



































Product shares as strategy - Song of My Heart Demonstrators













Home Page



Home
Cheat Sheets Downloads
About Me & Mine
Subscribe to Blog
Follow on Facebook
Join My Team
Scrapbooker's One-Sheet Wonders
Demonstrator Resources
Song of My Heart's Devotion
SOMH on YouTube

Etsy
Facebook Page
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube






Song of My Heart Demonstrators









« Successful Booking Blitzes |
	Main
	| Attractive and efficient workshop folders »






08/04/2010


Product shares as strategy


			I recently became enamored of a quick way to get a large order, which 
you can then use to bump your totals at strategic times of the year. 
Product shares (often called clubs) are not a new idea. They have been 
around for years now, and the secret of their staying power is that they
 work--for both the customer and the demonstrator. 

Here's the idea behind a product share in a nutshell:

Problem: customer wants a big ticket item they can't afford. 
Solution: demo offers a payment plan.

How easy is that? Whether the item the customer wants is a single piece 
such as the Color Caddy, the marker set, or the Big Shot, or a 
collection of all the ribbons, envelopes, papers or embellishments in 
the catalog, they can't afford to do it all at once. So, a resourceful 
demo steps in and finds a way to make it possible for them to have their
 cake AND eat it. 

Customers love this option, but shares can be an amazing tool for the 
demonstrator, providing a large order during slow months, or at crucial 
times like when you are close to the next Volume Rebate level, or trying
 to reach a big goal and feel like your current customer base is a 
little tapped out. 

Some product shares are run in conjunction with a club. For instance, 
the price each month includes three projects, focusing on the product 
for which the share is about. So if offering a marker share through a 
club, you could use the Many Marvelous Marker handout and teach several 
markering techniques each meeting through the four months.

Product shares require a little bit of patience on the part of the 
customer, and a little bit of organization on the part of the demo. Here are some tips to think about as you decide how and when to run your next product share.

First, make sure you do your math. Add in all taxes and shipping 
charges to your totals before you divide them up. For instance, for a 
Big Shot share, you wouldn't want to offer them a payment plan of $25 a 
month for four months just because the Big Shot costs $100, or you will 
lose money. 

Add up the whole thing, then add a little for your trouble (or for the 
club projects, if offering this share through a club setting) and then 
round it up. People like nice round numbers! And we are already 
conditioned that "installment plans" cost us a little extra for the 
convenience.

Secondly, advertise, advertise, advertise. Not everyone will be 
willing or able to take advantage of your share, so you need to put the 
offer out there to as many people as possible. Make sure you make full 
use of email, phone, blog and flyers to get the news out.

Third, during poor economic times like this, emphasize the 
budgeting aspect of a product share when you present the idea. You're 
doing them a service by allowing them to pool their resources to get 
what they want. You're also helping them stick with a budget so they 
don't overindulge their crafting whims. They'll appreciate you even more
 for being a good friend and looking out for them. 

Finally, to be fair to all participants, require a firm commitment. A 
short but well-worded contract explaining what is expected of both 
parties is a good idea and a deterrent to those who might flake out. If 
you will be meeting in person in a club setting, discuss the importance 
of loyalty for the duration and how vital it is to a product share at 
your first session.

Product shares are an awesome way to bump your sales totals at crucial 
times, getting you to that next volume rebate level, helping you hit a 
goal, or even just making your minimums during a rough patch. You're 
also offering that one-of-a-kind customer service that will build 
loyalty to you as their demo. Dream BIG, friend!This article first appeared at www.stampinaddicts.com in November 2009.










Posted in Strategies for Sales  | Permalink






 | 

 | 

 | 








Comments

 You can follow this conversation by subscribing to the comment feed for this post.













Verify your Comment
Previewing your Comment





				Posted by: 
				 | 





This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted.






	    
   Your comment could not be posted. Error type: 


    Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment



The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again.
As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments.
Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate.



















Post a comment


    						Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them.
    					


Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more...




    						You are currently signed in as
    						(nobody).
    						Sign Out





Your Information

                                (Name and email address are required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.)
                            
                            



Name is required to post a comment



Please enter a valid email address



Invalid URL

 











Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog.









Search


Submit

















Enter your email address:Delivered by FeedBurner


Categories


Blogging Tips & Tricks
Building Your Brand
Encouragement & Motivation
Free Color Combo Help
Free Graphics for Social Media
Free Meeting Handouts
Goal Setting
Meeting Games & Challenges
Online Business Boot Camps
Organizational Helps
Recommended Services
Specialty Events & Classes
Strategies for Recruiting
Strategies for Sales
Strategies for Social Media
Strategies for Team Leaders
Time Management

See More


























































View Verse of the Day










The contents of this blog, except where noted, are © Lyssa Griffin Zwolanek and are not endorsed by any company or entity, including Stampin' Up, for which I am an Independent Demonstrator. You use the direct sales advice contained on this site AT YOUR OWN RISK. If you have any questions or suspect information may be incorrect or outdated, please contact me privately at Lyssa@songofmyheartstampers.com
    







Archives


July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016

More...













 








































 







Your investment strategy - ASX























































 
Skip to content












Submit


Search for multiple prices







SharesYour investment strategy


















Your investment strategy


There are many different sharemarket investment strategies, but ultimately they all aim to build wealth through share price growth or the generation of cash income.
Before investing, you should consider your investment goals and tailor your strategy to suit. You should also have a clear idea of the circumstances in which you might need to change your strategy or sell shares.
Questions to ask before investing

What do you want to achieve from your investments? 
Do you want a return in the form of income or capital growth? 
Are you prepared to risk some of your capital for the opportunity to make higher returns? 

Growth or income
Investment strategies commonly focus on growth, income or a combination of the two.

Growth: Growth investing aims to achieve share prices growing at a rate higher than inflation. It favours investments that are likely to see strong capital growth rather than paying dividends. A growth-based strategy might suit you if you have a long-term investment horizon and are looking to build up a substantial asset base. 
Income: Investing for income aims to achieve shares that pay high dividends. Using franking credits can also increase the value of dividends. An income-based strategy might suit you if you are looking to supplement or replace an income – for example, if you are approaching retirement. 

Learn about investment strategies.
Franking credits
Some dividends are issued as fully or partly franked. This means they carry imputation or ‘franking’ credits. These credits can be used by some shareholders to achieve a tax offset or a reduction in the amount of tax to be paid. If your marginal rate of tax is lower than the company tax rate, you may be able to use the excess franking rebate to reduce the tax payable on other sources of income. The tax implications of investing in shares may vary depending on your circumstances, and you should take your own professional advice. 
Share analysis
There are many ways to analyse a company's share performance, but most fall into one of the following two categories.

Fundamental analysis looks at the business fundamentals, future outlook and financial indicators of the company, such as its balance sheet, income statement and financial ratios 
Technical analysis looks at past price movements of an individual share or of the market as a whole. Charts are the key tool used in technical analysis. 

Many investors combine elements of both analysis techniques to determine their share investment choices.
Learn about analysis techniques.





Sponsored links




















Advertisement











Quick links

Find a stockbroker 
Sharemarket game 
Charts 
Dividends 
Upcoming floats 





Education

Getting started in shares
What is a share
Shares course


































Overview – Strategy Shares
































































 




























    Overview    




















				Why Strategy Shares?			







The Strategy Shares are actively managed exchanged traded funds (ETFs). We continually monitor and review the markets to ensure our strategies are taking advantage of opportunities as they arise. Rather than basing the Strategy Shares’ investment strategy on an index, our managers seek to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in an effort to enhance returns and lower overall portfolio risk.





















 Request More Info

























 
 







 
 




 Contact

Strategy Shares, Inc. 
36 North New York Avenue
Huntington, NY 11743
info@strategysharesetfs.com
Phone: (855) 477-3837

 About
Strategy Shares seeks to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in order to potentially enhance returns and possibly lower overall portfolio risk.

 Disclosure
Strategy Shares are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC. 



For more complete information on Strategy Shares, download and view a prospectus or summary prospectus now or call (855) 477-3837 for a free prospectus or summary prospectus. You should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses carefully before you invest. Information about these and other important subjects is in the fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus, which you should read carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including loss of principal.  There is no guarantee that this, or any investment strategy, will succeed. Shares of these ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the ETF. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.







© 2016 STRATEGY SHARES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. | Questions/Comments - Contact Strategy Shares Shareholder Services: 1-800-253-0412 Monday - Friday between 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. EST.












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.






Send







  







Start typing and press Enter to search










Strategy Shares

































































 











































				LEARN MORE ABOUT STRATEGY SHARES			








				Learn more about Strategy Shares’ distinct product offerings.			





FUND INFORMATION















											 		ABOUT STRATEGY SHARES											 	

													The Strategy Shares philosophy seeks to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in an effort to enhance returns and lower overall portfolio risk.												




LEARN MORE

 




 



















 
 
 



 












				Why Strategy Shares?			









The Strategy Shares are actively managed exchanged traded funds (ETFs). We continually monitor and review the markets to ensure our strategies are taking advantage of opportunities as they arise. Rather than basing the Strategy Shares’ investment strategy on an index, our managers seek to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in an effort to enhance returns and lower overall portfolio risk.














  
 US MARKET ROTATION STRATEGY ETF 



LEARN MORE




 



  
 ECOLOGICAL STRATEGY ETF 



LEARN MORE




 



  
 ACCESS FUND LITERATURE 



LEARN MORE




 















SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER 



















 










				





























 
 




 Contact

Strategy Shares, Inc. 
36 North New York Avenue
Huntington, NY 11743
info@strategysharesetfs.com
Phone: (855) 477-3837

 About
Strategy Shares seeks to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in order to potentially enhance returns and possibly lower overall portfolio risk.

 Disclosure
Strategy Shares are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC. 



For more complete information on Strategy Shares, download and view a prospectus or summary prospectus now or call (855) 477-3837 for a free prospectus or summary prospectus. You should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses carefully before you invest. Information about these and other important subjects is in the fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus, which you should read carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including loss of principal.  There is no guarantee that this, or any investment strategy, will succeed. Shares of these ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the ETF. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.







© 2016 STRATEGY SHARES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. | Questions/Comments - Contact Strategy Shares Shareholder Services: 1-800-253-0412 Monday - Friday between 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. EST.












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.






Send







  







Start typing and press Enter to search

























What strategies do companies employ to increase market share? | Investopedia



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters






















What strategies do companies employ to increase market share?


    By Investopedia | Updated June 8, 2017 — 5:51 PM EDT    






Share









































Loading the player...
















 

A:
Companies increase market share through innovation, strengthening customer relationships, smart hiring practices, and acquiring competitors. A company's market share is the percentage it controls of the total market for its products and services.
Market share is calculated by measuring percentage of sales or percentage of units. Using the percentage of sales method, if a company has $1 million in annual sales and the total sales for the year in its industry is $100 million, the company's market share is 1%. Under the percentage of units method, a company that sells 50,000 units annually in an industry where 5 million units are sold per year also has a market share of 1%.
Higher market share puts companies at a competitive advantage. Companies with high market share often receive better prices from suppliers, as their larger order volumes increase their buying power. Also, increased market share and greater production go hand-in-hand, with the latter decreasing a company's cost to produce an individual unit due to economies of scale.
Innovation is one method by which a company may increase market share. When a firm brings to market a new technology its competitors have yet to offer, consumers wishing to own the technology buy it from that company, even if they previously did business with a competitor. Many of those consumers become loyal customers, which adds to the company's market share and decreases market share for the company from which they switched.
By strengthening customer relationships, companies protect their existing market share by preventing current customers from jumping ship when a competitor rolls out a hot new offer. Better still, companies can grow market share using the same simple tactic, as satisfied customers frequently speak of their positive experience to friends and relatives who then become new customers. Gaining market share via word of mouth increases a company's revenues without concomitant increases in marketing expenses.
Companies with the highest market share in their industries almost invariably have the most skilled and dedicated employees. Bringing the best employees on board reduces expenses related to turnover and training, and enables companies to devote more resources to focusing on their core competencies. Offering competitive salaries and benefits is one proven way to attract the best employees; however, employees in the 21st century also seek intangible benefits such as flexible schedules and casual work environments.
Lastly, one of the surest methods to increase market share is acquiring a competitor. By doing so, a company accomplishes two things. It taps into the newly acquired firm's existing customer base, and it reduces the number of firms fighting for a slice of the same pie by one. A shrewd executive, whether in charge of a small business or a large corporation, always has his eye out for a good acquisition deal when his company is in a growth mode.
Want more on market share? Read How to Determine a Particular Company's Market Share.





  





RELATED FAQS



Is good customer service something to look for in a company in which I am considering ... 

Learn about the importance of customer service when deciding whether to invest in a stock. Good customer service can ensure ...  Read Answer >>



How can small businesses manufacture demand?

Create demand for a small business product or service by focusing on the brand and market. Continue to learn offer excellent ...  Read Answer >>



I've noticed executives buy a lot of stock below market value, and then they sell ... 

On October 30, 2006, a Google executive officer purchased 2,541 shares of Google at $9 per share and sold these same shares ...  Read Answer >>



How does it affect a company's credit rating to buy back shares?

Learn how buying back shares can negatively affect a company's credit rating if the company uses debt to finance a share ...  Read Answer >>



Why would I need to know how many outstanding shares the shareholders have?

Find out why shareholders should know how many outstanding shares have been issued by a corporation, and learn what happens ...  Read Answer >>



Why is an increase in capital stock on a company's balance sheet a bad sign for stockholders?

Understand what capital stock represents for a company and understand the significance for investors when a company initiates ...  Read Answer >>




Related Articles





Investing

                                                    Great Expectations: Forecasting Sales Growth                                            

 Predicting sales growth can be something of a black art, unless you ask the right questions.  





Small Business

                                                    How To Make $1 Million In Your Small Business                                            

 Make your dream a reality. Find out what you can do to reach this financial goal.  





Small Business

                                                    Understanding Marketing                                            

 Marketing includes all of the activities of a company associated with buying and selling a product or service.  





Small Business

                                                    How Penetration Pricing Works                                            

 Penetration pricing unveils a new product or service at an initially low price to attract customers away from competitors. 





Small Business

                                                    Qualitative Analysis: What Makes A Company Great?                                            

 To understand the qualities that make a great company, investors must dig deep into "soft" metrics.  





Investing

                                                    Don't Lose Your Shirt On Mutual Fund Sales                                            

 Mutual funds aren't guaranteed profit-makers, but with the right calculations and timing, you can avoid major losses.  





Small Business

                                                    What's Involved in Customer Service?                                             

 Customer service is the part of a business tasked with enhancing customer satisfaction.  





Investing

                                                    Mergers Put Money In Shareholders' Pockets                                            

 Learn the five ways mergers and acquisitions can increase a company's value.  





Investing

                                                    What Are Corporate Actions?                                            

 Be a savvy investor - learn how corporate actions affect you as a shareholder.  






RELATED TERMS



                                                    Market Share                                            

 The percentage of an industry or market's total sales that is ...  



                                                    Market Leader                                            

 A company that has the largest market share in an industry, and ...  



                                                    All Cash, All Stock Offer                                            

 A proposal by one company to purchase all of another company's ...  



                                                    Customer                                            

 An individual or business that purchases the goods or services ...  



                                                    Mergers and Acquisitions - M&A                                            

 A merger is a combination of two companies to form a new company, ...  



                                                    Revenue Per Employee                                            

 An important ratio that looks at a company's sales in relation ...  










































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing







Hot Definitions



                                                    Free Rider Problem                                            

 1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals in a population either consume more ...  



                                                    Dumping                                            

 In international trade, the export by a country or company of a product at a price that is lower in the foreign market than ...  



                                                    Tender Offer                                            

 An offer to purchase some or all of shareholders' shares in a corporation. The price offered is usually at a premium to the ...  



                                                    Ponzi Scheme                                            

 A fraudulent investing scam promising high rates of return with little risk to investors. The Ponzi scheme generates returns ...  



                                                    Dow Jones Industrial Average - DJIA                                            

 The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange ...  



                                                    Revolving Credit                                            

 A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to use the funds when they are needed. It is ...  












Trading Center















Partner Links































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
























Contact – Strategy Shares
































































 




























    Contact    













				Contact Us			







Strategy Shares, Inc.
36 North New York Avenue
Huntington, NY 11743
Email: info@strategysharesetfs.com
Phone: (855) 477-3837








 














            Submit        




 

 


 
















 
 




 Contact

Strategy Shares, Inc. 
36 North New York Avenue
Huntington, NY 11743
info@strategysharesetfs.com
Phone: (855) 477-3837

 About
Strategy Shares seeks to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in order to potentially enhance returns and possibly lower overall portfolio risk.

 Disclosure
Strategy Shares are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC. 



For more complete information on Strategy Shares, download and view a prospectus or summary prospectus now or call (855) 477-3837 for a free prospectus or summary prospectus. You should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses carefully before you invest. Information about these and other important subjects is in the fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus, which you should read carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including loss of principal.  There is no guarantee that this, or any investment strategy, will succeed. Shares of these ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the ETF. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.







© 2016 STRATEGY SHARES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. | Questions/Comments - Contact Strategy Shares Shareholder Services: 1-800-253-0412 Monday - Friday between 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. EST.












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.






Send







  







Start typing and press Enter to search











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Strategy

































































































      Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. See our User Agreement and Privacy Policy.
    

      Slideshare uses cookies to improve functionality and performance, and to provide you with relevant advertising. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the use of cookies on this website. See our Privacy Policy and User Agreement for details.
    






SlideShare



Explore



Search



You








Home


Technology


Education


More Topics




For Uploaders





                    Get Started




                    Tips & Tricks




                    Tools





































    Product Strategy
  





































































Upcoming SlideShare










Loading in …5
×




 










1

















1 of 12






























Like this presentation? Why not share!

Share
Email


 



 








product strategies
by shamshad60
10823 views







Product Strategy
by Matt Hunter
19882 views







Product strategy
by rajeev roy
5086 views







Guide to Product Strategy
by Technology Multip...
8793 views







Global Product Strategies
by Raymond Koh
21148 views







Introduction to Product Strategy
by Marc C. Lange
3746 views





 






Share SlideShare







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Google+





Email










Email sent successfully!



Embed



Size (px)



Start on




Show related SlideShares at end




WordPress Shortcode



Link



























                  Product Strategy
                




                  7,349 views





Share


Like











John Gibbon, Technology Strategy and Product Executive   




 Follow
                        





















              Published on Nov 2, 2008






                    Company or Product Portfolio Strategy What should we build?What trade-offs should we consider?
                  



                    ...





Published in:
Business, 
Economy & Finance







                    0 Comments
                





                  13 Likes
                





                Statistics
              




                Notes
              














Full Name






                          Comment goes here.
                        
12 hours ago  

                        

Delete
Reply
Spam
Block




Are you sure you want to
Yes
No



                          Your message goes here
                        





















Post









Be the first to comment















Elliott Hawkins


                                , 
                                Founder/Strategy Consultant 


                                 at 
                                RolaTube




                              3 months ago
                            













Siltan Mulugeta


                                , 
                                Haramaya University







                              8 months ago
                            













Irin Raj


                                , 
                                SALES PERSONS


                                 at 
                                future value retail india ltd




                              1 year ago
                            













Steven Li He


                                , 
                                Product Manager at Tough Egg Pte Ltd


                                 at 
                                Tough Egg Pte Ltd




                              1 year ago
                            













ILYA Matvienko


                                , 
                                Product Manager


                                 at 
                                XING




                              2 years ago
                            







                    Show More
                    




No Downloads




Views

Total views

                      7,349
                    
On SlideShare

                      0
                    
From Embeds

                      0
                    
Number of Embeds

                      350
                    



Actions

Shares
0
Downloads

                      1
                    
Comments

                      0
                    
Likes

                      13
                    




                    Embeds
                    0


No embeds






















No notes for slide
4/3/08 Stanford Continuing Studies: Bus100 - Building Software Products






                  Product Strategy
              


      1.
    What should we build? What trade-offs should we consider? Company or Product Portfolio Strategy JohnGibbon.com 
  


        2.
      
    <ul><li>Where should we go? </li></ul><ul><li>Why will we be successful there? </li></ul><ul><li>How do we get there? </li></ul>Company or Product Portfolio Strategy 
  


        3.
      
    <ul><li>Where Should We Go? </li></ul><ul><li>-Market Analysis </li></ul><ul><li>-Financial Plan </li></ul><ul><li>-Success Metrics </li></ul>
  


        4.
      
    <ul><li>Market and Competitive Analysis </li></ul><ul><li>-Clients </li></ul><ul><li>-Industry Experts </li></ul><ul><li>-Internet </li></ul>
  


        5.
      
    <ul><li>Financial Plan </li></ul><ul><li>-Costs </li></ul><ul><li>-Benefits  </li></ul>
  


        6.
      
    <ul><li>Success Metrics </li></ul><ul><li>-Revenue </li></ul><ul><li>-Market Share </li></ul><ul><li>-New Users </li></ul><ul><li>-Increase Usage </li></ul><ul><li>-Increased Customer Satisfaction: NPS </li></ul><ul><li>-Other? </li></ul>
  


        7.
      
    <ul><li>Why will we be successful there?  </li></ul><ul><li>-Core Competencies / Differentiation </li></ul><ul><li>-Mission </li></ul><ul><li>-Competitive Analysis </li></ul>
  


        8.
      
    <ul><li>How do we get there?  </li></ul><ul><li>-Financial / Dev Plan </li></ul><ul><li>-Tech Strategy </li></ul><ul><li>-Partnering Strategy </li></ul>
  


        9.
      
    But rarely do we play on green fields ..  … 
  


        10.
      
    <ul><li>New Product vs. Mature Product </li></ul><ul><li>New Market vs. Existing Market </li></ul><ul><li>Short Term vs. Long Term Revenue </li></ul><ul><li>Usage vs. Revenue </li></ul><ul><li>Client A vs. Client B  </li></ul><ul><li>Research vs. Development </li></ul><ul><li>High Risk vs. Low Risk </li></ul><ul><li>You have to make trade-offs: </li></ul>And you can use some of the following frameworks to help you: 
  


        11.
      
    The Boston Consulting Group’s Growth-Share Matrix Accelerate a Few Divest Most Liquidate Harvest Invest 20%- 18%- 16%- 14%- 12%- 10%- 8%- 6%- 4%- 2%- 0 Market Growth Rate 10x  4x  2x 1.5x  1x  Relative Market Share .5x  .4x  .3x .2x .1x  Dogs 8 7 3 ? Question marks ? ? 2 1 Cash cows 6 Stars 5 4 
  


        12.
      
    Ansoff Matrix:  Product Strategy Market Penetration Product  Development Market Development Diversification Current Products Future Products Current  Markets Future  Markets 
  








        Recommended
      












        Management Tips
      















        Leading with Emotional Intelligence
      















        Coaching and Developing Employees
      














        product strategies
      
shamshad60










        Product Strategy
      
Matt Hunter










        Product strategy
      
rajeev roy










        Guide to Product Strategy
      
Technology Multipliers










        Global Product Strategies
      
Raymond Koh










        Introduction to Product Strategy
      
Marc C. Lange










        Product strategy development
      
Divya Prabhu












×





Share Clipboard

×


Email









Email sent successfully..





Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn



Google+






Link







Public clipboards featuring this slide

×




    No public clipboards found for this slide
  






×



Save the most important slides with Clipping




Clipping is a handy way to collect and organize the most important slides from a presentation. You can keep your great finds in clipboards organized around topics.
Start clipping
No thanks. Continue to download.








Select another clipboard

×






Looks like you’ve clipped this slide to  already.












Create a clipboard






You just clipped your first slide!

        Clipping is a handy way to collect important slides you want to go back to later. Now customize the name of a clipboard to store your clips.
      






Name*
          






Description
          





Visibility
        
Others can see my Clipboard







Cancel
Save



















Literature & Forms – Strategy Shares
































































 




























    Literature & Forms    
























				Literature			










Fund
Fact Sheet
Prospectus
Summary Prospectus
Semi-Annual Report
Annual Report
SAI
XBRL
Information Statement


EcoLogical Strategy ETF







–


US Market Rotation Strategy ETF






























 
 




 Contact

Strategy Shares, Inc. 
36 North New York Avenue
Huntington, NY 11743
info@strategysharesetfs.com
Phone: (855) 477-3837

 About
Strategy Shares seeks to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in order to potentially enhance returns and possibly lower overall portfolio risk.

 Disclosure
Strategy Shares are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC. 



For more complete information on Strategy Shares, download and view a prospectus or summary prospectus now or call (855) 477-3837 for a free prospectus or summary prospectus. You should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses carefully before you invest. Information about these and other important subjects is in the fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus, which you should read carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including loss of principal.  There is no guarantee that this, or any investment strategy, will succeed. Shares of these ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the ETF. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.







© 2016 STRATEGY SHARES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. | Questions/Comments - Contact Strategy Shares Shareholder Services: 1-800-253-0412 Monday - Friday between 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. EST.












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.






Send







  







Start typing and press Enter to search














Strategies for High Market-Share Companies


























































2/3 Free Articles leftRemaining 



Register for more

 | 


Subscribe + Save!















MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS
































										Loading...
									





Risk management

Strategies for High Market-Share Companies


Paul BloomPhilip Kotler


From the November 1975 Issue
					









 SAVE
 SHARE
COMMENT
 TEXT SIZE
 PRINT
 PDF
8.95 BUY COPIES





















View more from the

November 1975 Issue






Explore the Archive












										Loading...
									






In recent years, a growing number of business practitioners and theorists have postulated that one way for a company to increase its return is by increasing its market share, and studies appear to have confirmed this relationship. But the authors of this article refuse to accept the blanket inference that “more” is necessarily always going to mean “better.” A large market share, they point out, can spell more trouble as well as more profit for a company; a given project promising higher returns than others will surely entail greater risks as well. Given this direct link between profit and risk, it behooves companies to manage their market shares with the same diligence as they would manage any other facet of their businesses. This concept of managing market shares leads to some intriguing possibilities. Although most companies can profit by attempting to increase their market shares, some may conclude that they are at (or possibly beyond) the point at which expected costs and risks outweigh expected gains. The authors suggest various strategies that these companies might consider in attempting to manage their market shares.

Capturing a dominant share of a market is likely to mean enjoying the highest profits of any of the companies serving that market.1 It can also mean winning the leadership, power, and glory that go with such dominance.
But high market share can also mean headaches. Companies possessing it are tempting targets for actual and potential competitors, consumer organizations, and government agencies. IBM, Gillette, Eastman Kodak, Procter & Gamble, Xerox, General Motors, Campbell’s, Coca-Cola, Kellogg, and Caterpillar are cases in point. Their market shares have been their blessing and their curse—their curse because they must make their decisions and manage their operations with much more care than do their competitors. These companies cannot aggressively seek larger shares because further gains may break the dam and let the waters of antitrust action pour in. In some cases, these companies may even have to give up some share in order to stem the tide.
The company that acquires a very high market share exposes itself to a number of risks that its smaller competitors do not encounter. Competitors, consumers, and governmental authorities are more likely to take certain actions against high-share companies than against small-share ones.
Smaller competitors, for example, can direct certain types of attack against larger organizations, attacks that would not work as well against companies of equal or smaller size. One type of attack has been to file private antitrust suits in an attempt to demonstrate that the larger competitor has violated antitrust laws while amassing its dominant share. In one of these suits, a court recently ordered IBM to pay Telex $259.5 million (this was later reversed by an appeals court). Eastman Kodak, Xerox, Anheuser-Busch, Gillette, and General Foods are currently involved in other private antitrust actions.2 Another type of attack involves the use of comparative advertising. Avis, B.F. Goodrich, Seven-Up, and others have found it profitable to mention or picture the products of their large competitors in their ads, and then to suggest the superiority of their own products.
Potential competitors also present problems because they may see the company with the largest share as the only competitor stopping them from capturing a portion of the profits being earned in a particular industry. Clearly, some large multiproduct companies have had considerable success in entering lucrative markets previously dominated by one or a few organizations. Procter & Gamble, for example, has recently entered several markets (potato chips, tampons, deodorant sprays, and toilet paper) with noteworthy results.
Yet another risk is posed by consumer or public-interest organizations. A larger market share usually means greater public visibility; consumer groups may choose the more visible companies as the targets of their complaints, demonstrations, and lawsuits. Campaign GM—the proxy battle to force General Motors to take a number of actions believed to be in the public interest—was conducted against the largest and most visible auto manufacturer. Similarly, SOUP—Students Opposed to Unfair Practices—was originally formed to fight the use of alleged deceptive practices in the advertising of Campbell Soup, the leader in the soup industry. Eastman Kodak, First National City Bank of New York, and DuPont are three other dominant market-share companies that have been singled out by consumer or public-interest organizations. Such attack by a consumer group can, of course, create ill will for the organization, as well as involve it in costly litigation.
The high market-share company also has to cope with antitrust initiatives taken by the government. The Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission are placing a renewed emphasis on the “structural” characteristics of markets. Rather than wait for conclusive evidence that the conduct within an industry has been anticompetitive (that is, predatory or collusive), these agencies have taken action primarily because noncompetitive market structures have allegedly existed.
Recent suits have been filed against IBM, Xerox, the eight major oil companies, the four major cereal manufacturers, and ReaLemon; in all of these suits the government has emphasized that these companies’ market shares are so large that their competition has virtually disappeared. One might say that these companies are now being penalized for their success. In any case, they are all involved in expensive legal battles, and they all face the prospect of being broken up or required to drastically alter their ways of doing business. 
  
More high market-share companies can expect antitrust suits when the FTC begins to exercise its newly won authority to require line-of-business reporting from major corporations. With such attention focused on their daily operations, multiproduct companies will find it harder to disguise their dominance of a particular market, although they may be able to disguise its profitability through arbitrary allocations of fixed overhead. Congressional pressure to fight inflation through stepped-up enforcement of the existing antitrust laws will also cause severe headaches for many high market-share companies.
There are, however, two qualifications to these risks:
1. The degree of risk depends on how the company has obtained its high market share. To the extent that its success is based on continuous innovation and/or lowering of costs and prices to buyers, consumers and the government may feel less hostile to the company, and competitors may feel less able to attack it. To the extent that its success is based on using an expiring patent, on bundling services, or on tying up a particular channel of distribution, these parties may be more inclined to attack it.
2. The degree of risk depends on the resources of the other parties. For example, risk from competitors is not very great if they cannot afford to mount counteradvertising campaigns or private antitrust suits. The risk of consumer and government intervention is not very great if the social milieu has changed from one of widespread business criticism to one of more traditional acceptance of business practices.







Unfortunately, there has been little discussion of either the problems of market-share management facing the high market-share company or of the actions it should consider. Much has been written about how a company should go about attaining increases in its market share, but little about what it should do once it has attained a large share. That is the question we shall consider here, but first we shall discuss the way in which a business decides on its optimal market share.
Determining an Optimal Market Share 
Most companies think and plan not only in terms of profit and sales volume but also in terms of market share. They see market-share gains as the key to long-run profitability. The Boston Consulting Group, for example, has proposed that, in product areas characterized by a strong learning curve, companies pursue market share maximization instead of current profit maximization.3
Despite this recommendation, we feel that an organization’s goal should not be to maximize market share, but rather to attain the optimal market share. A company has attained its optimal market share in a given product/market when a departure in either direction from the share would alter the company’s long-run profitability or risk (or both) in an unsatisfactory way. A company finding its current share below the optimal level should plan for market-share gains; a company that is at its optimal market share should fight to maintain it; and a company that has exceeded it should seek to reduce its current share.
How can a company determine where its optimal market share lies? It must go through the following three-step procedure: 
  
1. Estimate the relationship between market share and profitability.
2. Estimate the amount of risk associated with each share level.
3. Determine the point at which an increase in market share can no longer be expected to bring enough profit to compensate for the added risks to which the company would expose itself.
Estimating profitability as a function of market share 
Both economic theory and empirical evidence suggest that profitability increases with market share. Consider the case of a company with a fixed plant size. In this case, its sales volume breakeven point is determined by the slopes of the cost and revenue curves. Beyond the breakeven point, the company’s profits increase with its sales volume. This may continue until output levels reach a high percentage of capacity and thereby cause direct costs to increase dramatically.
Now consider the company that can expand its plant and market size. Usually this permits economies of scale in production, distribution, and marketing. A larger company can afford better equipment or more automation that lowers unit costs. It can obtain volume discounts in media advertising, purchasing, warehousing, and freight. It can attract the more lucrative customer accounts that want fuller services. And it can gain distributor acceptance and cooperation at a lower cost. Empirical studies bear this out. One of the best and most recent is the Marketing Science Institute’s “Profit Impact of Market Strategies” (PIMS) project. This study found that: 

“The average ROI for businesses with under 10% market share was about 9%… On the average, a difference of 10 percentage points in market share is accompanied by a difference of about 5 points in pre-tax ROI.”4

The PIMS study shows that businesses with market shares above 40% earn an average ROI of 30%, or three times that of those with shares under 10%.
However, the PIMS study does not reveal whether profitability eventually turns down at very high market-share levels. The study lumps together all market shares above 40%; therefore, the behavior of ROI in response to still higher market shares is undisclosed. Consequently, a high market-share company must itself analyze whether profitability will fall with further gains in market share. For the following reasons, it could drop dramatically:

Holdout customers may be loyal to competitors, so the cost of attracting them might exceed their value as new customers. 









 

The needs of these customers may be unique and not worth the cost of catering to. 


Companies seeking to enlarge their share of market may have to carry extra costs of legal work, public relations, and lobbying to defend their larger market share against criticism and regulation. 

When these factors begin to offset further gains in production and distribution efficiency, the optimal market share has been reached.
Estimating risk 
At different levels of market share, a company’s risk also changes. Risk is high for low market-share companies, declines as market share increases, and then increases again at very high share levels. Risk is high at low market-share levels because a business is subject to competitive forays by stronger competitors, cannot afford adequate marketing research and promotional spending, and is vulnerable to sudden changes in consumer tastes or spending. Risk starts to fall with increased market share because an organization can engage in more market research, operate better information systems, recruit more experienced marketing personnel, and spend more on marketing. Risk reaches a low point at a high share level and then may begin to increase at higher levels because of the growing probability that the government, consumers, and competitors will single the business out for specific attack.
Finding the optimal level 
This third step calls for top management to compare the changes in profitability and risk that it expects in seeking other levels of market share. Starting with its current share, management can analyze:
1. The expected cost of achieving a specified higher level of market share.
2. The expected profitability associated with that market share.
3. The expected increase in risk. 
  
The increase in long-run profitability must compensate for the cost of achieving the higher share and the higher attendant risk. If not, the specified higher market share is not optimal.
Management should also examine a specified lower share level, taking into consideration the cost, profitability, and decrease in risk at each level. If a lower level of risk does not compensate for the reduced profitability (which may or may not exist, since prices may be higher or marketing costs lower and profitability unchanged) and for transitional costs, then the specified lower market share is not optimal. If the company uses this technique for a number of alternative market-share levels and cannot find one that offers a more satisfying balance of profitability and risk, then it is at its optimal level.
Market-Share Management Strategies 
Thus far, we have shown how a high market-share company can locate its optimal market share. We shall now discuss the various strategies a company can use either to attain or maintain this optimal share or to shift it to a higher level.
Market-share management strategies fall into four broad categories: (1) share building, (2) share maintenance, (3) share reduction, and (4) risk reduction.
Share building 
The majority of companies that analyze their market position conclude that they are operating below their optimal market share. They are not exploiting their plant fully or have not been able to build a plant at the most economical size; they are not quite large enough to achieve promotional and/or distributional economies; and they cannot attract the strongest talent. In sum, they see a higher market share as promising greater profitability without commensurately greater risk—indeed, often as reducing that risk.
Share-building strategies must be designed to meet several considerations—whether (1) the primary market is growing, stable, or declining, (2) the product is homogeneous or highly differentiable, (3) the company’s resources are high or low in relation to its competitors’ resources, and (4) there are one or several competitors and how effective they are.
The most effective strategy for market-share gain is product innovation. Its weak sister, product imitation, may be appropriate for growth in a growing market, but it will probably not alter existing market shares. Such companies as Xerox, Zenith, Control Data, and Polaroid made their mark because they found a better product. At the same time, innovation is an expensive and risk-laden strategy requiring a careful analysis of market needs and preferences, a large investment, and astute timing.
Market segmentation may also be used to build share. Many dominant companies concentrate on the mass market and neglect or undersatisfy various fringe markets. This mistake is illustrated by the big three American auto makers, who for years sought the majority market, concluding that the small-car market segment was too small to be profitable. The vacuum they created was first filled by Volkswagen and then later by other European and Japanese auto companies at a high profit. 
  
A third strategy for building market share is distribution innovation. In this instance, the company finds a way to cover a market more effectively. Timex achieved its growth as a watch manufacturer by entering unconventional outlets like drugstores and discount stores. These outlets then refused to carry additional brands of low-priced watches, leaving Timex king of the mountain. Avon achieved its spectacular growth as a leader in cosmetics by resurrecting the old and neglected channel of door-to-door selling rather than by fighting bloody battles for space in conventional retail outlets.
A final strategy for share building is promotional innovation. Consider Philip Morris’s “Marlboro man” or Avis’s “We’re No. 2, We Try Harder.” A clever and distinctive campaign or promotion, once established, is hard to duplicate or offset. At the same time, however, too many organizations emphasize promotional innovation when they should be searching for real product, segment, or distributional innovations. Flashy promotion has a hollow ring when unsupported by improvements in consumer value.
Share maintenance 
In evaluating their market positions, some companies will find that they are in fact operating at an optimal share level. The cost or risk of increasing their share would cancel out any gains. On the other hand, a decline in their current share would reduce their profitability. These companies are intent on maintaining market share.
Such organizations find, however, that stabilizing their share is almost as challenging as expanding it. Underdog competitors are constantly chipping away at the stable company’s share. They introduce new products, sniff out new segments, try out new forms of distribution, and launch new promotions. One of the most annoying and common forms of attack is price cutting. The high-share company is always wrestling with the question of whether to meet price cuts and maintain its share or give up a little share and maintain its margins. If the high-share company maintains its prices, it loses share. If it loses more than it expects, it may discover that rebuilding costs more than the gains from holding prices.
In general, the best defense for maintaining market share is a good offense—product innovation, the same strategy that works so well for the underdog. A dominant company must refuse to be content with the way things are. It has to anticipate its own obsolescence by developing new products, customer services, channels of distribution, and cost-cutting processes.
A second line of defense is market fortification. The dominant company plugs market holes to prevent competitors from moving in. This is the essence of the multibrand strategy perfected by P&G. P&G will introduce a number of brands competing with each other; the effect is to tie up scarce distribution space and lock out some of the competition.
A third and less attractive defense for share maintenance is a confrontation strategy. Here the dominant company defends its empire by initiating expensive promotional or price-cutting wars to discipline upstart competitors. It may even resort to harassment—pressuring dealers and suppliers into ignoring upstarts to avoid losing the dominant company’s goodwill. Confrontation may work, but it is undertaken at some risk and contributes less to social welfare than would more innovative responses. Furthermore, such tactics suggest a sene-scence in the dominant organization.
Share reduction 
Some companies analyzing the profitability and risk associated with their current market share may come to the conclusion that they have overextended themselves in the overall market or in certain sub-markets. Their large share puts them on the “hot seat” too often or includes too many marginal customers. These factors can lead the company to think about how to reduce its presence in the market. 
  
Share reduction calls for the application of general or selective demarketing principles.5Demarketing is the attempt to reduce, temporarily or permanently, the level of customer demand. It may be directed at the market or selected market segments. It calls for reversing the normal direction of marketing moves: raising price, cutting back advertising and promotion, reducing service. It may involve more extreme measures such as reducing product quality or convenience features. In a period of prolonged shortages, these steps may be especially necessary.
Several high market-share companies have apparently used demarketing to reduce their shares to less risky levels. Procter & Gamble, for example, has allowed its share of the shampoo market to slip from around 50% to just above 20% in the past few years—much to the surprise of its competitors. In this period, the company has delayed reformulating its old brands (Prell and Head & Shoulders), has tried to introduce only one new brand (which was withdrawn twice from test markets), and has not attempted to “buy” back its share with heavy spending on advertising and promotion.6 It seems fair to speculate that Procter & Gamble’s passive response to its decline in market share is deliberate; it may be motivated by a desire to avoid antitrust difficulties like those it has encountered with Clorox and, recently, with its detergent products.7
An example of a company that has used demarketing more selectively is Kellogg in its delay in entering the natural cereal market. The company may have decided to allow others to dominate this segment of the market to improve its chances of emerging from current antitrust difficulties without too many scars.8
In the auto industry, observers have long noted how General Motors, Ford, and Chrysler treat American Motors as a shield against antitrust attack. The big companies have apparently given AMC very little competition over lucrative contracts for government vehicles (postal and military jeeps, military trucks, and so on).9
Finally, the demarketing experience of ReaLemon Foods, a subsidiary of Borden, deserves comment. ReaLemon implemented a selective demarketing strategy to avoid antitrust problems, but it reversed its strategy too soon and paid a price. Until 1970, ReaLemon held about 90% of the reconstituted lemon juice market. According to industry sources, ReaLemon at that time began to allow companies on the West Coast and in the Chicago area to make inroads into its share through fear of antitrust attack. By 1972, however, a Chicago competitor, Golden Crown Citrus Corporation, had captured a share that ReaLemon considered too large. ReaLemon retaliated. As a result, the Federal Trade Commission filed a complaint in 1974 charging ReaLemon with predatory pricing and sales tactics.10 The lesson to be learned from ReaLemons experience is that once a high market-share company allows its share to fall, it must be careful if it decides to reverse itself.
It should be said parenthetically that demarketing can be both desirable and undesirable from a social point of view. To the extent that businesses selectively concentrate on those customer segments and product lines where they can market most efficiently and profitably, demarketing can lead to greater effectiveness, variety, and competition. However, where they demarket in ways that discriminate against the weaker or disadvantaged segments—such as when a big supermarket chain closes down its inner-city stores—the results can be unfortunate.
Risk reduction 
Companies concluding that their high share is dangerous may want to adopt strategies reducing the risk rather than strategies reducing the share. We have stated that the optimal market share is a function of both profitability and risk, and that any success in reducing the risk surrounding a high share is tantamount to optimizing that share.
Companies can consider a number of measures to reduce the insecurity surrounding their high market share, including (1) public relations, (2) competitive pacification, (3) dependence, (4) legislation, (5) diversification, and (6) social responsiveness. 
  
Public relations 
It is becoming common for companies in dominant positions to spend large sums of money on advertising and other public relations efforts to improve their images. In many cases, such companies hope their efforts will undercut public support for legislative, government agency, or consumer group actions that would hurt their interests.
Public relations strategies are used with good cause to publicize genuine efforts that serve the public interest. But they are also used to cover up weak or nonexistent attempts—the case of a public utility that spent $50,000 to clean up the environment and $400,000 to publicize the action comes to mind. When a company spends more on good words than good deeds, it is giving its critics ammunition.
Organizations have also used public relations and advertising to publicize their position on a controversial issue. Major oil companies took out expensive newspaper ads during the oil and gas shortages to defend their high profits—arguing that they were needed either to finance future energy growth or to make up for depressed profits in the past. These ads probably did not convince a single skeptic and, if anything, made the public angrier at the thriftlessness of full-page spreads defending oil profits. Some critics have called this “ecopornography” and have complained that these ads reduce government tax revenues, since corporations, unlike private citizens, can treat the cost of political messages as a legitimate business expense.
Competitive pacification 
The high-share company may attempt to reduce the risks associated with its position by cultivating better relations with its competitors. There are numerous ways in which this can be done. Organizations may help find supplies of raw materials, or even sell the material outright. They may conduct advertising campaigns that promote the product category rather than their specific brands. They may refrain from reacting strongly to the strategy changes of their rivals. They may supply valuable research data and other assistance to smaller competitors through trade association activities. They may provide price umbrellas. And they may hold back the rate of new product introduction. (Of course, the company that chooses to use competitive pacification strategies must be careful to avoid behaving in what could be considered a collusive manner.)
Pacified smaller competitors exist in many industries. General Motors and Ford have apparently recognized that it is in their best interests to keep Chrysler and American Motors friendly. Similarly, the smaller cereal companies are on good terms with giant Kellogg.
Because competitive pacification strategies permit weak competitors to survive and even to prosper, they provide a public service by giving consumers a wider variety of products to choose from. However, to the extent that these strategies lead to a misallocation of resources and higher prices, they may do a disservice to the American public. It should be remembered that consumers can also benefit from counteradvertising, antitrust suits, and other aggressive actions initiated by these same unpacified smaller competitors.
Dependence & legislation 
Dependency strategies forge a link between the high market-share company and the government. By making government institutions and officials dependent on it for various products (particularly defense-related commodities), for help in keeping unemployment down, or for political campaign funds, a company can acquire considerable power over policy makers and lessen its chances of being the target of government legislation and lawsuits.
Both the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission have been the butt of dependency strategies. In a chapter entitled “The Politics of Antitrust,” the authors of The Closed Enterprise System (a Ralph Nader venture) cite numerous cases in which the Justice Department has been subjected to and has sometimes succumbed to pressures by elected officials to curtail antitrust actions.11 The most noteworthy example, of course, is the ITT case. Similarly, the supposedly independent FTC has not found itself totally immune from pressures by elected officials, since Congress appropriates its budgets and the President appoints its commissioners. Many elected officials are willing to exert pressure on these and other enforcement agencies because they fear that they will lose campaign funds and other forms of political support, defense supplies, and employment opportunities for their constituencies if large, powerful companies are successfully prosecuted under antitrust or other laws. 
  
It is unfortunate that our antitrust laws have encouraged the use of dependency strategies. The laws were originally designed to prevent this type of behavior. However, it is just as true that the procedures developed over the years for enforcing these laws have allowed dependency strategies some success. This success has resulted in a reduction of the political influence of individual citizens and a lessening of competition in many economic sectors.
Closely related to dependency strategies are legislative ones. A high market-share company can attempt to convince Congress to pass legislation giving it special treatment under the law. For example, labor unions, professional athletic leagues, banks, and newspapers have all received special treatment under the antitrust laws. Special legal treatment has also been offered to many companies in the form of subsidies, tax loopholes, and tariff reductions. Thus successful use of legislative strategies can practically eliminate a company’s risk of being the target of an antitrust attack and/or help stabilize earnings at high levels.
It is difficult to say a priori whether a company’s use of legislative strategies will or will not benefit society. The organization that lobbies for an antitrust exemption, special tariff treatment, or tax loopholes is acting in its own interest. Yet this does not mean that its interest will not ultimately coincide with that of the public. The biggest objection to the use of legislative strategies by high market-share companies is that it involves asking for special treatment rather than equality under the law, and it shelters the company or industry from the fresh winds of competition.
Diversification 
By diversifying successfully into markets that are different from the one it dominates, a company can ensure that a steady stream of profits will continue even after something as drastic as an antitrust divestiture has occurred.
Many high market-share companies have done just this. For example, the Brookings Institution’s classic examination of the pricing practices of 20 major corporations (including General Motors, General Electric, General Foods, and U.S. Steel) revealed that antitrust concerns seemed to motivate several high-share companies to diversify. The report states: 

“A broader impact of the antitrust laws may be their effect on market-share policy. Many of the companies interviewed expressed a preference for making their way into new markets, wherein their share would be a minor fraction, to dominating the market in the established product.”12

In addition, fear of competition in established markets can lead companies to diversify. A more recent example of a high-share company that has diversified extensively is Gillette. It has expanded from shaving-related products to deodorants, pens, shampoos, hairdryers, and other product categories.
The adoption of diversification strategies by dominant organizations normally has positive social benefits. Their movement into new industries tends to create healthy competition throughout the entire economy.13
Social responsiveness 
The most constructive way for a high market-share company to reduce its risk is to demonstrate a responsiveness to emerging consumer and social needs. Certain companies have gained the trust of the buying public because of their continuous efforts to respond to such social needs—one thinks immediately of Sears, Zenith, and Whirlpool. Trust is not the result of a sustained and clever public relations campaign, but rather of the satisfaction that customers and the public receive in dealing with a company. 
  
A high market-share company that has successfully won the public trust is Giant Foods, a major food chain in the Washington, D.C., area.14 Giant Foods interpreted the various consumer criticisms of the late 1960s not as presenting unwelcome problems but as offering useful new opportunities. So it took the initiative and introduced such consumer-oriented programs as unit pricing, open dating, and some nutritional labeling. It also carried an extensive supply of less expensive private labels to enable consumers to hold down their costs. It publicized money-saving food buys and supported the meat boycott to bring down consumer costs. And it appointed Esther Peterson, former White House special assistant for consumer affairs, as a consumer affairs advisor. All of these steps made it a consumer champion and won it many friends and patrons.
Nonetheless, evidence is still needed to prove that a company assuming the role of consumer champion, with all the expense this entails, is compensated in terms of either market share or lower risk. It seems to be a part that only one company in each industry can play meaningfully, since others are typed as weak imitators. However, in an age of such formidable social problems as high prices, environmentalism, shortages, antibusiness sentiment, and changing life-styles, these problems should be regarded as disguised opportunities for the companies that have the courage and imagination to perceive them.
Filling Societal Needs 
Because it is exposed to a large and unique set of risks, the high market-share company is confronted with difficult problems. It cannot seek an ever larger market share as freely as its smaller competitors. Instead, it must carefully analyze the relationship of its current share to its optimal market share, and it must plan how to make these two shares coincide.
More often than not, the high market-share organization will find that it must use share-reduction or risk-reduction strategies to align these two shares. Unfortunately, the use of many share- and risk-reduction strategies can have undesirable social consequences. Demarketing strategies of a highly discriminatory nature, certain public relations strategies, competitive pacification strategies, dependency strategies, and legislative strategies can all produce outcomes that are not in the best long-term interests of major portions of society. Therefore, the high market-share company should give serious consideration to those strategies that not only fill its coffers but also respond to consumer and social needs.
1. For a detailed discussion of the relationship between market share and profitability, see Robert D. Buzzell, Bradley T. Gale, and Ralph G.M. Sultan, “Market Share—A Key to Profitability,” HBR January–February 1975, p. 97.
2. Ernest Holsendolph, “New Challenges in Antitrust,” New York Times, January 21, 1973.
3. See Perspectives on Experience (Boston: The Boston Consulting Group, Inc., 1968).
4. Buzzell, Gale, and Sultan, “Market Share,” pp. 100 and 97; for further evidence, see Bradley T. Gale, “Market Share and Rate of Return,” Review of Economics & Statistics, November 1972, p. 412.
5. See Philip Kotler and Sidney J. Levy, “Demarketing, Yes, Demarketing,” HBR November–December 1971, p. 74.
6. Nancy Giges, “Shampoo Rivals Wonder When P&G Will Seek Old Dominance,” Advertising Age, September 23, 1974, p. 3.
7. “Investigation of Heavy-Duty Detergent Industry Announced,” Federal Trade Commission News Summary, June 20, 1975, p. 4.
8. For information on Kellogg’s antitrust difficulties, see “The Cereal Case,” Antitrust Law and Economics Review, Fall 1971, p. 71.
9. “The Mouse That Varoomed,” Time, November 20, 1972, p. 82.
10. Dennis D. Fisher, “ReaLemon Sales Tactics Hit,” Chicago Sun-Times, July 4, 1974.
11. See Mark J. Green, Beverly C. Moore, Jr., and Bruce Wasserstein, The Closed Enterprise System (New York: Grossman Publishers, 1972), pp. 30–62.
12. Abraham D.H. Kaplan, Joel B. Dirlam, and Robert F. Lanzillotti, Pricing in Big Business (Washington, D.C.: The Brookings Institution, 1958), p. 268.
13. See Bruce R. Scott, “The Industrial State: Old Myths and New Realities,” HBR March–April 1973, p. 133.
14. See Esther Peterson, “Consumerism As a Retailer’s Asset,” HBR May–June 1974, p. 91.

A version of this article appeared in the November 1975 issue of Harvard Business Review.








Paul N. Bloom is Adjunct Professor of Social Entrepreneurship and Marketing in the Center for the Advancement of Social Entrepreneurship at Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. His new book is Scaling Your Social Venture: Becoming an Impact Entrepreneur.



 Philip Kotler is the S.C. Johnson & Son Distinguished Professor of International Marketing at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management in Evanston, Illinois. This is his 11th article for HBR.








This article is about RISK MANAGEMENT




 Follow this topic



 Following





Related Topics:

Marketing














						Loading...
					












				Loading...
			























Partner Center
































  



















4 Viral Sharing Tactics For Your Product Launch Strategy











































































Kissmetrics


Products


Pricing


Customers


About


Blog


See Kissmetrics


Sign In








              Blog Home
            



              Academy
            



              Marketing Guides
            



              Webinars
            





Features


Solutions


Pricing


Customers


Blog


Infographics


Marketing Guides


Webinars


Kissmetrics Academy



1-888-767-5477




Kissmetrics Blog
A blog about analytics, marketing and testing



Built to optimize growth. Track, analyze and engage to get more customers.

See Kissmetrics









4 Viral Sharing Tactics For Your Product Launch Strategy


Recently, I was tasked with designing a marketing strategy for the launch of a new version of a product. Our main goal for the early stages of the launch was to get as many user signups as possible.
Looking for a little inspiration, I researched how other tech companies tackle user acquisition during product launches. I wanted to know: How do companies get users to share their products, either pre-launch, during beta or at the beginning of a public launch?
I divided my research into two main categories: viral sharing tactics executed outside the tool, and viral sharing tactics that exist within the tool (or at least originate there, like integration with major social networks).
Incorporating features that make your product highly-sharable from the get-go is key. When done right, these kinds of features––such as integration with pre-existing, well-known tools and referral rewards––can contribute significantly to sustainable, long-term growth. Luckily, they are no longer seen as belonging solely to the domain of the engineering team; the rise of growth hacking has put the ball in the technical marketer’s court.
But come launch time, what you do outside of the tool in order to get people to share and talk about your product is also critical. It can give you that little extra push you need to gain initial traction and generate buzz. Plus, planning and executing these tactics is a lot of fun.
In this article, I’ll examine a handful of ways in which companies get people to start sharing their product (aside from features that live within the tool).
Let’s get started!
1. Ask for Shares on Key Landing Pages & in Follow-Up Emails
The company UpStanding––makers of an affordable, ergonomic, portable desk that converts any standard desk into a standing workstation––invites people to sign up for a pre-order waiting list and then asks subscribers to spread the word.
The company keeps it simple and elegant; after filling out the contact form you arrive at a landing page that invites you to share the company website in several ways: on major social media channels, via email or by copying a shortened link and pasting it wherever you like.


UpStanding also sends an email to new pre-order subscribers thanking them and asking for a share.

This is a great idea, but I would tweak a couple things about the email:

The link takes you to the signup form for the pre-order waiting list. Doh! Why would I want to go through the hassle of filling this out again just so I can promote their product? Instead, they should link to the confirmation page where the sharing options are or to a pre-written tweet. Remember, you want to make it as easy as possible for people to share.
The “please share” CTA is followed directly by another CTA inviting people to visit their site. Whenever I put a really important CTA in an email, especially “please share my product”, I try not to take attention away from it by giving people too many other options. Why distract people from doing what you really want them to do––share––with something much less concrete like prompting them to return to the site?

For the launch that I worked on, we also asked new users to share the product with their community by linking to a pre-written tweet in the welcome email. The result: within the first week of launch we saw about 100 pre-written tweets published and over 430 visits to the product signup page via clicks on these tweets.
Robinhood, a stock trading tool that has over 350k people on their waiting list yet hasn’t even launched, gamifies the process of sharing their website: the more friends you get to sign up for the waiting list, the higher up your position on the waiting list becomes. Robinhood even tells you exactly how many people are ahead of you on the waiting list.

Besides activating people’s competitive impulse, seeing that hundreds of thousands of others have signed up is an effective form of social proof, as Sean Ellis points out in his write-up of Robinhood’s pre-launch promotion strategy.
Robinhood follows up with a welcome email that reiterates the opportunity to get early access by referring friends, and it provides a link to a page where you can check your position on the waiting list, further prompting you to want to get ahead.


Unroll.Me, an application that helps you quickly unsubscribe from all those mailing lists you never even knew you signed up for, asks new users to share during the initial setup process, right before they get to their dashboard for the first time. They give the option to publish a pre-written tweet or post about the service on Facebook.


If you want to replicate this, Click to Tweet offers a super-easy way to create your pre-written tweet and track the results. Similarly, you can use Pay with a Tweet to require new users to tweet about your product before getting access.
2. Take Advantage of Milestones To Inspire Shares
You can also take advantage of major milestones to reach out to existing users and influencers and inspire them to talk about your product. Ryan Hoover at Product Hunt sent the email below to users when PandoDaily published a piece about the company. He then included a click-to-tweet option at the end of his email.

Inviting people to talk about your product when you’ve received recognition from a well-respected publication or reached an important milestone (such as a large number of user signups or the launch of an important new feature) is a great way to get an additional boost in shares and mentions. Perhaps you already asked these people to share your product when they signed up for the waiting list or for the beta trial, but an impressive achievement is a great excuse to ask again.
3. Get People to Publicly Request Access, or Ask An Influencer to Gift Access to Their Community
The personal finance startup Blueleaf added an interesting twist to the refer-a-friend tactic used by many (in which current users invite people from their community to sign up): they turned on the ability to invite a friend for a limited time period (an hour or two), and during that time wannabe users scrambled to find people they knew who already had access, which often led to people publicly asking for an account, like in the tweet below.

This inspired us to try something similar for our product launch––something that gave us impressive results and didn’t involve creating or tweaking any features within the tool.
When accounts for our tool were still invitation-only, we gave an access code to a major influencer in our space. He published the code on Twitter and Facebook and specified that it would only be active for an hour. People scrambled to sign up for the tool before the hour was up, and we saw a surge in mentions about our tool in Twitter. The campaign resulted in over 120 new signups in 60 minutes, plus many more on the waiting list.
4. Use Badges To Reward People With Early Access
When Noah Kagan took on the position of Director of Marketing at Mint he was tasked with getting 100,000 users within the first six months of launching. Kagan admits to being a bit nervous at first, but by the end of six months the fledgling personal finance application had over 1 million users.
Mint’s success can be credited to a variety of things, including building a truly excellent product, Kagan’s quant-based marketing plan and press mentions in the right places.
One way that Kagan got people to broadcast Mint to their communities was through badges. The badges were actually a solution to the system’s inability to handle the 20-30k people on the waiting list; Mint told users that they could have special access to the tool if they placed the badge on their blog.
In fact, Mint continues to offer the badges for personal-finance enthusiasts; check them out here.
Kagan points out that Xobni, the email productivity company recently acquired by Yahoo, also rewarded people who placed badges on their websites and blogs with early access to their beta. Xobni attached a referral number to each badge click to determine which blogs had audiences interested in their product, allowing the company to collect data that would help target its marketing efforts later on.
There are many ways to generate buzz around a new product; you’ll want to test different approaches to see what works for you. More importantly, think about how you can combine the tactics discussed above and put your own spin on them in order to create your unique recipe for viral growth.
As Nate Desmond points out on his blog, during the early stages of user acquisition the goal is to “throw things at the wall and see what sticks”.
But you don’t want to throw in the dark, so make sure you get to know your customer before planning your launch strategy. Creating buyer personas is an excellent exercise that will spark ideas about how to tailor your launch to your audience.
Now I’d like to hear from you: What are the most interesting, innovative ways to get a product shared and talked about that you’ve come across?
About the Author: Chloe Gray specializes in digital marketing strategies for startups. She currently leads the marketing team at the Big Data company Ondore. Be sure to say hi to her on Twitter. You also can follow her on Google+.


Related Posts

Launch like Steve Jobs: 7 Ways to Build Buzz for Your Next Product Launch
What Instagram and the Titanic Can Teach You About Launching Your Next Product
6 Mistakes That Will Kill Your Product Launch
The 12 Ironclad Rules for Issuing Press Releases
4 Real-Life Examples of Online Businesses That Have Thrived on Strategic Partnerships
How Did LeadPages go From 0 to 15,000 Customers in 12 Months?










Alex
May 23, 2014 at 8:03 am 
Useful stuff thank you. There are free tactics too, of course, such as StumbleUpon. It’s worked wonders for me in the past, gaining me at least 20k hits on some of the articles I’ve written. If you get paid boosts for this service I should imagine it could be even higher.

Reply 





Neil Patel
May 24, 2014 at 6:05 am 
Alex, glad we could help. Thanks for the insights :)

Reply 





Roderick
Mar 11, 2015 at 7:24 pm 
Thanks for the enlightening me up. That’s was very helpful. Great job.!!!

Reply 







Debitum
May 23, 2014 at 12:59 pm 
Good guide.

Reply 





Neil Patel
May 24, 2014 at 6:03 am 
Debitum, glad we could help :)

Reply 







Guest
May 25, 2014 at 8:59 am 
Hi Chloe,
Thanks for your post!  Interesting examples.  
Can you provide resources or tools that allow us, especially small businesses, to do the same things?  For example, with Robinhood, they send you a referral link and show you what # position you’re in.  I’ve found a WordPress plugin that let’s you track referrals with a link (www.seedprod.com), but it doesn’t display the position you’re in like Robinhood.  
It would be awesome if you could include plugins, tools or resources we can use to do the same things as your example companies.
Thanks!

Reply 





miketat
May 27, 2014 at 12:48 am 
These are great strategies if implement properly for any new product or brand. I was also looking for such kind of great stuff for proper marketing of my brand and got it here. Thanks for sharing such a useful post here Gray..

Reply 





Neil Patel
May 27, 2014 at 7:01 am 
Miketat, glad you liked it. Thanks for providing us with such great feedback :)

Reply 







Fernando Cuscuela
May 28, 2014 at 6:46 am 
Great examples. Creating buyer personas is definitely important before planning a launch strategy, this will greatly improve your success rate if you are targeting the right audience. Thanks for sharing!

Reply 





Neil Patel
May 28, 2014 at 7:21 am 
Fernando, glad we could help. Thanks for reading :)

Reply 







Rupal Sathavara
May 29, 2014 at 3:50 am 
The launch strategy of any new product is critical.Before consumers could try the product, however, it was important for any product to gain the support of its trade customers. Retailers needed to view it as accommodating in urging clients to visit their shops. In the event that the item had neglected to premium retailers and wholesalers, the expenses of venture would not have been met and they would not have supplied the item.

Reply 





Neil Patel
May 29, 2014 at 5:53 am 
Rupal, great points. I believe getting off on the right foot is essential for any long term strategy.

Reply 







Heidi Pungartnik
May 30, 2014 at 3:23 am 
Cool ideas, but wouldn’t share buttons on landing pages generally lower the conversion rates? I think post-conversion share incentives are more appropriate.

Reply 





A Morris
May 30, 2014 at 8:17 am 
The milestones point is interesting. In more ways than this, too, as I’ve been using it as a useful content creation technique. It’s very useful for creating new ideas, too. People tend to get behind such things.

Reply 





Lucy Barber
Jun 06, 2014 at 10:59 am 
Totally agree with you on it being an interesting point and more applicable than just the way it’s mentioned here :)
In thinking through the social sharing strategy for our product launch, we’re not only thinking about milestones that we as a company reach that we could share with our users, but also the milestones our users reach while in the app that they might benefit from sharing with their network. 
Canva does a nice job of sending out milestones for this sort of thing (when you reach X# of designs you get a badge for it) and they send an email, the graphics for which were designed in Canva no doubt, to the user as a congratulations. 
What other milestones were you thinking of?

Reply 







Richard Benson
Jun 01, 2014 at 9:42 am 
Phenomenal guide.  Read it 3 times already!  I just started implementing step one on my thank you page.

Reply 





Neil Patel
Jun 01, 2014 at 2:42 pm 
Richard, glad we could help. Please let us know if you need help with anything else :)

Reply 







Shagun
Jun 23, 2014 at 8:06 am 
Great guide! Has really helped as we are planning a product launch next month. I am definitely implementing these for our launch. 
Thanks!

Reply 





Celina
Dec 22, 2014 at 12:22 pm 
Great tips — especially the tactics on getting people to share via badges/banners/links on their blogs, and clicktotweet.com to promote.

Reply 





Jeremy
Jan 06, 2015 at 10:01 pm 
Thanks man. I love when you mentioned for easy to share, make it simple. And create the urgency to share and gain early access. Thats cool. Great advice

Reply 





Jay
May 20, 2015 at 6:00 am 
Does anybody know which software/3rd party vendors Upstanding and Robin Hood used for their referrals, or if they were developed in house?
Many thanks,
Jay

Reply 





Luke Yancey
Jul 11, 2016 at 9:40 am 
Thank you for mentioning unroll.me. My business has been swamped recently by mailing lists and I have been trying to figure out a way to unsubscribe from all of it. I think this is a good method, but it still sounds a little suspicious to me. I am afraid that if I sign up for it, it will start sending me spam as well! I’ll research it a little more and then give it try!

Reply 





Andreas Achatz
Nov 24, 2016 at 12:11 am 
Hey good Post.. but Paywithatweet is down? any alternatives?

Reply 




27 comments Cancel reply 
Comment Please use your real name and a corresponding social media profile when commenting. Otherwise, your comment may be deleted.Name * 
Email * 
Website 

eight
 − 

 = 








 

 




← Previous ArticleNext Article → 






Tweet
















Free Email Updates

Get the latest content first.


Comments








 



  
 




















Funds – Strategy Shares
































































 




























    Fund Family Overview    




















				Fund Family Overview			





 EcoLogical Strategy ETF
 US Equity Rotation Strategy ETF





 
				EcoLogical Strategy ETF	


The Fund is an actively managed exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) and, under normal conditions, invests at least 80% of its net assets (plus borrowings for investment purposes) in the securities of ecologically-focused companies.
Ecologically-focused companies are companies that have positioned their business to respond to increased environmental legislation, cultural shifts towards environmentally conscious consumption, and capital investments in environmentally oriented projects. These companies include all companies that are components of recognized environmentally-focused indices.







Download Fact Sheet





View Fund Performance









Investing in the Fund carries certain risks. The value of the Fund may decrease in response to the activities and financial prospects of an individual security in the Fund’s portfolio. The Fund is nondiversified and may invest a greater percentage of its assets in a particular issue and may own fewer securities than other mutual funds. The performance of the Fund may be subject to substantial short term changes. To the extent the Fund invests in the stocks of smaller-sized companies, the Fund may be subject to additional risks, including the risk that earnings and prospects of these companies are more volatile than larger companies. Smaller-sized companies may experience higher failure rates than larger companies and normally have lower trading volume than larger companies. These factors may affect the value of your investment. Investments in real estate investment trusts (REITS) involve special risks associated with an investment in real estate, such as limited liquidity and interest rate risks, and may be more volatile than other securities. There are no guarantees that dividend paying stocks will continue to pay dividends. In addition, dividend paying stocks may not experience the same capital appreciation potential as non-dividend.







 
				US Equity Rotation Strategy ETF	


The US Equity Rotation Strategy ETF is an actively managed exchange traded fund (“ETF”). Under normal market conditions, the ETF invests in companies that are organized in the US and included in the S&P Composite 1500, which is comprised of large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies. The ETF may over- or under-weight certain industry sectors and segments of the S&P Composite 1500, depending on which the managers believe to have the greatest or least potential for capital appreciation given the current market environment. This ETF may be appropriate for long-term investors looking for a unique approach to pursuing capital appreciation. It may provide an important overlay to the investor’s portfolio as the advisors seek to enhance performance through emphasizing the market sectors and segments believed most promising.
The Value in Sector Rotation
Different sectors within the S&P Composite 1500 typically outperform the market at various times. Market environments may cause certain sectors of businesses to perform more favorably than others. For instance, when technology companies are performing relatively well, financial companies may be taking a hit. The advisor attempts to identify the companies that may experience more profitability given the current economic cycle and overweight its portfolio in companies within that sector.







Download Fact Sheet





View Fund Performance









Investing in the Fund carries certain risks. The value of the Fund may decrease in response to the activities and financial prospects of an individual security in the Fund’s portfolio. To the extent the Fund invests in the stocks of smaller-sized companies, the Fund may be subject to additional risks, including the risk that earnings and prospects of these companies are more volatile than larger companies. Smaller-sized companies may experience higher failure rates than larger companies and normally have lower trading volume than larger companies. These factors may affect the value of your investment. Investments in international markets present special risks including currency fluctuation, the potential for diplomatic and political instability, regulatory and liquidity risks, foreign taxations and differences in auditing and other financial standards. Risks of foreign investing are generally intensified for investment in emerging markets. Derivatives are investments in which the value is “derived” from the value of an underlying asset, reference rate, or index. The value of derivatives may rise or fall more rapidly than other investments. For some derivatives, it is possible to lose more than the amount invested in the derivative. If the Fund uses derivatives to “hedge” the overall risk of its portfolio, it is possible that the hedge may not succeed. Options involve risks that are not suitable for all investors. No strategy, including option strategies, can eliminate risk. Options strategies in particular may result in the total loss of principal over a short period of time.



















 Request More Info

























 
 







 
 




 Contact

Strategy Shares, Inc. 
36 North New York Avenue
Huntington, NY 11743
info@strategysharesetfs.com
Phone: (855) 477-3837

 About
Strategy Shares seeks to expose market inefficiencies and make tactical adjustments to their holdings in order to potentially enhance returns and possibly lower overall portfolio risk.

 Disclosure
Strategy Shares are distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC. 



For more complete information on Strategy Shares, download and view a prospectus or summary prospectus now or call (855) 477-3837 for a free prospectus or summary prospectus. You should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses carefully before you invest. Information about these and other important subjects is in the fund’s prospectus or summary prospectus, which you should read carefully before investing. Investing involves risk, including loss of principal.  There is no guarantee that this, or any investment strategy, will succeed. Shares of these ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the ETF. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.







© 2016 STRATEGY SHARES. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. | Questions/Comments - Contact Strategy Shares Shareholder Services: 1-800-253-0412 Monday - Friday between 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. EST.












Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.






Send







  







Start typing and press Enter to search












StrategyShare 

























Login
Signup

















StrategyShare is a powerful strategy collaboration platform

                that makes creating and implementing a remarkable strategy for your organization
                
                easier than you ever imagined.
            








Create your organization’s strategy
Get everyone on the same page translating your strategy into action





Implement, manage, and improve your strategy roadmap
Seamlessly from an integrated central hub





Leverage measurement and gather insights
Engage everyone in discovering what delivers the greatest value





Achieve results and share your outcomes 
Show the impact you are creating for your customers, clients, and stakeholders













StrategyShare helps you and your team achieve your strategy’s objectives more efficiently.

Request a demo
Request a free trial







Discover how StrategyShare helps you build and implement a unique strategy for your organization




I want to.....
design, display, and communicate a compelling strategy for my organization, business unit, department, and/or team.


Strategy Maps

Translate your strategy into an actionable strategy execution roadmap with a strategy map.
                            Strategy maps are easy to create in StrategyShare. Making critical strategic choices clear ensures that everyone’s daily activities and business decisions are working in harmony to move your strategy forward quickly and efficiently.
                        




I want to.....
create a set of KPI’s to help us measure and manage our strategy. 


Strategy Scorecards

Seamlessly design scorecards and assemble the right indicators to get deep insight into the success and effectiveness of your strategy. 
                            Integration between strategy maps and scorecards puts your strategy at the heart of every scorecard with no extra effort. Indicator set up wizards help you make the right indicator creation decisions.
                        




I want to.....
have quick access to the information we need to manage our strategy, results, and outcomes more pro-actively.


performance Views

Performance Views displays all the information you need to implement and manage your strategy in a single, integrated view.
                            Stop wasting time pulling together strategy critical information! Performance Views integrates performance data, commentary, analysis, project and action plans, and critical strategy management information and knowledge and puts it together in one place. 
                        




I want to.....
help our team have more strategic conversations.   


performance Views

Performance Views gives people a head start in understanding the current situation for your strategy.
                            Making results data and expert commentary available to meeting attendees before performance review meetings makes your meeting discussions more productive. Finally – no more performance review meetings where you never spend time discussing the implications of performance on your strategy!
                        




I want to.....
be able to stay on top of all of the corrective action plans underway across our organization.


Action Plan Navigator

Get a consolidated view on all the action plans currently underway across your organization.
                            While you’ll see individual action plans in Performance Views, having a single view of all of the action plans being completed in your organization makes it easier to manage the time, effort, and resources being invested in improving the performance of your organization.
                        




I want to.....
prioritize our projects and initiatives and manage their completion more effectively.


Project/Initiative Navigator

Aligning strategic projects and initiatives with strategic objectives in StrategyShare helps you confirm that project/initiative completion will move your strategy forward.  
                            Our integrated project/initiative management module gives you a powerful tool for aligning projects and initiatives with your strategy, prioritizing resource allocations and work effort, and managing for project/initiative completion and success more proactively.
                        




I want to.....
capture the conversations and great ideas employees have to help us improve and move our strategy forward.


COMMENT AND DISCUSSION FORUMS

Engage your employees in discussions about the performance and progress of your strategy.
                            Fast and agile strategy execution can only be achieved when everyone in your organization contributes their ideas and comments, and shares their knowledge and success strategies with each other. StrategyShare makes it easy to make team members true partners in your success.  
                        




I want to.....
engage my team in exploring new opportunities, solving critical business issues, doing breakthrough thinking, and generating innovative solutions.


STRATEGY INNOVATION EXCHANGE

Give your team members an easy way to collaborate and contribute to accelerating your strategy’s progress and success.
                            Innovation is a combination of creative thinking and action. The Strategy Innovation Exchange offers a place for you and your employees to engage in the conversations and breakthrough thinking that move your strategy and organization forward. 
                        




I want to.....
make it easy for members of my team to manage the parts of the strategy they have accountability for.


Dashboard

Provide every team member with their custom gateway to your organization’s strategy and their contribution to its success. 
                            The StrategyShare dashboard is customized to quickly connect individual team members with the components of your strategy that they have access to and accountability for.
                        




I want to.....
have all the strategy-relevant information we might need for strategy success at our fingertips.


Knowledge Hub

Transforming performance results data into actionable performance information helps you achieve strategy management success.
                            Information links in StrategyShare give you and your team the ability to create and access a high value library of strategy-critical information resources. Blending knowledge with results data helps you develop deeper insights and take action faster.
                        








You and your team can create and execute your organization’s strategy with confidence!






Do it yourself.
StrategyShare’s built-in processes, templates, worksheets, and completion guidelines plus on-demand videos help you and your team create a powerful strategy and accelerate the achievement of results. StrategyShare is specifically designed to help you take a lighter, more nimble, and collaborative approach to strategy creation, implementation, and improvement.  





Let us help you.
Need help customizing your strategy, want advice or a technical review of your strategy map or scorecard, or just want a second opinion? Participate in our weekly live Q + A sessions or book a complementary one-on-one consultation with one of our strategy experts – we’re here to give you the help you need to achieve success! 







See what our customers say







'StrategyShare helps us ask and  answer the right business questions'
StrategyShare makes generating, executing on, and monitoring strategy easy and dare I say fun. The collaborative/consultative approach this software package provides forces users to ask all the right questions while developing and implementing strategy - delivering a well developed and aligned result. This is the complete package... years of consulting expertise bundled into an intuitive platform, at a fraction of the price of competitors. 5 stars across the board.

Chris Hill Director , Process Excellence , D + H
                        





'Simple to use and immediately impactful'
Strategy Share is a rock solid application for helping an executive get their arms around strategy execution.  It allowed us to create a strategy map and begin connecting the dots immediately in a way that actually surprised us. Basically, we have no excuse now as a team. We all know the game plan and we each understand our contributions to the strategy. If we don't execute we certainly can't blame the application!

Joe Clark CEO Prana Business LLc
                        













StrategyShare’s strategy management information and knowledge exchange forum helps everyone in your organization work together on what matters most - implementing your strategy, achieving results, and having an impact










Find out how StrategyShare helps organizations achieve results and make their mission a reality




Discover how here









Request a Demo








Let’s take a look at what the platform can do and chat No sales pitch. (Guaranteed)

All fields required*


Your Name :






Your Email :






Select Captcha :







Let’s Chat!














Request a Free Trial









Your Name :






Your Email :






Your Phone :






Your organization :






Number of employees :






Select Captcha :







Submit























﻿



Creating a Strategic Product Plan





























ALUMNI
BUY A COURSE


Alumni Home
BUY A COURSE






















                        Dashboard
                    



                        Tools and Templates
                    



                        Peer Recommendations
                    



                        Certifications
                    



                        Ask an Expert
                    


Logout 









                        Courses
                    



                        About Us
                    



                        Resources
                    



                        Find Us
                    


Logout 


























ALUMNI
BUY A COURSE


Alumni Home
BUY A COURSE













                            Profile 


                            Logout 












Resources




Articles




Creating a Strategic Product Plan








Creating a Strategic Product Plan

September 08, 2008


Most technology companies have a product management department serving as the “voice of the customer” and helping to better understand market needs.
This function typically generates an extensive roadmap of new products and enhancements, but is product management really being used strategically? For example, what is the product strategy that is driving roadmap priorities? And how is the product strategy linked to the company’s overall strategy?
Since most technology companies’ revenues come primarily from their products or services, you would think that the product strategy would be carefully crafted with the close scrutiny of the executive team and that it would be meticulously aligned with an overarching corporate strategy.
But this is often not the case. Without the engagement of the leadership team most responsible (and presumably most qualified) for determining strategy and direction, the risk is suboptimal financial performance at best, and complete company failure at worst. Let’s take a look at some practical approaches to making product management more strategic by engaging executives in key product strategy decisions and encouraging better corporate strategic planning.

The Strategic Product Plan
The essential goal of a product plan should be to ensure that a product is built that delivers some business value to a specific set of customers in order to meet certain financial goals based upon a defined corporate strategy. Successive plans should increase that product’s effectiveness in doing so. A product plan describes the market opportunity, profiles the target customers, specifies pricing, identifies the financial goals, indicates the key priorities for development and enhancement, and provides a roadmap for delivery for at least the next four quarters.
For a new product, a comprehensive MRD (Market Requirements Document) might well serve as the product plan.But each product that continues to be offered to customers should have a product plan updated every year. So, how does product management create a good product plan?
Let’s assume that the product management department is already managing several products that are currently serving customers. After getting feedback from customers, speaking with the sales teams, obtaining a list of the top technical support issues, surveying competitor positions and features, and receiving new ideas from development, the product management team has generated a list of possibly hundreds of potential product enhancements across the product line as well as some new product ideas. Project prioritization typically takes place next due to limited development resources.
Many companies apply some arbitrary prioritization scheme based upon the perceived number of times the feature/product has been requested or how much revenue they think the feature can generate. The product manager (or his development friends) may also make assumptions about value based upon how they think the product should be used. The product management team then creates a roadmap and a release schedule based upon these priorities and voila, the product plan is done, right? No, it certainly is not!
The product plan is not complete because the company’s strategy has not yet been considered. The executives who are chartered with running the company have not had an influence on the product plan. The plan is merely a reaction to a somewhat random set of market facts and events.So how exactly does the corporate strategy relate to the roadmap? Well, the goal of almost any technology company is to increase revenues.
Without a strategy to indicate HOW the company plans to increase revenue, then just about any product plan could arguably help the company achieve its goal, including the plan we just created. But with a strategy that specified how new revenue will be generated, a product plan tailored to supporting that strategy can then be developed.
For example, your company could plan to grow revenue by selling its flagship product into new geographic regions. Your company could plan to grow by establishing a new reseller channel. Your company could  grow by enhancing its existing products to appeal to a wider base of customers. Your company could plan to grow by developing new products that appeal to the existing customer base. Each of these decisions carries with it significant implications on the product plan.
Selling into new geographic regions would require local language support and may have other specific regional requirements. Selling through a reseller channel may require multi-tier administration and branding.Enhancing products to appeal to a wider customer base requires profiling that new customer and understanding his/her unique needs and requirements. And developing new products requires new analysis, requirements, design, and development work.
Thus, each of these strategies would result in a different prioritization of the projects on the product manager’s candidate list and a different allocation of resources. The product plan we created previously is reactionary and haphazard, while the product plan that responds to corporate strategy is directed and intentional.
So why aren’t corporate strategies incorporated into product plans? There are several possible reasons, but three of the most prevalent ones I have come across are: 1) no strategy exists, 2) the strategy has not been clearly communicated, or 3) the strategy appears inconsistent with market and customer data. Let’s analyze each in the following sections and propose some ways to solve them.
If no strategy exists, then one should be created. At one Internet Services company, the executive team employed a process where they reviewed and prioritized the top project requests every six weeks. This approach resulted in constantly shifting priorities since the highest priority projects were always related to the biggest sales opportunities at the time. Less critical product features never made the cut resulting in a product line that became increasingly uncompetitive. Without a driving strategy behind it, your company risks being jacked around by short-term opportunities.
Product management is in a good position to persuade executives to develop a high level strategy as part of the product planning process.Here are some key questions that product managers can ask executives to help with product planning that might very well stimulate some strategic discussions.

What are the top 3 most critical challenges our company will address this year?
In which geographic regions will we focus on selling our products?
Will there be any changes to the sales or channel strategy?
What are the revenue and profitability expectations for each product line?
Will there be any changes to the focus of marketing and advertising?
Are new markets or product lines being considered for the future?
What strategic partnerships are on the horizon?
What resource changes are expected for the coming year?

Now an astute executive may ask the product management team to answer or help answer many of these questions. And that makes some sense since product management sees market opportunities, has heard customer feedback first hand and has aggregated it from others, has tracked competitor’s moves, and has an in-depth view of their products’ financial trends. But at the same time you still want to leverage the knowledge and experience of the executive team and make sure they agree with the assumptions and logic being used.
Therefore, a practical approach to strategic planning could involve a meeting (or series of meetings) where product management presents their market and customer information to executives, who then have a chance to discuss what they have heard and how they think it should apply to the future of the company.
You could expand the discussion to include input from other functions like sales, marketing, and finance so that everyone is hearing key information that will lay the groundwork for the strategy. In a subsequent meeting, product management can replay the conclusions and decisions from the previous discussion(s) and then present a proposed product strategy that responds to them. Hopefully by then, a consensus on the strategy will be reached and the product management team (with the assistance of development) can then present an updated roadmap and proposed release schedule for the coming quarters for final review and approval.
The second reason why corporate strategies are not incorporated into product plans is that product managers don’t know about them or don’t understand them. It is certainly possible that an executive team will define a company strategy and then will succinctly describe that strategy in a form that can be handed down to all employees for successful execution. More typically however, the executive team communicates the strategy to their teams in a less formal fashion. Atone mid-sized software company, the executives felt that the strategy was too sensitive to share broadly and tried to share it on a “need-to-know” basis only. Most of their own employees were therefore in the dark about how to successfully execute the strategy.
The product management team is a key executor of the strategy. The will translate corporate strategy into product strategy and will create roadmaps that drive the work of many of the company’s employees. For product managers to thoroughly understand the corporate strategy is to significantly improve the odds of its successful execution. Thus, I would highly recommend that the entire executive team present the strategy directly to the product management team. This will facilitate the necessary dialogue and allow for a joint understanding of the implications to the product strategy. Product management should then be required to develop a product strategy and proposed roadmap and present back to the executive team to close the loop and ensure alignment with the corporate strategy.
The third reason why a corporate strategy may not be adequately incorporated into product plans is that the strategy itself appears to be inconsistent or contradict market and customer data heard by product managers. This is a likely result if the executive team developed their strategy without being adequately in touch with the market and customers.
If the product management team is being utilized appropriately, then they will be serving as the “headlights” of the company driving the front-end of the product development process and thus they will be spending the majority of their time discovering market opportunities, customer needs, technology trends and competitor positions. Now executives should always make it a part of their jobs to speak with customers and to review market trends.
But to ensure they hear the wealth of available market and customer information, it should be considered a prerequisite to developing the corporate strategy to have the product management team present a review of what they have learned.
You may have noticed that in all three of the cases where corporate strategies are not adequately integrated into product plans, we found that the solution was direct communications between product management and the executive team. Product management can help to educate senior executives with their market and customer knowledge, can help mold the strategy, and must also hear it first-hand so that they can properly execute it. However, there are reasons why this direct communication does not occur.
It is quite common for the product management team to report to a VP of Marketing or a VP of Product Development who represents them at senior-level meetings. These are broad functions with many responsibilities. Marketing executives are often measured and rewarded on driving revenue (with sales) for the company.
Product development executives are expected to deliver quality products on schedule. Now I am admittedly oversimplifying here, as many good executives will make decisions with a big picture perspective on business priorities beyond their direct responsibilities. But there are some general tendencies based upon short-term rewards and there are limits to a person’s time and attention. So when sitting at the strategy planning table, what types of things are they most concerned with? How well do they understand customer needs and market opportunities? Is profitability one of their primary concerns? Are they concerned with short-term or long-term issues? In other words, will they be good representatives of the market and will they push to defend the bottom-line?
This brings us to a broader issue at many technology companies. Who is actually concerned with profitability and the balancing short and long-term goals? Who is ensuring that every key decision is being made with key business goals in mind? In short, who is minding the store? For most functionally-aligned technology companies comprised of sales, marketing, operations/support, development, and finance, the lowest level of management where accountability exists for profitability and long-term strategic issues is amazingly the COO, if one exists, or the CEO if not. Think about it. The sales organization is primarily concerned with revenue and tends to be short-term focused. Marketing typically supports sales objectives. Operations and support keep the services running well, maintain customer satisfaction and are primarily cost centers. Development focuses on delivering quality products on schedule and is also managed as an expense. Finance tracks revenues and costs but is in a limited position to influence them.
So, who is thinking about profitability and achieving long-term goals? If it is nobody other than the CEO or COO, then there is a real danger that the myriad of decisions made every day by managers across the company will not be made with the right focus.
One increasingly popular solution I am seeing employed is to elevate the role of the product management function, given its critical strategic responsibilities, and have it report directly to the COO or CEO (or for larger companies, the relevant business-accountable executive). This makes product management a direct member of the leadership team making strategic decisions about the business.
This product management function will be chartered with providing market intelligence to inform the executive team, managing product profitability, and determining and driving product strategy consistent with corporate strategy. This function becomes a resource for the CEO/COO/business leader to explore and manage long-term opportunities. It is the function that has P&L responsibility and will drive business decisions deeper into the organization. It is a function that gives business leaders greater control over the plans that drive so many of the resources of the company, the roadmaps and product plans.
Since product management is in such an influential position to execute the strategy, and needs to work with so many of the other functional organizations during product development and delivery, it may be desirable to include other cross-functional delivery teams in this function as well, for example project managers and business analysts. Some companies create a “Products” organization reporting tot he CEO/COO that has a general manager heading up each major product line with product management, product marketing, business analysts, and project management reporting into it.
In one case I have seen, a large enterprise software company initially had their product management department report into the product development organization. When they felt they weren’t being market focused enough, they moved it under marketing. When product requirements appeared to be chasing short-term sales opportunities, they eventually settled on an independent products organization such as the one just described.
One cautionary note. It may be tempting to use this new organization to manage all issues related to the product and to stuff it with too many related functions. Care must be applied to keep it motivated to improve P&L and stay market focused. It would be tempting to say that if there is a quality problem, give it to the products organization to fix. If revenue is slipping below its goals, have the products organization investigate. If a big customer is having a problem, give it to the products group to handle. In a product company, most issues are product issues. Having the products organization handle all of them will create a bottleneck and will divert resources away from its primary job, to be the eyes and ears of the company to the market. The other functions of the company are accountable for issues such as product quality (development), revenue (sales and marketing), and customer issues (support). So let them handle it.
The Strategic Planning Process
So let’s step back and take a look at what an end-to-end product planning cycle might look like when integrated with the company’s strategic planning cycle. Assuming that a company resets its corporate strategy, financial plans, and product plans once per year, the planning process would ideally occur during the 3rd and 4th quarters of the fiscal year in preparation for the upcoming year.
The five basic steps in the planning process (as depicted in figure 1) are:


Market review


Financial review


Corporate strategy


Product strategy


Product Roadmap and Release schedules




During the first step, product management presents a market review to executive management sharing facts on market trends and opportunities, key customer needs, and competitor moves and positions.Though product management will keep tabs throughout the year on many of these items, this is the opportunity to update the information to make sure it is complete and current. Other functions may be invited to provide their perspectives on the market and customers as well.
During the financial review phase, the finance organization presents results on the financial performance for the company overall, for its sales channels and for its products. Providing revenue and profitability by product is critical to making good product decisions and developing effective strategies.
The next step is where the company’s executive team outlines its corporate strategy in terms of its vision, financial goals and its plan for achieving those goals. The corporate strategy should be explicitly presented to the product management team to facilitate development of a product strategy. For some smaller businesses, steps 3 and 4 may be combined into a single step.
During step 4, product management develops its product strategy considering market dynamics, customer needs, financial goals, and corporate strategy. It specifies what changes to the products are needed and indicates the financial plan for each product area. The product strategy should be reviewed by the executive team to ensure alignment with the corporate strategy before proceeding to the next step.
The final step involves the development of a product roadmap and more detailed release plans for the coming quarters consistent with the product strategy. This roadmap becomes the official “product plan of record” and should be managed with formal change control procedures.This step is executed at the conclusion of the annual planning cycle and is repeated every 3 or 4 months to allow responses to changing market conditions and deployment schedules and should be re-approved by executive management.
Conclusion
For a product or services technology company, the success of the company is determined by the success of its products. Effective product plans address market and customer needs AND support the company’s growth strategy. Creating effective product plans can only be accomplished with strong communications between the product management team and the executive team because:


Product management has critical market information that executives need to develop effective strategies;


Product management can help develop strategies by asking key questions and discussing product implications; and


Product management must clearly understand the company’s objectives and direction in order to create product strategies and roadmaps that will help them to be achieved.


By leveraging the product management team as a strategic resource, you will ensure that your products have been influenced by the best minds and information your company has available and you will gain greater control in driving your company’s success.
 
Learn more. Download our eBooks here.






Looking for the latest in product management news, articles, webinars, podcasts and more?

SUBSCRIBE NOW




















