

Stratos Wealth Partners



























Advisors







Clients







LPL Account View










Check the background of your financial professional on 
                    FINRA's BrokerCheck

Securities offered through LPL Financial, member 
                    FINRA
                    /
                    SIPC.
                
Business Continuity Plan Disclosure Statement
Investment advice offered through Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd., a registered investment advisor and a separate entity from LPL Financial. The LPL Financial representative associated with this website may discuss and/or transact securities business only with residents of the following states: AL, AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, ME, MD, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NC, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV and WY











﻿






























Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. Acquires 171 Shares of Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Deere & Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Deere & Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Analysts Set Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Price Target at $11.50
State Street Corp Acquires 17,021 Shares of Banner Corporation (BANR)
Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Position Increased by AQR Capital Management LLC
Bp Plc Maintains Position in Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST)
Legal & General Group Plc Increases Stake in HNI Corporation (HNI)
R.M.SINCERBEAUX Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Target Corporation (TGT)
Renasant Corporation (RNST) Shares Bought by Bank of America Corp DE
Legal & General Group Plc Cuts Position in Aircastle Limited (NYSE:AYR)
California Public Employees Retirement System Has $2.81 Million Stake in American Railcar Industries, Inc. (ARII)
Guidewire Software, Inc. (NYSE:GWRE) Shares Bought by State Street Corp
Bridgewater Associates LP Sells 26,415 Shares of Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX)
Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:SASR) Position Raised by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC
State Street Corp Has $54.62 Million Position in Chesapeake Lodging Trust (NYSE:CHSP)
Boston Financial Mangement LLC Reduces Stake in Dominion Energy Inc. (NYSE:D)
Bank of America Corp DE Reduces Position in Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC)
State Street Corp Cuts Position in Visteon Corporation (VC)
Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Shares Bought by Hartland & Co. LLC
Deltic Timber Corporation (DEL) Stake Raised by Legal & General Group Plc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Cuts Petrofac Limited (PFC) Price Target to GBX 572
Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. Acquires 171 Shares of Deere & Company (NYSE:DE)







Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. Acquires 171 Shares of Deere & Company (NYSE:DE)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. boosted its position in  Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) by 3.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 5,459 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 171 shares during the period. Stratos Wealth Partners LTD.’s holdings in Deere & were worth $594,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its stake in  Deere & by 5.6% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 10,120 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,043,000 after buying an additional 540 shares during the last quarter.  Vident Investment Advisory LLC raised its position in  Deere & by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 12,901 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,329,000 after buying an additional 753 shares during the period.  Dodge & Cox acquired a new position in  Deere & during the fourth quarter worth $2,678,000.  Quadrature Capital Ltd acquired a new position in  Deere & during the fourth quarter worth $26,810,000.  Finally, RMB Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  Deere & during the fourth quarter worth $341,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  67.33% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Deere & Company alerts:



Deere & Company (NYSE:DE) opened at 125.75 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $40.22 billion, a PE ratio of 22.64 and a beta of 0.66. Deere & Company has a 12-month low of $76.73 and a 12-month high of $129.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $125.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $114.11. 





Deere & (NYSE:DE) last issued its earnings results on Friday, May 19th. The industrial products company reported $2.49 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.70 by $0.79. The business had revenue of $7.26 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.27 billion. Deere & had a return on equity of 24.85% and a net margin of 6.52%. Deere &’s revenue was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.56 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Deere & Company will post $6.30 EPS for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a dividend of $0.60 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.91%. Deere &’s dividend payout ratio  is 43.24%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/stratos-wealth-partners-ltd-acquires-171-shares-of-deere-company-nysede-updated.html. 
Several analysts recently weighed in on the company. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on Deere & from $122.00 to $135.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Vetr upgraded shares of Deere & from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $118.76 target price for the company in a report on Monday, March 27th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $132.00 target price on shares of Deere & and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Barclays PLC  reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $82.00 target price (up from $80.00) on shares of Deere & in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Citigroup Inc.  restated a “positive” rating on shares of Deere & in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned  a hold rating, eleven have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $122.24.
In related news, insider Cory J. Reed sold 5,840 shares of Deere & stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $119.59, for a total transaction of $698,405.60. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,807 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,292,409.13. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Cory J. Reed sold 4,936 shares of Deere & stock in a transaction dated Friday, June 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $128.00, for a total value of $631,808.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 9,903 shares in the company, valued at $1,267,584. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 105,612 shares of company stock valued at $13,149,023. 0.75% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
About Deere &
Deere & Company is engaged in equipment operations. The Company is engaged in providing financial services. The Company operates through three business segments: agriculture and turf, construction and forestry, and financial services. The agriculture and turf segment manufactures and distributes a line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts.







Receive News & Ratings for Deere & Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deere & Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd. of Beverly Hills - Fiduciary Investing








































 






Stratos Wealth Partners | Olympus Wealth Partners, Inc.



































Beachwood Office3750 Park East Dr. #200 Beachwood, OH 44122(440) 505-5744San Diego Office12340 El Camino Real San Diego, CA 92130(858) 345-2722






Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd.





About Stratos Wealth PartnersStratos Wealth Partners, Ltd. is an independent, partner-owned and operated Registered Investment Advisory (RIA) firm that places client interests at the forefront of every decision made and action taken.We know that managing your wealth and planning for important goals like retirement, estate planning or the sale of a business can be complex and time consuming. Sound decisions require extensive research, expertise and coordination across multiple financial disciplines. And effective outcomes require a partner you can trust to bring the right experience and resources to bear as you pursue your individual goals.At Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd., we define our success by assisting you in achieving your goals as we afford you an opportunity to experience wealth planning on an entirely new level.Headquartered in Beachwood, Ohio, we have more than 215 affiliated LPL Financial wealth advisors located in 22 states throughout the United States.We boast an infrastructure of an additional 75 executive and support professionals, all of whom assist our advisors in the execution of services and solutions for our clients.Our significant scale and national resources enable our advisors to deliver the highest caliber service, select among the industry’s broadest product platform and develop truly innovative solutions as they build long-term, personal client relationships on a local level.Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd. provides a comprehensive suite of services for managing both your personal wealth and business planning needs. No matter what your financial needs may be, we can bring the required resources together to address them.Our Wealth Management Advisors are well-versed in analytics, asset allocation models and risk management. Your advisor works for you as a full partner and advocate for your success. We offer the following services that seek to help you grow and protect your assets and facilitate their transfer among family members and heirs. We will help you develop clear goals and a concrete plan for pursuing them.LPL AffiliationThe Financial Advisors at Stratos Wealth Partners are affiliated with LPL Financial, the nation’s largest independent broker-dealer, an RIA custodian and an independent consultant to retirement plans. LPL provides proprietary technology and client solutions through comprehensive compliance and clearing services, independent research, practice management and training. Its network consists of more than 14,000 financial advisors and approximately 800 financial institutions across the country. 









 


May 2017 Newsletter 


 


Take the guesswork out of your financial future by pinpointing your Risk Number. Four out of five investors have more risk than they know*.  Analyze and understand your risk tolerance through this brief questionnaire. Find out if your current portfolio fits your individualized risk tolerance. * Kahneman, D., & Smith, V. (2002). Foundations of Behavioral and Experimental Economics. Nobel Prize in Economics Documents, 1. and Riskalyze Risk Tolerance Study (September 2014)


 


Midyear Outlook 2017: A Shift in Market Control


 


Weekly Market CommentaryEach week the LPL Financial Research team assembles thoughtful insight on market and economic news. Download Market Commentary  Download Economic Commentary 


 





Sign up for my Newsletter




Name 

Email 

Sign Up

Thank you!
Error processing your request. Please try again at a later time.
























 




About Us | Stratos Wealth Partners



































866.553.9882Recruiter PortalAccount View






Stratos Wealth Partners



            866-553-9882
email@stratoswealthpartners.com

 Stratos Wealth Partners is an independent, partner owned and operated Registered Investment Advisory (RIA) firm that places client interests at the forefront of every decision made and action taken.We know that managing your wealth and planning for important goals like retirement, estate planning or the sale of a business can be complex and time consuming. Sound decisions require extensive research, expertise and coordination across multiple financial disciplines. And effective outcomes require a partner you can trust to bring the right experience and resources to bear as you pursue your individual goals.At Stratos Wealth Partners, we define our success by assisting you in achieving your goals as we afford you an opportunity to experience wealth planning on an entirely new level.Headquartered in Beachwood, Ohio, we have more than 125 affiliated LPL Financial wealth advisors located throughout the United States.We boast an infrastructure of an additional 75 executive and support professionals, all of whom assist our advisors in the execution of services and strategies for our clients.Our significant scale and national resources enable our advisors to deliver the highest caliber service, select among the industry’s broadest product platform and develop truly innovative strategies as they build long-term, personal client relationships on a local level.



 


Weekly Market CommentaryEach week the LPL Financial Research team assembles thoughtful insight on market and economic news.    Download Market Commentary     Download Economic Commentary 


 


get started todaymore info


 


Have A Question?




Name 

Email 

Address
Question 




Thank you!
Oops!























 







Products & Services | Stratos Wealth Partners


































   






Products & Services





We offer a full range of personalized services to assist you in managing day to day financial and non-financial matters. By combining technology with institutional capabilities, we can help coordinate the overall family lifestyle plan, designed to identify and execute on opportunities to preserve and enhance your wealth.Investments/Financial Planning ServicesFundamentum – Redefining DiversificationTraditional InvestingCash Management & BankingFinancial AnalysisInvestment Consulting, Due Diligence and OversightEstate, Education, Philanthropic, and Legacy PlanningRisk Management / Insurance Review and CoordinationIncome and Estate Tax PlanningSuccession PlanningTrust PlanningWe help you navigate the choices your company provides both while working and in retirement.Corporate Services Retirement Plans401k planning403b planningMoney Purchasing plansProfit Sharing PlansBuy/Sell agreementsKey man purchasesCross purchase agreementsCorporate employee services401(k) plan contribution and investment decisionsOn-going financial educationRetirement distribution planningPension distribution options:  Lump sum vs. RolloverStock planning:  Options, Stock Purchase Plans, Restricted Stock Units (RSU)Net Unrealized AppreciationPre-59 ½ retirement distribution planningOptimizing Social Security decisionsRoth 401(k) and IRA analysisSelecting corporate insurance coverage for life, long-term care and long-term disabilityIntegrating your company plan with your personal financial planPrepare you for the eventual transition to independence from your company and company benefits 









 





Sign up for my Newsletter




Name 

Email 

Sign Up

Thank you!
Error processing your request. Please try again at a later time.



 


Weekly Market CommentaryEach week the LPL Financial Research team assembles thoughtful insight on market and economic news. Download Market Commentary  Download Economic Commentary 


 


Download Our Free AppWe’ve built a handy mobile app that allows you to ask us questions on-the-go and to receive helpful notifications.  



























Stratos Wealth Partners (Utah) - Welcome















5929 S. Fashion Pointe Dr. #204  Ogden, UT 84403
        Toll-free  855-371-0551 
        Main local direct  801-917-6398 
 
 









HomeAbout UsOur FirmOur TeamAbout LPL FinancialStratos DifferenceAt-A-GlanceObjectivityConsultative ApproachResourcesIndependence Client CommitmentServicesFinancial PlanningInvestment ManagementRetirement PlanningInsurance & Risk ManagementEducation PlanningEstate PlanningTrust ServicesFoundations and EndowmentsResearchMarket SummaryQuotesPortfoliosMutual FundsCalculatorsClient Center Account AccessNewslettersWeekly Market CommentaryTax InformationTax CalendarTax Forms LibraryTax OrganizerTax PublicationsRecommended LinksNewsRecent CoverageBecome A ClientRequest a MeetingSend an emailContact Us



Welcome to Stratos Wealth Partners
At Stratos Utah, our experienced financial advisors provide truly objective advice coupled with unconstrained access to the investment managers, financial products and custom strategies that best fit your investment, retirement and risk management needs in a friendly, client focused environment. 
Higher Expectations

Whether you seek assistance in managing your personal finances or gaining efficiencies across both personal and business planning, we can help. Our approach seeks to elevate all aspects of the financial and investment management experience for clients seeking more personalized service and innovative thought leadership. Learn more
Broader Perspectives

As a client, you will benefit from our professional experience, education and knowledge gained over multiple market and economic cycles and across financial disciplines. We believe this combination of professional expertise results in an unsurpassed understanding of the financial marketplace and the resources required to help you meet your goals. Learn more


We invite you to find out why so many individuals, families and business owners rely on us to develop effective strategies designed to protect and grow their wealth. Learn more

   			      Watch Video
 







home | 
about | 
services | 
client center |
news |
contact us

Copyright   Stratos Wealth Partners.  All rights reserved.

Securities offered through LPL Financial, member  FINRA /  SIPC. Investment advice offered through Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd., a registered investment advisor and a separate entity from LPL Financial.
The LPL Financial representative associated with this website may discuss and/or transact securities business only with residents of the following states: Utah














About Us - Stratos Wealth Partners









































































 





 



























 







GoingIndependent ▼

Why Go Independent
Why Join an Established Firm

The StratosAdvantage ▼

Transition Support
Compliance Services
IT Support
Finance & Commissions
HR Consulting
Marketing Services
Business Consulting
Fundamentum
Financial Planning

News &Events
For FinancialInstitutions
About Us ▼

History
Leadership
What We Do
Our Culture

Contact Us
Find AnAdvisor
 


 




About Us

How Stratos is Different














The Stratos Difference

Stratos Wealth Partners is an independent, partner owned and operated Registered Investment Advisory (RIA) firm that places client interests at the forefront of every decision made and action taken.
We know that managing your wealth and planning for important goals like retirement, estate planning or the sale of a business can be complex and time consuming. Sound decisions require extensive research, expertise and coordination across multiple financial disciplines. And effective outcomes require a partner you can trust to bring the right experience and resources to bear as you pursue your individual goals.
At Stratos Wealth Partners, we define our success by assisting you in achieving your goals as we afford you an opportunity to experience wealth planning on an entirely new level.

Headquartered in Beachwood, Ohio, we have more than 215 affiliated LPL Financial wealth advisors located throughout the United States.
We boast an infrastructure of an additional 50 executive and support professionals, all of whom assist our advisors in the execution of services and strategies for our clients.
Our significant scale and national resources enable our advisors to deliver the highest caliber service, select among the industry’s broadest product platform and develop truly innovative strategies as they build long-term, personal client relationships on a local level.



 



 

							225+

Happy Advisors




 



At Stratos Wealth Partners, we define our success by assisting you in achieving your goals as we afford you an opportunity to experience wealth planning on an entirely new level.






Jeffrey Concepcion
Founder and CEO













Learn More 
Contact us for more information on how to declare your independence with Stratos Wealth Partners.


 Contact Us
 













 Securities offered through LPL Financial, member FINRA/SIPC.
Investment advice offered through Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd., a registered investment advisor and a separate entity from LPL Financial. The LPL Financial representative associated with this website may discuss and/or transact securities business only with residents of the following states: AL, AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, ME, MD, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NC, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV and WY
 



 Are you ready to declare your independence?
Contact us today for more information on partnering with Stratos Wealth Partners.

 









				© 2017 by Stratos Wealth Partners. All rights reserved.			









Privacy Policy
Sitemap
 




 









































Stratos Wealth Partners Home - Join Us as an Independent Advisor










































































 





 



























 







GoingIndependent ▼

Why Go Independent
Why Join an Established Firm

The StratosAdvantage ▼

Transition Support
Compliance Services
IT Support
Finance & Commissions
HR Consulting
Marketing Services
Business Consulting
Fundamentum
Financial Planning

News &Events
For FinancialInstitutions
About Us ▼

History
Leadership
What We Do
Our Culture

Contact Us
Find AnAdvisor
 


 




Home














 
























 





STRATOS WEALTH PARTNERS
Entrepreneurs Helping Entrepreneurs

How We Serve Our Partners
Stratos Wealth Partners is a partner run organization that specializes in the practice and execution of comprehensive financial planning and implementation services. The firm is structured as a network of distinguished, experienced financial services practitioners spread throughout the country. Please explore our site and learn more about the services we offer to our partners.





 

TRANSITION SUPPORT
 






 

COMPLIANCE SERVICES
 






 

IT SUPPORT
 






 

Real Estate Solutions
 






 

HR CONSULTING
 






 

MARKETING SERVICES
 






 

BUSINESS CONSULTING 






 

FUNDAMENTUM
 











WHAT OUR ADVISORS ARE SAYING



 



Within the immense and impersonal world of financial services, Stratos Wealth Partners provides a family. Far beyond industry requirements, Jeff Concepcion and his team consistently go the extra mile to provide the personal care and support that makes us successful. At every bend in the road, they are there to give us wisdom, advice, encouragement, and practical assistance. The team at Stratos Wealth Partners strives to know us, and our personal challenges, and to provide the concierge care and focus we need to succeed. Our success is a direct reflection of the relationship we have with Stratos Wealth Partners.






Frank and Sheri Bautz
Wealth Advisors







 



About half way thru my career it became clearly evident to me in order to take our practice to the next level, we needed to align with a firm that had the tools to do so. Stratos had the people and processes in place to truly assist us with practice development. Too often people in our industry never run a practice like a business. The Stratos team has given us the tools and knowledge to create a true business structure. The ongoing coaching and mentoring has been an invaluable resource for our firm.






Chad Boreman
Wealth Advisor







 



From the beginning of my time with Stratos, Jeff Concepcion and his team at the home office have been true partners in my business. Their willingness to help and the sincerity shown, has never waivered. Stratos goes above and beyond in order to try to provide everything that I need for my business and my clients. The Stratos staff really does make the difference.






Greg David
Founding Partner | Wealth Advisor










THE POWER OF GROWTH






Home – PartnersPARTNERS





Home – OfficesOFFICES IN 28 STATES





Home – AUMBILLION IN BROKERAGE & ADVISORY ASSETS*





Home – Office EmployeesHOME OFFICE EMPLOYEES





*As of 3/31/2017





STRATOS WELCOMES OUR NEWEST PARTNERS



 





Lisa M. Rossi, CFP®
CEO | President, Stratos Wealth Advisory Group







 





Sean Laughlin
Managing Director - Louisiana







 





Mike Rogers
Wealth Advisor















OUR STRATEGIC PARTNERS


















































 Securities offered through LPL Financial, member FINRA/SIPC.
Investment advice offered through Stratos Wealth Partners, Ltd., a registered investment advisor and a separate entity from LPL Financial. The LPL Financial representative associated with this website may discuss and/or transact securities business only with residents of the following states: AL, AK, AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, ME, MD, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NC, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV and WY
 



 Are you ready to declare your independence?
Contact us today for more information on partnering with Stratos Wealth Partners.

 









				© 2017 by Stratos Wealth Partners. All rights reserved.			









Privacy Policy
Sitemap
 




 







































