

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 







Personalized Wealth Management | Strategic Wealth Partners














































 





















Client Logins
For Advisors
Contact
 Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
 




Menu














Search






MONEY DOESN’T HAVE TO BE COMPLICATED.Are you confused by most financial advice? If so, you’re not alone.What Makes Us Different 




Effective Game Plan






Advice in Common Language






Straightforward Fees





Download one of our free resources.




































Get more Insights










FORBES TOP-RANKED TEAM

















People deserve to understand what’s happening with their money.
Have you ever sat across from a financial advisor and only understood every third word they were saying? And yet they were talking about your money, your life, and your future.
At Strategic Wealth Partners, we believe clients should understand everything that is happening with their money; that advisors should be just as good about explaining investments as they are at making them.


What are you going to do with my money?


First, we’re going to get to know you and discuss what’s most important to you. We’re going to figure out your goals and the outcomes you’d like to achieve with this money. We’ll do this by establishing your Family Index Number, which is the rate of return needed on your investments in order to pursue those outcomes. After we determine your Family Index Number, we allocate your money to our various investment strategies designed to help you pursue those goals.


Can you handle the complexity of my situation? 


We work with a wide variety of clients – everyone from high net worth investors to those who are just starting out. While each family gets a personalized allocation strategy, we’ve helped thousands of families navigate their complex financial needs and guided them through life’s major decisions.


How can you make my life easier?


As your trusted advisor, we’re focused on adding convenience and simplicity to your lives. We will make sure you’re educated on your investments and how we manage your money – as much or as little information as you’d like.
Whether you’re investing hundreds or millions, at Strategic Wealth Partners we’re about much more than results – we’re about helping you understand where those results have come from and why the strategy works. If you’re tired of the mystery of investing and want to know exactly what’s happening with your money, schedule an appointment today.





Discover the right investment strategy for you.
Tell us a little more about your investment objectives and level of comfort with risk.





By what percentage do you expect your portfolio to grow
annually over the long-term (10+ years)?


0-2% 2-4% 4-6% 6-8% 8% +Next



How to get started.






1. Schedule an appointment






2. Meet with us for a custom listening session






3. Get your personalized strategy





Schedule an appointment    Watch video





Schedule an appointment.
Please provide your name and email and we will have an advisor contact you.













First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone Number*






Our financial planning services are built on trust, transparency and accountability.
Our experienced team of professionals will develop a personalized plan that gives you the power – and a path – to realize your dreams.Explore services



Portfolio Management
Our disciplined investment management process is driven by our team of research analysts and our Investment Committee. Learn more
Risk Management
With life, long-term care and disability coverage, our insurance specialists help you identify risks and appropriate coverage for your financial situation. Learn more
Tax Planning
We have a team of in-house CPA’s that offer tax planning services and tips on how you can save money in the future. Learn more







Wealth Planning
Through our team of wealth planning professionals, your wealth plan will always remain up-to-date and relevant to your unique goals and objectives. Learn more
Estate Planning
Our estate planning team is here to help you understand how your assets will be distributed under your current estate plan and existing tax law. Learn more




Personalized Wealth Management
The word “wealth” means different things to different people. While our society often views in terms of personal net worth, it is interesting to note that the origin of the word “wealth” included the concept of overall well-being in all areas of one’s life. We believe this concept of wealth is valid in our world today. While each of us may have our own definition of wealth, we all seek balance, a state of well-being in our lives, and particularly, in our financial lives.
Our mission at Strategic Wealth Partners is to help our clients define, plan and work toward achieving well-being in their financial lives. In our view, every client is unique and the financial outcomes they hope and strive for are theirs, alone. With the understanding that finances impact virtually every area of one’s life, we believe that one of our most important roles is to help clients define and prioritize the financial outcomes they hope for, before moving to the practical application of investment management and planning techniques.
Our team provides the highest level of service for our local and national clients in financial planning and investment management. Contact us today and learn how Strategic Wealth Partners can help you pursue the True Wealth and financial well-being you seek.






INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Disciplined investment strategies are the foundation of our investment management process. Our time-tested strategies are designed to meet a variety of investment goals and objectives.
Read more






WEALTH PLANNING
Through our team of wealth planning professionals, your wealth plan will always remain up-to-date and relevant to your unique goals and objectives.
Read more






Our Locations
Located in Doylestown, Pennsylvania, we provide the highest level of service for our local and national clients in financial planning and investment management. Contact us today and learn how we can help you pursue the financial well-being you seek.
Read more









Insights
Strategic Wealth Partners’s team of professionals provide you with transparent and proactive communications to equip you with the knowledge you need. Read more



Market CommentaryWeekly Market Commentary July 24, 2017Earnings season is off to a good start with major indices up almost every day of the week. Additionally, the Bank of Japan’s decision to again push back the target date to reach its inflation goal and the ECB standing pat on stimulus pushed Asian and European exchanges higher. The S&P 500 rose 0.5% and our global benchmark, the MSCI ACWI, climbed 0.6%. Both indexes hit all-time records on Thursday. The Bloomberg BarCap U.S. Aggregate Bond Index increased 0.6%.
 Read more
Video2017 3rd Quarter Outlook VideoYour Carson Institutional Alliance Investment Committee discusses market updates from the past quarter and provides an outlook on the upcoming quarter. Contact us to speak with a Wealth Advisor.
 Read more
Monthly NewsletterJuly Monthly Newsletter – Midyear Financial CheckupSix months ago, many Americans set realistic and achievable financial resolutions for 2017. Now that we’ve crossed the halfway point of 2017, it’s time for a financial checkup. Much like your biannual dentist appointment, it’s important to track your progress to determine if changes need to be made to your plan to achieve your financial goals and resolutions.
 Read more
BlogHow to Avoid the Top 3 Financial Fears ...You’ve worked hard for your money and during your retirement years, you want to have confidence that you can enjoy it. However, many retirees have common concerns as they move from asset accumulation to asset preservation. “Am I spending too much?” “Have I set aside enough for long-term care?” “Will I outlive my assets?” These are all questions many retirees think about.  Read more
News3 Key Financial Events to Watch In 2017Published By Brett Carson
Last year saw financial markets alternating between an uneasy calm and turbulence, with 2017 expecting much of the same. Developed markets are facing a paradigm shift as the U.K. initiates its exit from the European Union and the United States’ transition to the Trump administration brings political and policy risks to the fore. Read more
InfographicLong-Term CareDo you know someone who has recently been dignosed with dementia or is currently living with this disease? Watching a loved one lose their independence, memories and financial well-being is very difficult. It’s important to know there are many resources and tools available to you. This infographic shares 10 ways you can help your loved ones financially prepare for the impact of dementia. Read more
WhitepaperLong-Term CareOur goal is to make your life easier. Caring for a loved one with Alzheimer’s or dementia can be highly stressful for caregivers and family members. Providing answers on how to financially prepare for these conditions is one way we can help. Read this guide for tips on how to prepare for the physical, financial and emotional impact of Alzheimer’s or dementia.
Download Whitepaper




Blog post
Three Reasons to Consider Active ManagementPublished by Brett Carson
Trends are pervasive in our culture, and the investment world is no different. The latest is the move towards passive investing using low-cost ETFs. Essentially, the argument is that nobody can consistently beat the overall market, so you’re better off owning a cheap index fund with the aim of just keeping pace with it.  Read more







Weekly Market Commentary
Weekly Market Commentary July 17, 2017Headline CPI for June came in at 1.6%, down from 1.9% the previous month. Fed’s chair Yellen reiterated her confidence about the U.S. economy, but noted that the committee, “…stands ready to adjust policy if it appears the inflation undershoot appears consistent.” The less hawkish tone sent the U.S. equity markets higher. The S&P 500 climbed 1.4%. Global stocks, represented by the MSCI ACWI, soared 2.1% and the Bloomberg BarCap U.S. Aggregate Bond Index rose 0.4%.
 Read more















×












×









 

















A Resource in Building Your Financial Success. | Westpac Wealth Partners




























Skip to main content





MENU















Login
Search
 



AboutWho We Are
Our Mission & Commitment
Our Leadership Team
FINRA BrokerCheck

StrategiesOur Client Experience
Medical Professionals
Business Owner Solutions
Professional Athletes
Personal Solutions

News & EventsNewsletter
Events Calendar

CareersWhy WSP
Apply

ContactLocations

 












 


Wealth Strategy Partners
Elevate your financial experience with Wealth Strategy Partners. We are family and business strategists for successful entrepreneurs, professionals, executives, physicians and dentists.
payday loans direct lenders top 10
 

Learn More


  

 


Business Owners
Success is the result of a well-designed future. Our business is to protect what you have built and help you enjoy the fruits of your labor.
thewsp.com/90-day-loans-no-credit-check-direct-lenders
 

Learn More


  

 


Medical Professionals
Wealth Strategy Partners can treat your financial needs and future. One of our top priorities is to address the unnecessary risk that is present in the vast majority of physician’s financial plans.
thewsp.com/online-loans-direct-lenders-bad-credit
 

Learn More


  

 



An uncommon approach to financial decision making. Achieve financial balance, without putting everything you've worked hard for at risk, with Innovative thinking & advanced web technology.
payday loans direct lenders only bad credit
 

Learn More


  






 
 


 



A Resource in Building Your Financial Success.  





At Wealth Strategy Partners we take pride in delivering cutting edge strategies. We give clients the confidence to take control of their lives and guide them to build a clear path to their financial future.
most credit unions
Wealth Strategy Partners transforms the way consumers view financial planning by providing innovative solutions and educating members of our community on how to make sound financial decisions using a holistic approach.We focus on our clients’ vision for their future to create a lasting impact on their wealth potential. Uniquely positioned to offer our clients access to one of the most comprehensive financial product platforms available today, Wealth Strategy Partners envisions and enhances our clients’ goals through purposed macro-management, informed fiscal education, and experienced asset servicing solutions.
Wealth Strategy Partners is one of the fastest growing financial firms in the nation with offices in Hawaii, California and Nevada. Since founded in 2007, we expanded our territory to six locations strategically located on the west coast and grew from 4 to over 100 representatives. Wealth Strategy Partners is an affiliate of WestPac Wealth Partners serving clients throughout the nation.
 




 




Seminar Sign Up

Our Client Experience




 
 



Take Control of Your Financial Future.

Our skilled professionals are ready to expand your financial knowledge and share unique strategies on how to create and implement a plan that will allow for a better financially organized tomorrow.


Meet Our CEO
Nash Subotic is the CEO for WestPac Wealth Partners and Affiliates. He oversees the strategic direction and talent acquisition of the firm with over 100 financial representatives.
Meet our CEO



Living Balance Sheet
An advanced web technology to help you achieve financial balance by providing you with a detailed, holistic view of your financial world at any given time.
Learn more



Hawaii
The Hawaiian islands, where WP originated and is currently Headquartered. This office supports both US mainland and Asia Pacific clientele.
Honolulu, HI



San Diego
Our sunny San Diego location is located downtown in the iconic Symphony Towers. Opened in 2010, this location is home to over 100 advisors.
San Diego, CA



Bay Area
Part of the cultural, commercial, and financial center of Northern California, our Bay Area Office services many clients from start-up's to well established companies in silicon valley and its surrounding areas.
San Francisco, CA



Los Angeles - Orange County
Our LA and OC offices serve some of the most established businesses and individuals on the West Coast.
Los Angeles - Orange County, CA



Las Vegas
Las Vegas is home to our Nevada office and our choice venue for annual events and WP University efforts.
Las Vegas, Nevada






Recognitions


Hawaii Business Magazine
Wealth Strategy Partners has been recognized by the Hawaii Business Magazine as one of the Best Places to Work for three years in a row — 2012, 2013 & 2014!





Protect. Invest. Achieve.
Get Started Today



 





AboutWho We Are
Our Mission & Commitment
Our Leadership Team
FINRA BrokerCheck

StrategiesOur Client Experience
Medical Professionals
Business Owner Solutions
Professional Athletes
Personal Solutions

News & EventsNewsletter
Events Calendar

CareersWhy WSP
Apply

ContactLocations






This material is intended for general public use. By providing this material ,Wealth Strategy Partners is not undertaking to provide investment advice for any specific individual or situation, or to otherwise act in a fiduciary capacity. Please contact a financial professional for guidance and information specific to your individual situation. Wealth Strategy Partners is an Agency of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America (Guardian), New York, NY. Securities products and services offered through Park Avenue Securities, LLC (PAS), member FINRA, SIPC. 7 Hanover Square, New York, NY, 10004, 888.600.4667. PAS is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Guardian. Wealth Strategy Partners is not an affiliate or subsidiary of PAS or Guardian. California Insurance ID: Nash Subotic: 0F93109 Important Disclosures | 2016-22030 (Exp. 04/18)




©2014 Wealth Strategy Partners an affiliate of WestPac Wealth Partners & Insurance Services, LLC. All Rights Reserved.



 
 





Strategic Wealth Partners Group Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







STRATEGIC WEALTH PARTNERS GROUP


Premium Company Report








The Premium Strategic Wealth Partners Group Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$149


View subscription options







DBA STRATEGIC WEALTH PARTNERS, LLC520 Lake Cook RoadSuite 270 Deerfield, IL 60015 

Company Awards

Fast Growing



Company Profile & Financial Information for Strategic Wealth Partners Group
Strategic Wealth Partners Group's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Strategic Wealth Partners Group's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Strategic Wealth Partners Group's strengths. 
Strategic Wealth Partners Group operates in the Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Strategic Wealth Partners Group's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$10 - $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees10 - 100Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry523 Securities, Commodity Contracts & Other Financial Investments

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Strategic Wealth Partners Group's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Strategic Wealth Partners Group Revenue and Growth Rate

Strategic Wealth Partners Group
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Strategic Wealth Partners Group's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 


Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Strategic Wealth Partners Group grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Strategic Wealth Partners Group is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Strategic Wealth Partners Group vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Strategic Wealth Partners Group, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)CITIGROUPStamford, CT100 FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGEMclean, VA48 FMRBoston, MA31 INTL FCSTONENew York, NY15 FMRMerrimack, NH13 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Strategic Wealth Partners Group, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Strategic Wealth Partners Group's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Strategic Wealth Partners Group and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.2023 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.








Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























strategic wealth partners group llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Strategic Wealth Partners Group, LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company offers wealth management, financial planning, and investment advisory services. Strategic Wealth Partners Group serves customers in the State of Illinois.




Corporate Information
Address:

520 Lake Cook Road
Suite 270
Deerfield, IL 60015
United States


Phone:
1-224-632-1600


Fax:
1-224-632-1601


Web url:
www.stratwealth.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Neal Howard Price


Chief Financial Officer




David James Copeland


Chief Investment Officer




Moira Fahey-Ullrich


CCO/Chief Solutions Ofcr







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






Wealth Management, Financial Planning | Strategic Wealth Partners



















Strategic Wealth Partners
Smart financial strategies for business and life




Get our free weekly market commentary delivered to your inbox
Get our free weekly market commentary delivered to your inbox




Email Address


Subscribe

Please confirm your subscription by email.









We help you makesmart moneydecisions throughoutevery stage in life.
From wealth building and taxstrategies to retirement andestate planning, we evolve withyour changing needs.
Learn More





IN THE NEWS

						SWP on CNBC											


						Mark Tepper makes a bold prediction about the S&P 500											
Watch Video




FEATURED SOFTWARE
Wealthalyze

Complete our free assessment in less than 10 minutes to determine your wealth score.
Find Out Now




SPECIAL REPORT
What's Your Company's Sellability Score?

Take our free survey and learn how your business measures up.
Find Out Now











Walk Away Wealthy: The Entrepreneur’s Exit-Planning Playbook
The essential guide to selling your business—and walking away with maximum wealth!








Latest Tweets
Tweets by @MarkTepperSWP



From the Blog



3 Ways to Make Your Company More Valuable Than Your Industry Peers
July 26, 2017

							
								Have you ever wondered what determines the value of your business?

Perhaps you’ve heard an industry rule of thumb and assumed that your company…
						




What Comes First? Estate Planning or Exit Planning?
July 19, 2017

							
								A successful business Exit Plan achieves three important owner goals:


	Financial Security: The business sale or transfer provides the amount of income the owner and owner…
						




















 



Home - Strategic Wealth Management Group, LLC - New















































 
 







  







 

















The NEXT piece — to your peace of mind 
I'm ready 






What's your Next?
Your financial outlook is constantly evolving, whether it's by windfalls — a new job, a raise, a new home; or by crisis — divorce, bankruptcy, death; or common milestones — marriage, parenthood, retirement. With life's many twists and turns, do you know your Next?
I'm ready 






And are you ready for it?
Do you have a plan for your Next? How about the unexpected? Do you know how to move to your Next, achieve your Next, or understand the benefits of your Next? We'll focus on your financial well-being, evolving goals, and lifestyle to prepare you for what's Next — before it even arises.
I'm ready












 
WATCH THE VIDEOS



























































 



	MOVING YOU FORWARD — TOGETHER

	StratWealth's unique NexitStrategySM includes our Professional Integration stage where we work hand-in-hand with your estate planner, insurance provider and accounting professional to identify any gaps in your financial security map. Imagine having a unified strategy to synchronize every facet of your asset management and ensure your protection — that’s peace of mind

More









 

	Team Highlight

Joseph P. Garrison CFP,® AIF®
Partner



	Joe is a Partner at StratWealth. He joined StratWealth in 1999 and his past roles include service as Director of the firm’s Investment Research Division, and Chairman of the firm’s Investment Committee…

	 

More


  




	Click for more information.








	Financial Insight

	After Five Great Years For Stocks, What's Next?





  
Market Info

























 more market data


 	       












 
	


 
































Strategic Wealth Partners Grou | Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC 

                Last Update: 05-09-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 26

                    Number of New Stocks: 0




                    Total Value: $197 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 2%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






Strategic Wealth Partners Group LLC's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















