

10-Q: STRATEAN INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,791
-5.69
-0.03%






Nasdaq

6,371
-10.71
-0.17%






S&P 500

2,469
-6.67
-0.27%









1:05 P.M. ET


                                  Mattel shares down 8.7% in Friday trading
                                





 
1:05 P.M. ET


                                  Expedia stock price target raised to $178 from $155 at UBS
                                





 
1:04 P.M. ET


                                  Aaron's shares up 13% in Friday trading
                                





 
1:00 P.M. ET


                                  Where health-care reform goes after failure to repeal and replace Obamacare
                                





 
1:00 P.M. ET


                                  S&P 500 down 6 points, or 0.2%, at 2,470
                                





 
1:00 P.M. ET


                                  Dow industrials down 4 points at 21,792
                                





 
12:59 P.M. ET


Breaking
      Nasdaq pares losses, down 5 points at 6,377
                                





 
12:51 P.M. ET


Updated
      FTSE 100 closes sharply lower in tobacco-led stock rout
                                





 
12:51 P.M. ET


                                  Here’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat (and why you should always use your own)
                                





 
12:49 P.M. ET


Updated
      How advisers can fight the ‘crisis of trust’ in financial services
                                





 
12:40 P.M. ET


Updated
      How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
                                





 
12:32 P.M. ET


                                  Why McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
                                





 
12:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Chip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
                                





 
12:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
                                





 
12:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
                                





 
12:17 P.M. ET


                                  Starbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
                                





 
12:09 P.M. ET


                                  Wage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
                                





 
12:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      What is an ICO?
                                





 
12:06 P.M. ET


                                  Trump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
                                





 
12:04 P.M. ET


                                  Wells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
                                





 








































Log In














Bulletin

FTSE closes lower as U.K. tobacco stocks are routed


















Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: STRATEAN INC.
    








    By

Published: Feb 4, 2015 6:08 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Forward-Looking Statements  Certain statements, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words "believes," "project," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "strategy," "plan," "may," "will," "would," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe-harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe-harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse affect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include, but are not limited to:  Company Overview  Stratean Inc. is in the business of acquiring, licensing and marketing patents and technology to create renewable energy from solid waste. The Company plans to turn today's landfill dilemma into tomorrow's energy solution.  Stratean Inc's technology converts any organic material into SynGas. SynGas can be used as clean, renewable, environmentally friendly, warming fuel for power plants, motor vehicles, and as feedstock for the generation of DME (Di-Methyl Ether). DME is the premier energy carrier and offers a range of important benefits:  ? Simple and low cost of production  ? An environmentally-benign propellant and coolant  ? Clean-burning and high energy efficiency  ? Lower transportation and distribution costs  ? Easily converted into other fuels and chemicals  The Stratean Gasifier converts the following materials into clean, reusable, renewable, and affordable energy:  ? Municipal Solid Waste (MSW)  ? Municipal sewage sludge  ? Food and cooking waste  ? Petroleum sludge and oily wastes  ? Animal manures  ? Cellulosic and non-cellulosic biomass  ? Energy crops  ? Scrap tires  ? Coal  Table of Contents  The process involves the grinding, drying, separating, mixing, and then pelletizing of solid waste. These pellets constitute the feedstock for the Gasifier. Gasifying the pellets produces SynGas. SynGas can be converted into multiple forms of energy including motor vehicle and jet fuels. The SynGas produced is so clean that it generally does not require hot-gas cleanup. SynGas is mostly hydrogen and carbon monoxide. Hydrogen and carbon monoxide are primary building blocks for fuels and chemicals. SynGas is a clean burning fuel suitable for use in duel-fuel diesel engines, gas turbines, and steam boilers.  The Company believes that the Stratean process will turn the world's waste problem into an abundant, renewable resource of energy. The Stratean production can be adapted to the specific energy requirements of a given area. Communities are expected to benefit from the countless options created including inexpensive green electric power for homes, clean-burning fuel for garbage trucks, street maintenance equipment, or for resale to other municipalities. Because of the modular nature of the components intrinsic to the process, the plant could provide one energy source, then be converted to provide a different energy product. A Stratean facility could produce additional electric power during the peak demand part of the day and produce fuels during the rest of the day.  The Company's market segmentation is vast as the Company expects to apply its technology to anything that is carbon based. The markets for which the Company has focused its efforts include: the electric utility market, municipal waste, processing plants, the refining sector, stranded natural gas fields, and Canadian oil sands.  The Company has begun pursuing opportunities to utilize the assets and intellectual properties purchased. The Company aims to further develop these technologies in order to pursue licensing, manufacturing and direct sales agreements for its Gasifier technology.  The technologies and prototype will begin undergoing clinical lab testing to further establish its capability of producing large volumes of clean, renewable energy from any carbon compound (Municipal Solid Waste (MSW), Coal, Sewage Sludge) into clean Synthesis Gas. The Company's Gasifier is still under development and a commercially viable Gasifier is not expected to be sellable until the first or second quarter of 2015. In December of 2014 the Company executed an agreement with Combustion Resources, LLC to independently test the Company's production model prototype. Combustion was engaged to independently test the Gasifer's performance and certify the results of its performance. The Company believes the results of these independent tests will provide the results needed to prove its commercial viability, at which time the Company would begin to actively market its Gasifer units.  The Company has not engaged in any significant negotiations to sell its Gasifier products to any major customers. Once completed, the Company intends to distribute its products through advertisements and sales calls on potential customers with demonstrations of how the products work. The failure to acquire customers to generate revenues will negatively affect the Company's financial performance.  Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013  Operating Expenses  The Company had operating expenses of $186,194 for the three months ended December 31, 2014, as compared with $8,287 for the three months ended December 31, 2013.  Professional fees increased to $117,772 for the three months ended December 31, 2014 from $0 for the same period ended December 31, 2013. Our professional fees expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2014 consisted mainly of legal expenses and consulting fees.  Research and development fees increased to $50,000 for the three months ended December 31, 2014 from $0 for the same period ended December 31, 2013. Our research and development expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2014 consisted mainly of consulting fees to independently test our Gasifier.  General and administrative fees increased to $17,782 for the three months ended December 31, 2014 from $8,287 for the same period ended December 31, 2013. Our general and administrative expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2014 consisted mainly of office expenses and expenses incurred as a result of fundraising efforts. In comparison, our general and administrative expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2013 consisted mainly of expenses related to SEC compliance.  Depreciation and amortization expense increased to $640 for the three months ended December 31, 2014 from $0 for the same period ended December 31, 2013.  Other Expenses  We had other expenses of $(5,144) for the three months ended December 31, 2014, compared with other expenses of $(1,928) for the three months ended December 31, 2013. Our other expenses for the three months ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 consisted mainly of amortization of imputed interest on officer loans.  Table of Contents  Net Loss  We recorded a net loss of $(191,338) for the three months ended December 31, 2014, as compared with a net loss of $(10,215) for the three months ended December 31, 2013.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  As of December 31, 2014, we had total current assets of $58,087, consisting entirely of cash, and total assets in the amount of $685,877. Our total current liabilities as of December 31, 2014 were $8,949. We had working capital of $49,138 as of December 31, 2014.  Operating activities used $(106,944) in cash for the three months ended December 31, 2014. Our net loss of $(191,338) was the main component of our negative operating cash flow, offset mainly by imputed interest of $5,143 and stock based consulting of $80,000.  Cash flows used by investing activities during the three months ended December 31, 2014 was $(1,710) as a result of the purchase of fixed assets.  Cash flows provided by financing activities during the three months ended December 31, 2014 amounted to $50,000 and consisted of $50,000 in proceeds from our private offering of common stock and warrants.  In addition to $50,000 we were able to raise in the sale of our common stock, we were able to settle two promissory notes with a face values of $33,341 and $16,659. Pursuant to the Debt Settlement Agreements, we issued 38,342 shares of common stock and 19,158 shares of common stock, respectively, along with royalties, as provided in the Agreements, to settle the notes.  Despite the efforts we have made to raise money and to settle debt, based upon our current financial condition, we do not have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next twelve months. We intend to fund operations through increased sales and debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other cash requirements. We plan to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all.  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  As of December 31, 2014, there were no off balance sheet arrangements.  Critical Accounting Policies  In December 2001, the SEC requested that all registrants list their most "critical accounting polices" in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a "critical accounting policy" is one which is both important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results, and requires management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.  Going concern - The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred cumulative net losses of $(600,613) since its inception and requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities to take place. The Company's ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company's contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties.  Use of estimates - The process of preparing financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the use of estimates and assumptions regarding certain types of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Such estimates primarily relate to unsettled transactions and events as of the date of the financial statements. Accordingly, upon settlement, actual results may differ from estimated amounts.  Revenue recognition - The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements" and No. 104, "Revenue Recognition". In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability is reasonably assured. For the periods ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 the Company reported revenues of $0 and $0, respectively.  Long-lived Assets - In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounts Standard Codification (ASC) ASC 360-10, "Property, Plant and Equipment," the carrying value of intangible assets and other long-lived assets is reviewed on a regular basis for the existence of facts or circumstances that may suggest impairment. The Company recognizes impairment when the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses, if any, are measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value.  Table of Contents  Feb 04, 2015  (c) 1995-2015 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


The dark side of cruises


Hillary Clinton’s new book ‘What Happened’ makes for hilarious R-rated internet


Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know















Most Popular





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





Stock market edges lower, on track for weekly losses





Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





How 3D full-body scans will change everything from fitness to fashion




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 








































 



 Stratean Augments Renewable Energy Portfolio, Acquires CleanSpark 
         










    










 













 











 



















Stratean Augments Renewable Energy Portfolio, Acquires CleanSpark
        																																												
              

          CleanSpark Has Executed Multi-Year Contracts to Provide Distributed Energy Resource Management Systems at Military BasesAcquisition Combines Stratean Gasification Technology with Advanced Energy Software Technology to Enable End-to-End Renewable, Reliable Energy Management
        











 News provided by
Stratean, Inc.  
Jul 11, 2016, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































SALT LAKE CITY, July 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Stratean, Inc. (OTC: SRTN), the developer of a patented and revolutionary "stratified" downdraft gasifier, today announced the company has acquired CleanSpark, a leading provider of engineering, software and controls for innovative distributed energy resource management systems, in an all-equity transaction valued at approximately $36 million. 








The acquisition provides Stratean with a revenue-generating platform and significantly expands the capabilities of Stratean in the rapidly growing renewable energy sector. The acquisition transfers ownership of CleanSpark's operational subsidiaries, patent-pending fractal grid software technology, contracts, patents, other software and related assets to Stratean. CleanSpark has existing, executed contracts with a military base, a golf course, and other campuses to deploy and maintain solar microgrids, utilizing CleanSpark's innovative software to manage energy consumption and production. Stratean's gasifier is capable of providing a baseload energy source to augment CleanSpark's energy management software and control platform technology, sold under the mPulse brand, enabling customers to gain further independence from the energy grid.
Matthew Schultz, Chief Executive Officer of Stratean, Inc., commented, "This acquisition combines the revolutionary, energy management software and technologies of CleanSpark with our innovative gasification technology to enable end-to-end, completely autonomous power to microgrid energy systems. By providing CleanSpark with an infusion of capital and complete access to a baseload source of renewable energy, we plan to integrate the technologies into a unified solution that will take both our patented gasifier and CleanSpark's offerings to the next level." 
"CleanSpark has invested nearly $8 million to develop and bring to market its mPulse software technology used in FractalGrid deployments," continued Schultz. "The success of the company's existing installation at Camp Pendleton clearly demonstrates the market viability and efficacy of the technology as the pursuit of clean, reliable and secure energy accelerates. By integrating our technologies, we are positioning Stratean at the forefront of the U.S. microgrid market which is projected to increase almost 300% from $225 million in 2016 to nearly $1 billion in 2020." 
Transaction Details
As consideration, CleanSpark's existing unit holders "CleanSpark" are entitled to 6 million Stratean common shares ("shares") and 4.5 million warrants at a strike price of $1.50 with a five-year expiration. The shares are subject to a one-year lock-up period designated by the agreement. At closing, CleanSpark holders will own approximately 22.3% of the issued and outstanding Stratean shares (after giving effect to the acquisition). Assuming CleanSpark's owners exercise the warrants and the vesting of the shares at the conclusion of the lock-up period, the Group may hold up to 39.1% of the issued and outstanding Stratean shares. 
The acquisition has been approved by the Board of directors of Stratean, Inc. and CleanSpark Holdings, LLC. 
About CleanSpark
CleanSpark offers advanced energy software and control technology that enables a plug-and-play enterprise solution to modern energy challenges. By integrating new and existing energy generation and storage assets with advanced load management capacities, CleanSpark's software allows energy generated locally to be shared with other interconnected microgrids. This unique capability enables microgrids to be scaled and widely adopted for commercial, industrial, military, municipal, and remote community deployment. 
The effectiveness of the company's products and services is evident at the School of Infantry in the 52 Area of Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. In 2013, CleanSpark was subcontracted to provide design, development, integration and installation services for the FractalGrid at Camp Pendleton. The project integrated CleanSpark's proprietary mPulse software and controls platform with a variety of energy storage technologies, existing and planned for in the future, to store solar energy generated by existing fixed-tilt solar photovoltaic panels and fifteen dual axis tracking concentrated photovoltaic units. CleanSpark's distributed controls combine the generation and storage technologies to create four separate microgrids that self-align together to create a larger microgrid that ties directly into the larger utility grid at the 12kV level, allowing the base to consume energy from the most reliable, affordable source at any given time. The system can provide a 100% renewable and sustainable solution to energy security.
In the event of an outage or other energy surety threat, the software demonstrated its ability to autonomously separate the microgrids from the utility and operate them independently in "island" mode. Once energy from the grid is stabilized, CleanSpark's platform demonstrated its ability to reconnect the microgrid to the utility.
Each individual fractal microgrid can work independently or in concert as the larger 1.1MW FractalGrid, sharing data and energy throughout the group to improve efficiency, protect critical circuits, manage supply and demand, and allow for maintenance or repairs, as needed. The entire installation provides the Marine Corps and Department of the Navy with reliable energy security with a built-in cyber defense-in-depth posture.
CleanSpark and its wholly owned subsidiaries generated over $14 million in revenue since inception in late 2013, and currently have more than $2.6 million in executed long-term agreements including exercisable options and potential contract extensions, along with a growing pipeline of opportunities.
For more information on CleanSpark, please visit http://www.cleanspark.com.
About Stratean, Inc.
From the trash can to the gas can, Stratean, Inc. has successfully designed, engineered, manufactured and patented a revolutionary 'stratified' downdraft gasifier. Our partners, such as Petersen, Inc., ICON Renewables, Combustion Resources and others have worked with us to create a logical solution for profitably handling MSW, Coal, Plastics, Municipal Sewage and many other feedstocks. All with ZERO airborne emissions.  We've aligned ourselves with research universities such as Utah State University, The University of Utah, and BYU to certify and maximize the efficiencies and production of our technology.  To learn more, visit http://www.stratean.com/.
Information about Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release relating to plans, strategies, testing and operational performance, projections of results of specific activities and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the Company, please refer to the Company's recent SEC filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Website: http://www.stratean.com
Contact: Investor Relations:  Brett Maas, Managing Partner, Hayden IR,   (646) 536-7331, brett@haydenir.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stratean-augments-renewable-energy-portfolio-acquires-cleanspark-300296306.html
SOURCE  Stratean, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.stratean.com



 












Aug 18, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: CleanSpark, Webcor & Sungevity Complete Phase I of First Commercial Microgrid













Apr 06, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Stratean Gasifier Performance Validated by Independent Evaluation; Achieves 96.6% Efficiency






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Stratean Augments Renewable Energy Portfolio, Acquires CleanSpark


 News provided by
Stratean, Inc.  
Jul 11, 2016, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





MarketWatch.com Topics

























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

FTSE closes lower as U.K. tobacco stocks are routed »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




1:07 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:06pMattel shares down 8.7% in Friday trading
1:05pExpedia stock price target raised to $178 from $155 at UBS
1:05pAaron's shares up 13% in Friday trading
1:01pWhere health-care reform goes after failure to repeal and replace Obamacare
1:01pS&P 500 down 6 points, or 0.2%, at 2,470
1:00pDow industrials down 4 points at 21,792
12:59pBREAKINGNasdaq pares losses, down 5 points at 6,377
12:52pFTSE 100 closes sharply lower in tobacco-led stock rout
12:51pHere’s how much you should spend on a yoga mat (and why you should always use your own)
12:49pHow advisers can fight the ‘crisis of trust’ in financial services
12:41pHow Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
12:32pWhy McCain shot down Obamacare repeal               
12:20pChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
12:19pIntel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’
12:19pAmazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift
12:18pStarbucks’ Teavana stores are the latest casualty at the mall
12:10pWage-rebound story takes another hit after drab ECI report
12:09pWhat is an ICO?
12:06pTrump’s sketch of New York City skyline auctioned off
12:05pWells Fargo: FDA plan to lower nicotine could be opportunity for Altria, Philip Morris
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,790.45

-6.10
-0.03%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,371.48

-10.71
-0.17%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,468.71

-6.71
-0.27%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

















































  SRTN:OTC US Stock Quote - Spirit International Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Spirit International Inc   SRTN:US   OTC US        USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.00    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   9.000    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Spirit International, Inc. wholesales and distributes beverages. The Company offers whiskey and other alcoholic products. Spirit International serves customers in Western Europe and the Middle East.    Address  2620 Regatta DriveSuite 102Las Vegas, NV 89128United States   Phone  1-702-359-0881   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Zur Dadon  President/CEO/CFO/Treasurer/Secy    David Andrews  VP:National Sales    Colby Schlensker  VP:Sales LED     Show More         

Stratean, Inc - CleanSpark, Webcor & Sungevity Complete Phase I of First Commercial Microgrid































































 


  








































BACK


SEND


PRINT-






Send
Your name: 

Your E-Mail: 
You can add multiple recipients by inserting a semicolon between each e-mail

Send to:

 

Message 


  






Save this document
Title:
CleanSpark, Webcor & Sungevity Complete Phase I of First Commercial Microgrid




      












 

Stratean, Inc		CleanSpark, Webcor & Sungevity Complete Phase I of First Commercial Microgrid	        



Aug 19, 2016
Cleanspark, LLC, as part of Stratean (OTC: SRTN), the developer of a patented and revolutionary "stratified" downdraft gasifier, announced the company has completed Phase I of its first commercial microgrid in partnership with Webcor, a San Francisco-based builder, and Sungevity, a leading solar service provider.

The 832kW solar system with distributed controls, located at the Ram's Hill Golf Course in Borrego Springs, features a highly advanced monitoring intelligence platform. In addition an upgrade to consolidate property loads for a private behind-the-meter 12kV infrastructure was deployed that enables plug and play capabilities in the future such as energy storage integration and additional microgrid functionality. The Rams Hill installation was completed in five months and is expected to save approximately $300,000 per year with an eight-year return on investment from the project. With the intelligence platform already delivering cost savings information, that return is expected to drop further in the coming six months.

"The system installed by the microgrid team has performed beyond our expectations. We are very happy with our partnership with Webcor and CleanSpark and look forward to the continuing development of our power system," said Becky Holeman, CFO of Rams Hill.

Matthew Schultz, Chief Executive Officer of Stratean, Inc., commented, "We are excited about completing the first phase of this project. Sungevity and Webcor are phenomenal partners. We believe the ROI is extremely compelling for our customers not only as a result of solar energy generation, but also due to our superior intelligence platform that will deliver significant value on its own. We look forward to communicating future projects and developments in the near term."

About CleanSpark

CleanSpark offers advanced energy software and control technology that enables a plug-and-play enterprise solution to modern energy challenges. By integrating new and existing energy generation and storage assets with advanced load management capacities, CleanSpark's software allows energy generated locally to be shared with other interconnected microgrids. This unique capability enables microgrids to be scaled and widely adopted for commercial, industrial, military, municipal, and remote community deployment.

For more information on CleanSpark, please visit http://www.cleanspark.com.

About Stratean, Inc.

From the trash can to the gas can, Stratean, Inc. has successfully designed, engineered, manufactured and patented a revolutionary 'stratified' downdraft gasifier. Our partners, such as Petersen, Inc., ICON Renewables, Combustion Resources and others have worked with us to create a logical solution for profitably handling MSW, Coal, Plastics, Municipal Sewage and many other feedstocks. All with ZERO airborne emissions.  We've aligned ourselves with research universities such as Utah State University, The University of Utah, and BYU to certify and maximize the efficiencies and production of our technology.  To learn more, visit http://www.stratean.com/.

About Webcor Builders

San Francisco-based Webcor Builders was founded in 1971, and is widely recognized as one of the nation's leading general contractors. Recently named both the 2014 California Contractor of the Year and one of the top green construction companies in the U.S. by the Engineering News-Record, Webcor is known for its innovative and efficient approach to construction, wide range of experience, cost-effective design/build methodology, skills in concrete construction, and expertise in building landmark projects.  For more information, please visit http://www.webcor.com.

About Sungevity

Sungevity, Inc. is a technology-driven solutions provider, offering exceptional service and choice to residential and commercial solar energy customers.  Sungevity's asset-light business model focuses on value-added in-house services for software platform development, project management and customer experience; this focus is enabled by a strong, scalable network of third-party providers for asset-intensive and/or lower margin provision of hardware, installation services and financing.  Sungevity's disruptive and competitive model delivers greater value directly to customers and, for stockholders, captures immediate financial value at the time of sale.

Information about Forward-Looking Statements

Statements in this press release relating to plans, strategies, testing and operational performance, projections of results of specific activities and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the Company, please refer to the Company's recent SEC filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
For more information:




Organization:  
                Stratean, Inchttp://www.stratean.comContact: Brett MaasManaging Partner, Hayden IR,Tel: (646) 536-7331E-mail: brett@haydenir.com













Tweet


Link http://www.electricenergyonline.com/detail_news.php?ID=592906




BACK


SEND


PRINT








 






Click here to Sign up



SUBSCRIBE









        Most consulted news        





Today

This Week

This Month







































 



 Stratean, Inc. Announces Successful Initial Operation Of Reactor 
         










    










 






 











 









Stratean, Inc. Announces Successful Initial Operation Of Reactor

Dec 10, 2015, 18:52 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Stratean, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Stratean, Inc. (OTCQB: SRTN) is pleased to announce the successful trial operation of its' patented 'stratified downdraft gasification system'.  
Stratean has completed preliminary development and begun the pilot scale testing of a gasifier for processing various waste materials/carbonaceous feedstocks into a clean synthesis gas. Using various catalysts, the clean synthesis gas ("syn-gas") may then be converted into high-grade synthetic liquid transportation fuels such as diesel, gasoline, jet fuel or other useful chemicals and may also be used as fuel to create electricity. Petersen, Inc. of Ogden, UT manufactured the Stratean gasifier, and has verified the mechanical operation of the gasifier. They have been assisting throughout the testing of the gasifier.
The current project is separated into individual tasks to demonstrate and evaluate the Stratean gasifier using coal and wood pellets as a feedstock. The results of the project will also provide direction and insights as to whether additional testing of the gasifier is required prior to commercial deployment. Combustion Resources Inc. and Utah State University are in the process of performing the tests, analyzing the data and test results, and will generate a final independent project report. 
On November 24, 2015 and again on December 1, 2015, personnel from Stratean, Combustion Resources, Utah State University and Endigit, Inc. performed  preliminary test runs and analysis of the 30 Tons Per Day Stratified Downdraft Gasifier. These tests were performed at the USU Carbon Energy Innovation Center in Helper, Utah.
Objectives and Tasks of Independent Testing

Verify functional operation of the Gasifier, control programs and associated equipment and auxiliary components. 
Verify and measure reactions and operational performance against engineering assumptions and design. 
Verify, measure and document production gas quantities, composition and qualities. 
Verify and measure feedstock input and waste product volume ratios.
Initial FindingsFunctional operation was successful at both cold and reaction temperatures. 
The reaction commenced at approximately 700 degrees C (1300 degrees F), escalating to 1650 degrees C (3,002 degrees F) in less than seven minutes, positively exceeding the anticipated exothermic reaction temperature assumptions. The reactor continued operating under the high temperature conditions.  For approximately 3 hours following shutdown, the reactor core maintained a temperature exceeding 800 degrees C (1,372 degrees F), further demonstrating the properties of our patented ceramic refractory lining.
The production gases and other products were collected, analyzed and flared. Ignition and combustion of the production gas was visually verified at the flare. The flared gas produced a clear flame during optimal reaction temperatures. The gases produced were analyzed via the gas analyzer provided by Combustion Resources.
The gases identified and measured are as follows:
Production Gas Composition
Carbon Dioxide - ≤ 300 ppm
Methane - None
Hydrogen – Hydrogen production was in excess of measuring equipment capability. 
Sulphur Dioxide -< None
Carbon Monoxide ≥ 5000 ppm
Tars - None
FeedstockFeedstock used for the tests consisted of high-grade steam coal sourced locally from the Skyline Mine. Approximately 400 lbs. of coal was processed and consumed in the reactor which produced a dry fly ash of approximately 10 lbs.  During the December 1, 2015 test, wood pellets were used to establish baselines for that particular feedstock.
Next Steps

Perform a tear-down, inspection and analysis of the physical components of the system and replace/repair/upgrade components as needed. 
Verify system operation and calibrations. 
Perform intermediate run testing. 
Draft intermediate testing report
SummaryThe Stratean gasifier performance and quality of gasses produced exceeded expectations and engineering assumptions.  Although we experienced some minor issues with the feed conveyor and two thermocouples, the performance of the reactor was remarkable. Clean quality gasses were produced without any feedstock/sorbent blends. The overall the reaction process and reactor capability exceeded expectations.
"We were guardedly optimistic for this initial run, having worked extensively with our engineering team.  To say that the results, operation and cleanliness were a success would be a massive understatement," stated Michael Barrett, Stratean's Chief Operations Officer.  "Based on the preliminary results, post-process 'gas-cleanup' appears to be totally unnecessary, exactly as we'd anticipated," concluded Barrett.
Information about Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release relating to plans, strategies, testing and operational performance, projections of results of specific activities and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").  For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the Company, please refer to the Company's recent SEC filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
More information may be found on the Company's website at www.stratean.com. 
 
 SOURCE  Stratean, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.stratean.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 06, 2016, 08:00 ET
Preview: Stratean Gasifier Performance Validated by Independent Evaluation; Achieves 96.6% Efficiency






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 







Technology - Clean Spark













































 















 

 
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 








TECHNOLOGY.
STATE OF THE ART. UNIQUE. PROPRIETARY.
The technology used in our Downdraft Gasifier is state of the art, unique and proprietary. It is the technology that ultimately separates our equipment from other currently proposed and used methods. Computer controls and remote sensing capabilities ensure that the equipment will operate efficiently and flawlessly, with minimum cost in operation.
 

COMPETITIVE COMPARISONCOSTS



Stratean Inc”s Gasifier has been engineered with improvements over the proof of concept design, facilitating a commercial unit with enchanced function and utility in use. The principal advantages of the Stratean Inc. Stratified Downdraft Gasifier are:

Modular concept allows for parallel processing, so any facility could be easily expanded or reduced without risk or changing the basic structure by simply adding or removing module units, it also allows for multiple end product processing, producing electricity, ethanol, and fuels simultaneously, and for universal parts which reduces maintenance costs
Modular concept ensures the quality and allows a facility utilizing out gasifier to be constructed and commissioned within 12 to18 months
Compact size allows waste to be dealt with where is it created, and the electricity and fuels to be generated where it is needed, thereby eliminating costly shipping fees
The direct heat transfer of the gases to the material being gasified is efficient, and as a natural consequence of the process, the product gas is stripped of its impurities, eliminating the costly hot gas clean up associated with other Gasifiers
Pollutant absorbing binder aids in efficiency, cracking hydrocarbons acting as a catalyst, and absorbs the pollutants, oxidizes carbon eliminating water vapor and all but 5 – 10% carbon dioxide, which in our estimation will eliminate the need for carbon sequestration
The process is largely self-regulating which provides a high degree of automation, and the one stage process is very simple and does not require highly qualified engineers to operate
Produces an acceptable alternative to natural gas
Ash by product makes an excellent road and cement aggregate
Green energy credits may be available for our customers for Federal tax purposes
Process is nearly 100% environmentally friendly
Any and all liquid and solid organic wastes can be utilized and disposed of, producing no residual wastes.

Due to the outstanding characteristics mentioned above, use of this reactor will have the impact of reducing capital outlay and operational costs of synthesis gas processes relative to either multi-tubular or “conventional” slurry reactors.
 
Several unique factors affect the Capitalization and Long-Term cost factors of energy production using our “Waste to Energy” technology:

Feedstocks are considered waste, and are likely to be furnished at no cost. In fact, the payment of a standard “Tipping” fee is charged to discharge the waste to a disposal facility or to one of our Waste to Energy facilities.
The System utilizes approximately 20% of its energy production to run itself. This means that 80% of product is available for sale, with no additional energy bill for operation.
Operating costs are limited to minimal operators, catalyst, and feedstock preparation into uniform pellet form.
Disposal of by-products is incorporated in an aggregate product which is used to cast building blocks, barriers, light poles and similar cement formed products. All these are saleable and produce additional income.

Consideration of the above items, when combined with initial Capital Cost, and Income projections, shed a more than favorable picture of the cost factors of implementing the Stratean Inc. System of Alternative Green Fuel Production.
We are ready to revolutionize an industry with our technology. Stratean Inc. creates renewable energy through new gasification technology that will make significant contributions in solving the growing global climate change and waste management problems. These technologies are environmentally safe and can produce a clean synthesis gas from virtually any organic material.
The United States must develop a clean, secure, and affordable energy supply. Now.
Welcome to Stratean Inc’s world.
 
 
 
 
 















































 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Stratean Inc. Announces Hydrogen Fuel Cell Technology Patent AcquisitionHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 52 minsS&P 5002,468.72-6.70 (-0.27%)Dow 3021,790.58-5.97 (-0.03%)Nasdaq6,371.43-10.76 (-0.17%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Stratean Inc. Announces Hydrogen Fuel Cell Technology Patent AcquisitionAccesswireMay 2, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareProvides Synergies to Current Unit and Will Increase Total Energy OutputSALT LAKE CITY, UT / ACCESSWIRE / May 2, 2016 / Stratean, Inc. (SRTN), the developer of a patented and revolutionary "stratified" downdraft gasifier, today announced the it has expanded its capabilities by acquiring a patent for an ancillary technology that will enable Stratean to significantly improve the energy output of its revolutionary system.Stratean acquired a patent for hydrogen fuel cell technology entitled "Electrolytic Reactor and Related Methods for Supplementing the Air Intake of an Internal Combustion Engine." The acquisition was funded through an issuance of Stratean shares. Stratean anticipates integrating this technology, in whole or in part into its downdraft gasification system, enabling the capture and conversion of process byproducts into incremental energy.Matthew Schultz, Chief Executive Officer of Stratean, Inc., commented, "Our innovative gasification technology has been proven in independent, third-party tests to produce large volumes of clean, renewable energy. The acquisition of this patent today is a great addition to our portfolio and will add significant synergies to our current unit. We expect to increase our total energy output through harnessing some of the byproducts of our existing process. We look forward to sharing more information in the near term on this process, as well as additional synergies that may be realized."About Stratean, Inc.From the trash can to the gas can, Stratean, Inc. has successfully designed, engineered, manufactured and patented a revolutionary 'stratified' downdraft gasifier. Our partners, such as Petersen, Inc., ICON Renewables, Combustion Resources and others have worked with us to create a logical solution for profitably handling MSW, Coal, Plastics, Municipal Sewage and many other feedstocks. All with ZERO airborne emissions. We've aligned ourselves with research universities such as Utah State University, The University of Utah, and BYU to certify and maximize the efficiencies and production of our technology. To learn more, visit http://www.stratean.com/.Information about Forward-Looking Statements:Statements in this press release relating to plans, strategies, testing and operational performance, projections of results of specific activities and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the Company, please refer to the Company's recent SEC filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Read MoreWebsite: http://www.stratean.comContact: Investor Relations:  Brett Maas, Managing Partner, Hayden IR, (646)536-7331, brett@haydenir.comSOURCE: Stratean, Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceBlue Apron gets some bullish callsYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredStocks whiff as earnings and economic data pour inYahoo FinanceThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderPogue: The business of keeping 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo Finance VideoStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWall Street dragged lower by Amazon, tobacco stocksReutersThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comAnthony Scaramucci Boasted Trump Could Sink 3-foot Golf Putts, the White House Says It’s 30ThomasW: What a piece of work this boss bottom-kisser is. Can you imagine the pudgy Trump in basketball shorts?Join the Conversation1 / 5410








Stratean Inc. Expands Gasification IP with Additional U.S. PatentHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 52 minsS&P 5002,468.72-6.70 (-0.27%)Dow 3021,790.58-5.97 (-0.03%)Nasdaq6,371.43-10.76 (-0.17%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Stratean Inc. Expands Gasification IP with Additional U.S. PatentAccesswireMay 31, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareGranted U.S. Patent for Gasification Technology and Process for Converting Feedstock to Useable FuelSALT LAKE CITY, UT / ACCESSWIRE / May 31, 2016 / Stratean, Inc. (SRTN), the developer of a patented and revolutionary "stratified" downdraft gasifier, today announced that it has expanded its intellectual property related to gasification technology.Effective June 7, 2016, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued to Stratean, Inc. U.S. Patent No. 9,359,567, protecting the company's gasification technology and process for using feedstock comprising gaseous fuel. The patent further protects Stratean's gasification technology, which is designed and developed to address the growing concern surrounding environmentally-friendly and economically-viable alternatives to traditional waste management processes.Matthew Schultz, Chief Executive Officer of Stratean, Inc., commented, "This new patent is evidence of the unique value of our innovative gasification technology and production processes as well as the thought leadership we are providing in the quest for clean, renewable energy alternatives. Our patented technologies and processes provide a clear advantage to conventional alternatives and a means to capture and use a significant energy resource in our country's landfills. Issuance of this patent expands the protection of our innovations as we prepare for commercial production and market introduction of our solution [later this year]."About Stratean, Inc.From the trash can to the gas can, Stratean, Inc. has successfully designed, engineered, manufactured and patented a revolutionary 'stratified' downdraft gasifier. Our partners, such as Petersen, Inc., ICON Renewables, Combustion Resources and others have worked with us to create a logical solution for profitably handling MSW, Coal, Plastics, Municipal Sewage and many other feedstocks. All with ZERO airborne emissions. We've aligned ourselves with research universities such as Utah State University, The University of Utah, and BYU to certify and maximize the efficiencies and production of our technology. To learn more, visit http://www.stratean.com/.Information about Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this press release relating to plans, strategies, testing and operational performance, projections of results of specific activities and other statements that are not descriptions of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This release contains "forward-looking statements" that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management's good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for the Company's products, the introduction of new products, the Company's ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company's liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in the Company's filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the Company, please refer to the Company's recent SEC filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.Read MoreWebsite: http://www.stratean.comContact: Investor Relations:Brett Maas, Managing Partner, Hayden IR,  (646)536-7331, brett@haydenir.comSOURCE: Stratean, Inc.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceBlue Apron gets some bullish callsYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStocks whiff as earnings and economic data pour inYahoo FinanceThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderPogue: The business of keeping 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo Finance VideoStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredWall Street dragged lower by Amazon, tobacco stocksReutersThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comAnthony Scaramucci Boasted Trump Could Sink 3-foot Golf Putts, the White House Says It’s 30ThomasW: What a piece of work this boss bottom-kisser is. Can you imagine the pudgy Trump in basketball shorts?Join the Conversation1 / 5410








