


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Find a Financial Advisor | UBS United States









































Find a Financial Advisor









View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				




























  

 







Contact us | UBS Australia









































Contact us









link


General enquiries





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Direct investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043  Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Wholesale investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				




    Download our National Contact List
				





    Subscribe to complimentary newsletter
				








Institutional investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043 
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222 







    Send us a message
				





























Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

 







ETFs | UBS Australia









































UBS IQ Exchange Traded Funds
















                        Make your cash work harder
            

                            Make your cash work harder
            


UBS IQ Cash ETF








Find out more


















                        Intelligent research based ETFs
            

                            Intelligent research based ETFs
            











Find out more


















                        Global investments without tobacco
            

                            Global investments without tobacco
            


Simple solutions for investors seeking to exclude tobacco from their investment portfolio








Find out more


















                        Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            

                            Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            


Diversify your portfolio with UBS IQ ETFs








Read more



















Australian Cash ETF




    Australia Cash (MONY)
				












Australian Share ETFs




    Australia Quality (ETF)
				




    Australia Dividend Yield (DIV)
				




    Australia (UBA)
				












Global Share ETFs




    World ex Australia (UBW) 
				




    Europe (UBE)
				




    USA (UBU)
				




    Japan (UBJ)
				




    Asia ex Japan (UBP) 
				

















Subscribe to our newsletter

























  

 







Funds & prices | UBS Australia







































Funds & prices





























  

 







Market insights | UBS Australia







































Market insights












Current Market Views



Watch and read the latest insights from our investment teams on the markets and the implications for our portfolios.






    Watch the webcasts
				




    View the Market views
				










Australian intelligence



View the latest contributions from our investment teams on the Australian investment landscape






    View the latest contributions
				










Global intelligence



A collection of Economists Insights, Current Perspectives, White Papers and Investment Outlook from UBS






    Read the latest edition
				
































Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  









Strategy Asset Managers, LLC
















Strategies​     Fact SheetsMarket Oriented - The performance objective of the Market Oriented product is to outperform the S&P 500 index utilizing a market oriented investment process with a low correlation to Growth and Value returns. (more)Worldwide Equity - The performance objective of the Worldwide Equity product is to outperform the Global Equity index utilizing a relative value investment style of management.  The Global Equity index is comprised of 80% S&P 500 stocks and 20% MSCI EAFE stocks. (more)Worldwide Balanced - The performance objective of the Worldwide Balanced product is to outperform the Global Balanced index utilizing a relative value investment style of management.  The Global Balanced index is comprised of 48% S&P 500 stocks, 12% MSCI EAFE stocks and 40% U.S. Treasury Notes. (more)Worldwide Dividend Plus - The performance objective of the Worldwide Dividend Plus product is to outperform the S&P 500 Index utilizing a relative value investment style of management with an emphasis on dividend income. (more) 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  1Privacy NoticeLegal DisclaimerProxy Policy StatementQuick Links1CommentariesStrategies1HomeMeet the ManagersMarketingFirm HistoryStrategiesCommentariesClientsContact UsFeedback

















Strategy Asset Managers, LLC
















Strategy Asset Managers, LLCMeeting Client Expectations for the Long TermFormed in 2001, Strategy Asset Managers is rich in history with portfolio managers that have over 30 years of experience in the financial industry.  Based 30 minutes outside of New York City, the firm has a satellite office in California.  Strategy Asset Managers offers domestic and global investment strategies to institutional and private clients. 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  StrategiesMarket OrientedWorldwide EquityWorldwide BalancedWorldwide Dividend PlusCommentariesMarket EnvironmentMarket Oriented Strategy &OutlookWorldwide Strategy & OutlookWorldwide Dividend Plus Strategy & OutlookRelated NewsStrategy Asset Managers joins the Wells Fargo Masters & DMA platformsRobert M. DeMichele Chief Investment Officer"We believe that the best way to grow the real purchasing power of our clients' assets is by owning quality, well positioned companies with both a domestic and global reach."1Privacy NoticeLegal DisclaimerProxy Policy StatementConnect with us:1HomeMeet the ManagersMarketingFirm HistoryStrategiesCommentariesClientsContact UsFeedback

















Strategy Asset Managers, LLC
















Contact Information:Corporate Office ~ New JerseyRobert M. DeMicheleChief Investment OfficerStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3003Fax: 201-822-3002Email: rdemichele@strategyasset.comAlan WapnickSenior Vice President – Director of Global StrategiesStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3005Fax: 201-822-3002Email: awapnick@strategyasset.comBruce JensenCo-Chief Operating OfficerStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3012Fax: 201-822-3002Email: bjensen@strategyasset.comEast Coast Operations - Woodcliff Lake, New JerseyCarrie LongsonVice President – Portfolio AdministrationStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3006Fax: 201-822-3002Email: clongson@strategyasset.comSiobhain BoutonAssistant Vice President – Portfolio Administration,Operations & TradingStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3008Fax: 201-822-3002Email: sbouton@strategyasset.comJudy WatkinsVice President – Compliance & MarketingStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3007Fax: 201-822-3002Email: jwatkins@strategyasset.comWest Coast Operations ~ Roseville, CaliforniaRainbow BrooksAssistant Vice President – Portfolio Administration,Operations & Trading915 Highland Pointe Drive, Suite 250Roseville, CA 95678Toll Free: 800-789-4030Phone: 916-724-5272Fax:  916-724-5273Email: rbrooks@strategyasset.com 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677 Quick Links1Privacy NoticeLegal DisclaimerProxy Policy Statement1CommentariesStrategiesMarketing & Client ServicesCecelia Waterman-Santiago, CIMASenior Vice President – Marketing & Client ServicesStrategy Asset Managers, LLC50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3004Fax: 201-822-3002Email: cwaterman@strategyasset.comAnthony J. Busacca, Jr.Managing Director – Sales50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3013Fax: 201-822-3002Email: abusacca@strategyasset.comMichael L. BaumManaging Director – Business Development50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3011Fax: 201-822-3002Email: mbaum@strategyasset.comDavid CookManaging Director – Business Development50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677Phone: 201-822-3014Fax: 201-822-3002Email: dcook@strategyasset.comLee GrichuhinSenior Vice President – Private Client GroupStrategy Asset Managers, LLC2377 Gold Meadow Way, Suite 16Gold River, CA 95670Toll Free: 866-385-5554Phone: 916-526-2656Fax: 916-526-2668Email: lgrichuhin@strategyasset.com1HomeMeet the ManagersMarketingFirm HistoryStrategiesCommentariesClientsContact UsFeedback

















SAM













 MEET THE MANAGERSMr. DeMichele is the President, CEO and CIO of Strategy Asset Managers.  Prior to establishing Strategy Asset Managers, Mr. DeMichele served as the Chairman and CEO of Lexington Management Corporation, as well as Chairman of the firm's Investment Strategy Group, from 1981 through 2000.  He also held the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Lexington's publicly held parent company, Lexington Global Asset Managers, from 1983 through 2000.  During this period, Mr. DeMichele also served as Chairman and Co-Portfolio Manager of Market Systems Research (MSR), a Lexington Global Asset Managers subsidiary.  Prior to Lexington and MSR, Mr. DeMichele worked for Warburg, Paribas, Becker, an international investment-banking firm, where he held several positions.  Before joining Becker in 1973, Mr. DeMichele worked at Richardson Vicks, Inc., a leading consumer-marketing firm. Mr. DeMichele holds a B.A. degree from Union College and an MBA from Cornell University, Johnson Graduate School of Business.     Robert M. DeMichelePresident, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment OfficerMr. Wapnick is the Director of Global Investment Strategy and is responsible for portfolio management of global investments.  In addition, he is responsible for equity analysis.  Alan has over 40 years of investment experience. Prior to joining Strategy Asset Managers in 2001, Mr. Wapnick worked with Lexington Management Corporation as the Director of Domestic Equity Investment Strategy.  At Lexington, he was responsible for the portfolio management of value equity and co-portfolio management of global investments.  Before joining Lexington in 1986, Mr. Wapnick was an equity analyst with Merrill Lynch, J & W Seligman, Dean Witter and Union Carbide Corporation.  Mr. Wapnick is a graduate of Dartmouth College and received his MBA in finance from Columbia University. Alan h. WapnickSenior Vice President, Director of Global Strategies 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  | email: info@strategyassetmangers.comQuick LinksCommentariesStrategiesBrokerCheck

















Strategy Asset Managers, LLC















LOCATION 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  Name:Email:Message:Please contact us with your questions and/or feedback. We'd love to hear from you.From 95 S/N: Take I-287 W toward Tappan Zee Bridge. Take exit 171 from GSP (.7 mi).  Take Chestnut Rdge Rd to Tice BLVD (.2 mi). Take 1st right onto Chestnut Ridge Rd (.4 mi). Turn left on Tice BLVD (.1 mi).  Destination will be on your right.From Garden State Parkway S/N: Take exit 171 from GSP (.7 mi).  Take Chestnut Rdge Rd to Tice BLVD (.2 mi). Take 1st right onto Chestnut Ridge Rd (.4 mi). Turn left on Tice BLVD (.1 mi).  Destination will be on your right. 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  Connect with us:Quick Links   

















Strategy Asset Managers, LLC















Firm HistoryRobert M. DeMichele is the Chief Investment Officer of Strategy Asset Managers, LLC. Prior to establishing Strategy Asset Managers, Mr. DeMichele served as the Chairman and CEO of Lexington Management Corporation (a $3.5 billion investment management and mutual fund company). He also served as Chairman of the Lexington Investment Strategy Group, from 1981 through 2000. In his role as Chairman of the Lexington Investment Strategy Group, Mr. DeMichele developed the Worldwide Equity and Worldwide Balanced products for the more risk-averse investor. He and Alan Wapnick, our Senior Vice President and Director of Global Investment Strategy, worked together at Lexington Management Corporation for 15 years, managing the Worldwide Equity and Worldwide Balanced products as a team. Mr. DeMichele and Mr. Wapnick were the only decision-making authorities for these products.The affiliation of Strategy Asset Managers with Market Systems Research, Inc. allows Mr. DeMichele to manage the Market Oriented Core strategy as he has from its inception in 1985 with proprietary research provided by Market Systems Research, Inc. Mr. DeMichele has been managing private client assets since 1984 and globally structured portfolios since 1987. As Chief Investment Officer of Strategy Asset Managers, he will continue to offer products utilizing the strategies that he developed while at Lexington Management Corporation. 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677 Quick Links   

















Strategy Asset Managers















 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  1Privacy NoticeLegal DisclaimerProxy Policy Statement1HomeMeet the ManagersMarketingFirm HistoryStrategiesCommentariesClientsContact UsFeedbackMarket EnvironmentThe post-election rally continued to have legs for the first two months of 2017 with both the S&P 500 index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average peaking on March 1, 2017 as hopes for the new Administration’s plans for tax reform, infrastructure spending, and reduced business regulation combined with strengthening economic fundamentals to drive the market. (more).Market Oriented Core Strategy & OutlookOn our way to recovery! In the 4th quarter, 2016 commentary, we explained how the dramatic shift toward the Financial and Energy sectors negatively impacted our performance for calendar 2016. (more).Worldwide Equity Strategy and OutlookOur Worldwide Equity Strategy was up 4.8% for the 1st quarter of 2017, lagging the Global Equity benchmark return of 6.3%. Our Worldwide Balanced Strategy was up 3.6% in the quarter, slightly behind the Balanced Global benchmark return of 4.1%. (more).Worldwide Equity Dividend Plus Strategy and OutlookAfter earning a return of 15.4% for calendar 2016, substantially outperforming the Global Equity Benchmark’s return of 9.9%, our Worldwide Dividend Plus strategy earned a solid return of 4.9% for the 1st quarter of 2017, but lagging the Global Equity Benchmark return of 6.3%. (more).

















Strategy Asset Managers, LLC
















Strategies​     Fact SheetsMarket Oriented - The performance objective of the Market Oriented product is to outperform the S&P 500 index utilizing a market oriented investment process with a low correlation to Growth and Value returns. (more)Worldwide Equity - The performance objective of the Worldwide Equity product is to outperform the Global Equity index utilizing a relative value investment style of management.  The Global Equity index is comprised of 80% S&P 500 stocks and 20% MSCI EAFE stocks. (more)Worldwide Balanced - The performance objective of the Worldwide Balanced product is to outperform the Global Balanced index utilizing a relative value investment style of management.  The Global Balanced index is comprised of 48% S&P 500 stocks, 12% MSCI EAFE stocks and 40% U.S. Treasury Notes. (more)Worldwide Dividend Plus - The performance objective of the Worldwide Dividend Plus product is to outperform the S&P 500 Index utilizing a relative value investment style of management with an emphasis on dividend income. (more) 50 Tice Boulevard, Suite 130 * Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey 07677  1Privacy NoticeLegal DisclaimerProxy Policy StatementQuick Links1CommentariesStrategies1HomeMeet the ManagersMarketingFirm HistoryStrategiesCommentariesClientsContact UsFeedback











	Nuveen Gresham Diversified Commodity Strategy Fund Management | Mutual Funds | Nuveen













































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Mutual Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



MF



			Nuveen Gresham Diversified Commodity Strategy Fund




XClose













Select Share Class:  A | NGVAX    C | NGVCX    I | NGVIX







Overview
Performance
Pricing & Distributions
Holdings & Detail
Management
Literature





















Portfolio Manager(s)



Randy Migdal – Randy Migdal is Managing Director and Head Trader for Gresham NTA, having held that position since June 2006. Mr. Migdal is the portfolio manager for accounts employing Gresham’s Near Term Active Implementation strategy including its Tangible Asset Program (TAP®). For three years, Mr. Migdal was seconded to the Lehman Brothers Investment Management Division. His responsibilities included managing both the TAP® portfolio and the Risk Dispersing Portfolio, a long-only commodity futures asset allocation portfolio consisting of treasury bonds/notes, foreign stocks, domestic stocks, precious metals, tangible commodities and foreign currencies.Susan Wager – Susan Wager is Managing Director of Gresham LLC and Senior Trader for Gresham NTA, having held positions since March 2005. Ms. Wager is the head Portfolio Manager for the Fund’s commodity investments. Ms. Wager is also responsible for the management and proprietary trading of Gresham’s option strategies, including the long/short commodity investment program. From March 2004 to March 2005, Ms. Wager was a Risk Management and Business Analyst for Millennium Partners, a hedge fund. Her responsibilities included detailed work with risk management and trading and alert systems, and she had extensive interaction with traders, risk management, operations and technology departments. She also has been an Equity Research Assistant with Citigroup Smith Barney/Bear Stearns, and was a Commodity Options Trader at Fimat USA, Inc., a futures commission merchant, and conceptualized, implemented and coordinated all trading strategies while functioning as a market maker in COMEX exchange traded options.Chris J. Neuharth - Chris oversees risk management for the taxable fixed income products and is responsible for risk models, market data, quantitative credit analysis, and performance attribution systems. He is also a member of the Fixed Income Strategy Committee, which establishes investment policy for all taxable fixed income products. As a senior fixed income portfolio manager, he leads the Core Bond and Short Term Bond Strategies and related institutional portfolios.He began working in the financial industry in 1981 and became a portfolio manager in 1985. Chris rejoined the firm in 2000 after working at Brinson Partners as a director and senior portfolio manager. Prior to that, he was director of risk management for U.S. Bank’s asset management division and broker/dealer. He was also a fixed income portfolio manager at Fortis Advisors and First Minnesota Bank.Chris received a B.S. in business finance from Winona State University.Wan-Chong Kung, CFA - Wan-Chong is the head of the U.S. Interest Rates & Governments Sector Team and a member of the Fixed Income Strategy Committee, which establishes investment policy for all taxable fixed income products. As a senior fixed income portfolio manager, she leads the Inflation Protected Securities and Intermediate Government Bond Strategies, as well as related institutional portfolios, and co-manages the Core Bond Strategy. She is also a member of the Securitized Debt and Global Interest Rates & Governments Sector Teams. Wan-Chong began working in the financial industry in 1984. Prior to joining the firm in 1993, she was a senior consultant for financial services firms at Cytrol Inc.  She received a B.S. in economics from the University of the Philippines and an M.B.A. in information systems management from the University of Minnesota. Wan-Chong holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA Institute and the CFA Society of Minnesota. She is also a member of the Carlson Funds Enterprise Advisory Board.  Chad W. Kemper - Chad is a co-manager on the Inflation Protected Securities product, as well as being responsible for the separately managed, government benchmarked accounts. He is also a member of the U.S. Interest Rates and Governments Sector Team, responsible for trading U.S. Treasury and agency securities. He began his career in the financial industry in 1999 when he joined the firm. Chad received a B.A. from the University of St. Thomas and an M.B.A. from Augsburg College.John Clarke is a Vice President at Gresham LLC, supporting Randy Migdal in trading for the Gresham Near Term Active Implementation strategies; handling short-term cash management; and responsible for foreign currency hedging transactions of the Near Term Active Implementation strategies. Prior to joining Gresham LLC in January, 2011, Mr. Clarke worked in the Quantitative Strategies Group at Primus Asset Management, a structured credit asset manager, where he focused on portfolio optimization and model development. Firm tenure for Nuveen Asset Management investment professionals may include years of service at predecessor advisory operations.




CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.






				Management


Gresham Investment Management
Commodities
New York-based Gresham Investment Management is recognized as one of the world’s leading investment managers focused exclusively on portfolios providing access to a diversified array of commodities. Gresham’s goal is to provide a responsible way to invest in commodities, and to offer clients the benefits of systematic exposure to a wide range of commodities and commodity groups.


Nuveen Asset Management
Fixed Income, Equity and Specialty Strategies
Nuveen Asset Management has a broad range of investment solutions for high net worth individuals and institutional clients. With an extensive history evaluating the municipal bond markets, Nuveen Asset Management offers our clients an approach to investing that emphasizes quality and ingenuity. Today our solutions span multiple asset classes, from traditional and specialized equity to taxable and municipal fixed income. Our heritage demonstrates quality and innovation that stand the test of time.



Annual Allocations

	At the beginning of each year, Gresham allocates to commodities from each of six commodity groups based on
	
global production;
global trade; and
futures liquidity.

	This helps to provide global economic relevancy and adequate liquidity.


Interim Rebalance

	In order to maintain consistent exposure, Gresham selectively rebalances the portfolio when price changes cause actual allocations to deviate substantially from target weightings.


Active Implementation

	Gresham opportunistically rolls positions between different contract months and commodity exchanges based on the team’s experienced assessment of liquidity levels and price activity in the market.


Constraints and Diversification

	The Fund constrains commodity groups as part of the overall program, and individual commodities and commodity complexes within their groups.
	
No commodity group’s target weighting may constitute more than 35% of the total commodity futures portfolio.
No two groups’ combined target weightings may constitute more than 60% of the total commodity futures portfolio.
No single commodity’s target weighting can constitute more than 70% of its group.
No commodity complex target weighting can constitute more than 80% of its group.

Collateral Guidelines


		Cash equivalents or short term debt with terms < 1 year.

		Primarily direct and guaranteed obligations of U.S. Government and senior obligations of U.S. Government agencies.
	











Product Downloads






Fact Sheet


Subscribe







Quarterly Commentary


Subscribe







Distribution Schedule









Prospectuses & Reports






Annual Report


Subscribe







Statutory Prospectus


Subscribe







Proxy Voting Report









Statement of Additional Info


Subscribe







Semi-Annual Report


Subscribe







Summary Prospectus


Subscribe






XBRL










			Featured Literature







							Nuveen Gresham Diversified Commodity Strategy Fund Commentary
						






							Nuveen Gresham Diversified Commodity Strategy Fund Presentation
						







View more literature for this fund.






Contact Us

Investors 
800-257-8787
Advisors 
800-752-8700


More contact information






							A Word On Risk

							
	Mutual fund investing involves risk; principal loss is possible. An investor should consider the following risk factors. Investments in commodity-linked derivative instruments have a high degree of price variability and are subject to rapid and substantial price change which may subject the Fund to greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. Because the Fund has a significant portion of its assets concentrated in commodity-linked derivative instruments, developments affecting commodities including political and regulatory changes, seasonal variations, weather, technology and market conditions will have a disproportionate impact on the Fund.  More information on these risks, as well as information on other risks to which the Fund is subject, such as clearing broker, counterparty, credit, derivatives, frequent trading, non-U.S. investment, regulatory, subsidiary, and tax risks, are included in the Fund’s prospectus.
	

						




























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSURED 
				MAY LOSE VALUE
				NO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Funds distributed by Nuveen Securities, LLC., a subsidiary of Nuveen Investments, Inc. 333 W. Wacker Dr., Chicago, IL 60606. TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, Teachers Personal Investors Services, Inc., and Nuveen Securities, LLC, Members FINRA and SIPC, distribute securities products. Nuveen operates as an independent subsidiary of TIAA-CREF.
					Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.







15542-INV-AN-04/17














Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



































	Financial Research Associates, LLC - Investment Management Product Strategy Forum









































Register



Remember Me


forgot password
change your contact information
















Navigate...
Calendar
Sponsor
About
Home









Investment Management Product Strategy Forum
Developing Your Ideal Offerings to Meet Changing Customer Needs


March 8-9, 2017

New York, NY




AGENDA
REGISTER NOW
SEND TO A FRIEND
SPONSOR THIS EVENT
SPONSORS / MEDIA PARTNERS



    We're sorry, but we could not find the conference you're looking for. Please refer to our calendar for a list of scheduled conferences.
    
    













NEWS & FEATURED EVENTS

Converge: The Robo-Advisor Forum
October 16-17, 2017 – New York, NY
Partnerships for the Next Generation of Collaborative Wealth Management
[+] READ MORE
Private Investment Fund Operations & Compliance Forum
July 25-26, 2017 – San Francisco, CA
Optimizing the Productivity and Efficiency for Private Equity, Venture Capital, Hedge Fund and Other Less-Liquid Investments
[+] READ MORE


The 24th Sub-Advised Funds Forum
September 13-14, 2017 – Boston, MA
Optimizing Returns via Successful Relationships and Strategies in Sub-Advised and Multi-Managed Funds
[+] READ MORE
Law Enforcement Risk Management Summit
September 18-19, 2017 – Scottsdale, AZ
Proactive Strategies to Reduce Adverse Consequences within Police Departments
[+] READ MORE









MORE LINKS
View Calendar
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
About Us
The Fine Print
Privacy Policy



RESOURCES

www.healthcare-conferences.com
www.risehealth.org



CONNECT WITH US
















©2015  Wilmington FRA, a division of Wilmington plc.
Wilmington FRA is a company registered in Delaware, USA
Registered office: 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801
Site Design by Web Station Inc.







Product Strategy | eVestment                      
  ClientsClients Main MenuProductsProducts Main MenuResourcesResources Main MenuAboutAbout Main MenuContactContact Main MenuCareersSubmit Data






ClientsWho We ServeOur clients use eVestment's suite of cloud-based analytics and intelligence solutions to help make data-driven decisions, identify and capitalize on global investment trends and better position their funds for success.ConsultantsAccess institutional intelligence to better serve your clientsInstitutional InvestorsResearch and monitor managers to better perform due diligenceLimited PartnersGain insights for more robust private markets fund manager analysisInvestment BanksStrengthen your industry research with institutional dataFinancial AdvisorsAssess the market to better inform client portfolio decisionsAsset ManagersPosition your funds for success with insights and intelligenceDatabase & RFPEnsure accuracy, consistency and timeliness of dataSales & MarketingStand out in an increasingly competitive marketplaceProduct StrategyDeliver products that meet institutional market needsHedge Fund ManagersTarget fund messaging and increase visibility to institutional investorsPrivate Markets Fund ManagersImprove investor relations through better fund analyticsProductsPRODUCTS & PACKAGESWhat We OffereVestment is the leading provider of institutional investment analytics, intelligence and data worldwide.Product PackageseVestment offers multiple levels of packages to provide exactly what you need across your organization.PlatinumPremiumCoreSelectANALYTICSeVestment AnalyticsComprehensive research, competitive analysis and due diligence across traditional and hedge funds, with portfolio and custom reporting capabilitiesTopQSophisticated, easy-to-use performance analytics and reporting created especially for private markets fund managers and institutional investorsDASHBOARDSSales DashboardsAccess the intelligence you need, when you need it. Gain instant insight into timely, event-driven changes in your competitive landscapeINSIGHTSAdvantageUnique view into how products are being researched on eVestmentAsset FlowsInteractive look into the health and direction of global money movementHoldings AnalysisContext into performance drivers compared to benchmarks and peersPublic Plan IQThe leading research platform for public plan competitive intelligenceScorecardVisualization of the factors indicative of product strength in a specific universeDATAGlobal DataSpanning across thousands of traditional and alternative strategies, the breadth and depth of institutional coverage is unmatchedSubmit My DataRegister to submit your data to eVestment and gain access to the largest distribution network in the global institutional investment communityOmniOur data population service minimizes time and effort required when reporting data, while increasing consistencyResourcesResearch ReportsRead our latest original research, covering traditional and alternative asset classes. Browse through archives of industry reports, surveys, performance and asset flow trends.Case StudiesDon’t just take our word for it — learn how your institutional investment industry peers are using eVestment solutions to make smarter, data-driven decisions.Content LibraryLeverage our library of whitepapers, webinars and infographics for in-depth thought leadership content covering industry hot topics, innovations and new technologies.eVestment BlogTop Platform RankingsInvestment Statistics GuideHFN IndicesAboutAbout eVestment eVestment provides a flexible suite of easy-to-use, cloud-based solutions to help the institutional investing community identify and capitalize on global investment trends, better select and monitor investment managers and more successfully enable asset managers to market their funds worldwide. With the largest, most comprehensive global database of traditional and alternative strategies, delivered through leading-edge technology and backed by fantastic client service, eVestment helps its clients be more strategic, efficient and informed.Leadership TeamOur PartnersOur ClientsAcquisitionsAwards & HonorsPress ReleasesMedia CoverageEventsPress KitContactGlobal Headquarters100 Glenridge Point Parkway
 Suite 100
 Atlanta, Georgia 30342
 United StatesWorldwide LocationsSupportHave a product question? Need help getting started? eVestment offers comprehensive support across our suite of solutions. Contact the support team in your region for a quick response.Sales InquiriesWant to speak with an associate and discover how eVestment solutions can best work for your firm?info@evestment.com+1-877-769-2388Media InquirieseVestment is a trusted resource for the media and our industry around the globe. Please reach out if you are interested in speaking to one of our experts or using our data for an article.  CareersSubmit Data

Log In
Product StrategyHomeClientsAsset ManagersProduct Strategy
Deliver products that meet institutional market needsYour team manages the product mix your firm offers to institutional investors. You have to work with your sales, marketing, and RFP teams to ensure products are competitively positioned. You need to know what strategies will be in demand with institutional investors in the future, and know what strategies your competitors are launching. eVestment can help you pinpoint areas for improvement and best position products for future growth, resulting in a clear picture of how to align your resources and capitalize on opportunities.Request a DemoVIEW PRODUCT PACKAGES 

“We like to keep our finger on the pulse of the market. So if we know when a specific asset class has experienced net inflows or outflows, that is important data for us to be aware of as we look to manage our products and develop new products.”– Director of Product Management and Analysis, RBC Global Asset ManagementIncrease product visibilityWork in tandem with your sales/marketing and database/RFP teams to increase your firm’s exposure to institutional investors. Play to your strengths by understanding the demand for your product lineup and determining the effectiveness of distribution efforts.Anticipate market demandDecisions regarding resource allocations is critical. Deciding when or where to launch new products to the marketplace or promote existing products can be a challenge. View which firms, asset classes and universes are experiencing the largest inflows or outflows and identify the best opportunities for growth.Understand your competitionLeverage insights about activity in the asset classes most relevant to your products to obtain a better understanding of your key competitors. Learn which characteristics are desirable in the products that are successfully raising assets.Prioritize your effortsGain a solid understanding of how to best position specific products.  Investors place greater importance on different characteristics within different universes. Identify areas of improvement across your entire product lineup or highlight products most likely to succeed.Learn How eVestment Can Help With Strategic Decisions CASE STUDYRBC Global Asset ManagementWHITEPAPERDoes It Pay To Care About ESG Investing?WEBINARMaximizing Impact in an Evolving MarketplaceRequest Demo

© 2017 eVestment
Legal Third Party Vendor Notices


Search for:


				* Type a keyword then press Enter
                                We use cookies to personalize content and to analyze our traffic. See Details.I Agree
 


Casey Quirk by Deloitte | Whitepapers
































MEDIA CENTER 
CONTACT US















Skill through scale?  The role of M&A in a consolidating industry
Investment Management M&A Outlook, 2017 and Beyond
Abstract  
				Deteriorating economics, distributor consolidation, the need for new capabilities, and a shifting value chain are combining to set off an accelerated and different round of merger & acquisition (M&A) activity in the investment management industry.  We expect to see brisk M&A activity continuing in 2017 (and beyond) driven more than ever by consolidation pressures. This paper outlines the strategic catalysts driving M&A activity and the characteristics of successful transactions, including integration and post-transaction growth strategies.
			
Download







Survival of the Fittest: Defining Future Leaders in Asset Management

Abstract  Defining Future Leaders in Asset Management
Secular catalysts such as technology, regulation and shifting buyer demands are presenting asset management firms worldwide with the greatest challenges they have faced to date. Investment performance is necessary, but no longer sufficient, for success. This paper outlines the bold, transformative changes in business models – including cost reallocation, streamlined operations, new technologies, differentiated investments and consumer-oriented brand attributes – that asset management firms will require to win in a rapidly maturing industry.
 
Download







The Roar of the Crowd

Abstract  As organic growth in asset management begins to cool, individuals represent the future opportunity for investment firms worldwide. Their rise will lead to changes that reshape the delivery of advice and redistribute the industry’s economics. These new, tougher conditions will intensify competition between existing players and new entrants. Successful players will win by competing through differentiation, rather than simply outperforming similar-looking firms with similar value propositions. This paper outlines key strategies asset managers can use to stand out from the crowd. 
Download







New Arrows for the Quiver:
Product Development in a New Active and Beta World

Abstract  Asset management firms that get product development right grow 60% more quickly than peers. This paper outlines how investment firms can adapt product development strategies and processes to compete in a world shaped by shifting investor demands.
Download







Retooling U.S. Intermediary Sales
New Advisor Targeting Strategies

Abstract  Financial advisors are using new methods to build client portfolios resulting in four new archetypes of financial advisors with distinct and divergent needs.  This paper outlines how asset managers can retool their intermediary efforts to succeed with these new advisors.
Download







Evolving Markets
A Practical Framework for Asset Management in Asia-Pacific

Abstract  Asset management in Asia-Pacific is shifting:  rising segments like retail and newer defined-contribution schemes will account for a larger share of future revenues, while legacy institutional segments will become less prominent.  This paper outlines how asset managers seeking to grow revenues from Asia-Pacific should think about their approach to the region.
Download







When the Tide Turns
Building Next Generation Fixed Income Managers

Abstract  Both fixed income investors and managers have benefited from a secular bull market over the past thirty years.  However, the current low-rate environment and fears over rising rates have changed the landscape of fixed income.  This paper highlights shifting investor demand for fixed income strategies and describes four strategic initiatives that asset managers must employ to remain successful. 
Download







The Complete Firm 2013
Competing for the 21st Century Investor

Abstract  Slowing revenue growth will reshape the industry’s revenue opportunities. Who are tomorrow’s most successful competitors?  This white paper outlines the value propositions and strategic initiatives that will separate future industry leaders from the rest of the pack.
Download








A Tailored Approach
Positioning to Outcome-Oriented Global Investors

Abstract  Implementation of outcome-oriented investing has accelerated divergence in asset allocation and buying behavior.  Additionally, concerns over interest rate movements have investors re-positioning their portfolios.  This paper highlights the projected allocation shifts of global investors as well as search activity trends from investment consultants.
Download







Life After Benchmarks
Retooling Active Asset Management

Abstract  Investors have demonstrated a growing preference for outcome-based and risk-factor driven mandates, at the expense of traditional benchmark-based strategies. This trend is expected to grow, with New Active strategies attracting a majority of future flows globally. This paper outlines six categories of New Active investments, and how asset managers can develop products that address this demand.
Download







Target-date Retirement Funds:
The New Defined Contribution Battleground

Abstract  This paper outlines success factors required to gather assets in the rapidly
				changing defined contribution marketplace. Customization, indexation and decumulation are all themes reshaping target-date products.
            
Download







The Hedge Fund of Tomorrow:
Building an Enduring Firm

Abstract  This report continues a longstanding collaboration with the Bank of New York Mellon on hedge
				fund research, and examines the business issues facing hedge fund managers in a rapidly evolving global operating environment.
            
Download







The New Gatekeepers:
Winning Business Models For Investments Outsourcing

Abstract  This paper defines and explains the rise of investments outsourcing among U.S. institutional
				investors. The study presents key findings from a Casey Quirk survey of more than 20 of America's largest investments outsourcing vendors.
            
Download





SIGN UP FOR RESEARCH









Simply fill out the form below to receive our research and notifications on upcoming events:
* = Required

 





Account (Company)*

First Name* 

Last Name*  

Middle Initial*

Business Title*

Email*



Work Address*

City*

State*

Zip Code*

Country*



Work Phone*

Website

Type of Firm

How did you hear about us?


    
          






















 




Home | Asset Management Strategies, Inc.














































The Cost of Procrastination
Procrastination can be costly. When you get a late start, it may be difficult to make up for lost time.
Learn More 


When Special Care Is Needed: The Special Needs Trust
A special needs trust helps care for a special needs child when you’re gone.
Learn More 


Consider These 3 Things Before Driving Off the Lot
There are a few things to consider when buying or leasing your next vehicle.
Learn More 


Can Election Results Predict the Market?
How do the markets usually react to elections? Was the 2016 election any different?
Learn More 












Welcome to Asset Management Strategies, Inc.We are a premier wealth management firm that provides wealth advisory services to private clients and institutions.What We Do Client Login Contact Us 








Helpful Content


How Does Your Credit Score Compare?
Have you ever wondered how your credit score compares to the rest of the country? Take a look and see.



Tax Deductions You Won't Believe
Here are some examples of deductions from the IRS that were permitted and some that were, uh, too creative.



Four Reasons Millennials Need an Estate Strategy
Estate strategies for millennials may sound like less of a concern than retirement, but young adults should prepare now.


 





How the Federal Reserve Works
Each day, the Fed is behind the scenes supporting the economy and providing services to the U.S. financial system.


What Is a 1035 Exchange?
1035 exchanges provide a way to trade-in an annuity contract or life insurance policy without triggering a tax liability.


Investing with Your Heart
For some, the social impact of investing is just as important as the return, perhaps more important.


Protection Against Uninsured Drivers
You’re hit by an uninsured driver. Now what? Are you protected against financial losses?


The Economic Journey of Your Morning Coffee
Few contemplate the complex journey that brought their coffee from farm to kitchen table.


Term vs. Permanent Life Insurance
When considering life insurance, it's important to understand your options.

View all articles 



Potential Income from an IRA
Estimate your monthly and annual income from various IRA types.


Bi-Weekly Payments
This calculator estimates the savings from paying a mortgage bi-weekly instead of monthly.


Historical Inflation
This calculator shows how inflation over the years has impacted purchasing power.


What's My Potential Estate Tax?
This calculator helps estimate your federal estate tax liability.


Interested in a Fuel Efficient Car?
Estimate how many months it may take to recover the out-of-pocket costs when buying a more efficient vehicle.


Doubling Your Money
This calculator demonstrates the power of compound interest.

View all calculators 



Investment Strategies for Retirement
Investment tools and strategies that can enable you to pursue your retirement goals.


Your Cash Flow Statement
A presentation about managing money: using it, saving it, and even getting credit.


Tax Management Strategies
Learn more about taxes, tax-favored investing, and tax strategies. 


Protecting Those Who Matter Most
The importance of life insurance, how it works, and how much coverage you need. 


Long-Term-Care Protection Strategies
The chances of needing long-term care, its cost, and strategies for covering that cost.


Principles of Preserving Wealth
How federal estate taxes work, plus estate management documents and tactics.

View all presentations 



The Other Sure Thing
Though we don’t like to think about it, all of us will make an exit sometime. Are you prepared?


Should You Invest in Exchange Traded Funds?
There are hundreds of ETFs available. Should you invest in them?


The Power of Compound Interest
Learn how to harness the power of compound interest for your investments.


Raise Your Retirement Income
Retirees look for ways to convert savings and investments into regular income. One option to consider is an annuity.


An Arm and a Leg
A visit to the hospital can be painful, for both your body and your wallet. Don’t let it be more painful than it has to be.


A Fruitful Retirement: Social Security Benefit
Taking your Social Security benefits at the right time may help maximize your benefit.

View all videos 










 


Market Summary
The data below reflects the previous day close.

^INX,^OEX,^IXIC,^TNX


^INX
Market data provided by xignite.


 





Sign up for my Newsletter




Name 

Email 

Sign Up

Thank you!
Error processing your request. Please try again at a later time.



 


Local Weather
98004































Alternative Strategy Partners, LLC – Strategic Advisory Services | Asset Management Industry




























Alternative Strategy Partners, LLCStrategic Advisory Services | Asset Management Industry Call Us: (213) 623-1288


HOME
SERVICES
ABOUT
CONTACT





Strategic Advisory Services
 Alternative Strategy Partners provides advisory services to institutional asset managers, alternative investment firms, family offices, investment advisors and other financial services companies.
Our work ranges from the creation of strategic growth plans and the development of new products to the review of asset allocation policies and the evaluation of potential investments.
We work closely with our clients to establish strategic priorities and align efforts to execute on key objectives.
We are entrepreneurial, growth minded, and aim to provide our clients with an independent viewpoint. Our ultimate goal is for our clients to achieve long-term success.
Contact us today to find out how we can help move your business forward.


Sign up and receive updates by e-mail

First Name :


Email Address :





CONNECT WITH US
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT NEWS




SERVICES WE OFFER

Business Strategy Consulting
Product and Sales Strategy
Presentation Training
Executive Coaching


WHOM WE SERVE

Institutional Asset Managers
Alternative Investment Firms
Family Offices
Investment Advisors




Alternative Strategy Partners, LLC 
545 South Figueroa Street Suite 1216 Los Angeles, CA 90071
P: (213) 623-1288



Copyright © 2017 Alternative Strategy Partners, LLC  • All Rights Reserved





 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Find a Financial Advisor | UBS United States









































Find a Financial Advisor









View FINRA BrokerCheck information
				




























  

 







Contact us | UBS Australia









































Contact us









link


General enquiries





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Direct investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043  Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				








Wholesale investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222







    Send us a message
				




    Download our National Contact List
				





    Subscribe to complimentary newsletter
				








Institutional investors





Freecall within Australia Tel: 1800 023 043 
Overseas callers Tel: +61-2-9324-3222 







    Send us a message
				





























Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

 







Funds & prices | UBS Australia







































Funds & prices





























  

 







ETFs | UBS Australia









































UBS IQ Exchange Traded Funds
















                        Make your cash work harder
            

                            Make your cash work harder
            


UBS IQ Cash ETF








Find out more


















                        Intelligent research based ETFs
            

                            Intelligent research based ETFs
            











Find out more


















                        Global investments without tobacco
            

                            Global investments without tobacco
            


Simple solutions for investors seeking to exclude tobacco from their investment portfolio








Find out more


















                        Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            

                            Searching for low cost access to local and global markets? 
            


Diversify your portfolio with UBS IQ ETFs








Read more



















Australian Cash ETF




    Australia Cash (MONY)
				












Australian Share ETFs




    Australia Quality (ETF)
				




    Australia Dividend Yield (DIV)
				




    Australia (UBA)
				












Global Share ETFs




    World ex Australia (UBW) 
				




    Europe (UBE)
				




    USA (UBU)
				




    Japan (UBJ)
				




    Asia ex Japan (UBP) 
				

















Subscribe to our newsletter

























  

 







Market insights | UBS Australia







































Market insights












Current Market Views



Watch and read the latest insights from our investment teams on the markets and the implications for our portfolios.






    Watch the webcasts
				




    View the Market views
				










Australian intelligence



View the latest contributions from our investment teams on the Australian investment landscape






    View the latest contributions
				










Global intelligence



A collection of Economists Insights, Current Perspectives, White Papers and Investment Outlook from UBS






    Read the latest edition
				
































Quick links







    News
				




    UBS AM Privacy Policy
				




    Facts and figures
				





    Follow UBS Asset Management on LinkedIn
				
































  

