

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Strategos Capital Management.
























Home 
Meet the Team 
 Contact Us 
 








 Welcome to Strategos Capital Management

	Strategos Capital Management, LLC (“Strategos” or the “Manager”) is a Philadelphia based investment adviser with expertise in U.S. residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) and other structured securities. Strategos focuses on sourcing investment opportunities for its clients with strong long-term fundamental value through detailed loan and deal level analysis of what we consider “seasoned” secondary offerings.

	Strategos is registered as an investment adviser with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). To obtain a copy of Strategos' Form ADV, which has been filed with the SEC in accordance with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, please visit www.adviserinfo.sec.gov and locate us using the 'Investment Advisor Search' query.




REGISTERED USER LOGIN

Username

Password

enter

Please register below to learn more about Strategos.

Register
Lost Password?


 









© 2017 Strategos Capital Management.   All Rights Reserved    Website Developed by HedgeCo Website Creation
Terms of Use, Patriot Act Disclosure, and Privacy Policy





 

Strategos Partners LLC







1301 Fifth Avenue, Suite 3008Seattle, WA 98101-2662
Investor Relations : info@StrategosFunds.com
The information on this website is not an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy an investment fund or for the provision of any investmentmanagement or advisory services. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by means of delivery of a confidential private offering memorandum relating toa particular fund or investment management contract to qualified investors in those jurisdictions where permitted by law.
© Copyright 2009, All rights reserved. Not a public solicitation.






Strategos – Strategy and Innovation Consulting Firm



























































 

Strategos – Strategy and Innovation Consulting Firm 

Seasoned Professionals | More than 20 years of experience | Delivering Strategy & Innovation
 
Strategy
Develop strategies that drive innovation
Read more


 
OPPORTUNITY
Identify new platforms for growth
Read more


 
CAPABILITY
Build Innovation Capabilities that last
Read more



Blog articles

Four things you can do to make innovation happenBy Amy MullerIn todays "lean" organization time and attention are a scarce commodity. What can companies do to make innovation happen efficiently and successfully?
Identifying Opportunities for Disruptive InnovationBy Michel van HoveDisruptive innovation that challenges well established industry business models promises opportunity for some and instills fear in others.
Framing Innovation ChallengesBy Mercy SalazFraming innovation challenges is of critical importance when leadership decides to engage their employees in innovation activities. But to set them up successfully is not as easy as it looks. Here are a few pointers how to get it started the right way.



 SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

Creating a Culture for Innovation
&nbsp


EmailFacebookLinkedinTwitter

















Strategos Group












0%


THE VISIONARY STARTS WITH A CLEAN SHEET OF PAPER, AND RE-IMAGINES THE WORLD. MALCOLM GLADWELL
If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship,  he would keep it in port forever. Thomas Aquinas
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. Sun Tzu
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo, I want to overthrow it. Niccolo Machiavelli
As iron sharpens iron, so one person sharpens another. Proverbs 27:17 – NIV

Enter














Who We Are
Strategos Group is a value-creating team of public affairs leaders. Our relationships, insights and experience translate into offerings that meet a wide variety of dynamic client needs.
 
We provide highly strategic counsel to top-level executives with a core emphasis on client impact within our trinity of services: Government Advocacy, Business Transaction Advisory and Public Opinion Architecture. This model leverages our broad capabilities, allowing for greater creativity and provides unique, high-impact public results for our client partners.
                            
We are organized around CORE VALUES, which are fulfilled by our team every day.
                            
Our INTEGRITY positions us as a firm that people trust and admire for our ability, ethics and commitment to those we serve, as well as our loyalty to each other.
                            
Our unique experience, intellectually rigorous approach and dedication to innovation provide incomparable INSIGHT into clients needs.
                            
Our intellectual creativity, ideation and technology expertise contribute to problem solving INNOVATION in the relentless pursuit of client value.
                            
We seek to build real, long-term, mutually rewarding RELATIONSHIPS with our team members, our clients and our community.
                            
We strive every day to deliver client value through game-changing IMPACT.
Who We Are 










OUR WORK
At Strategos Group, we pride ourselves on providing our clients with high level public affairs solutions that deliver maximum results. We have been fortunate to work with some great organizations on some really exciting projects. Click here to read about some of our recent success.











Who are the strategoi?
The strategoi were a political party, founded within Ancient Greece in the 4th Century B.C. and was primarily comprised of Athenian generals. Due to the socioeconomic and political nature of the time, these generals began to impact the Athenian political front. Special political offices were created based on the strategoi philosophy that military experience was an important aspect of providing political leadership.
                            
The landscape of the world during the strategoi's influence called for a greater presence of military action, which meant that these generals were constantly in the public eye. A government run by the people and for the people, as ancient Greece was, wanted their society represented by a group of individuals who fought for the rights of everyone, had major successes on the battlefield, and admired the rule of ethical authority: the strategoi represented all of these cornerstones.
                            
Like the strategoi of Ancient Greece, we at Strategos Group are trusted advisors who serve the community through humility and high ideals.















ADVOCACY 


ADVOCACY 


                       We provide Local, State and Federal legislative lobbying and regulatory affairs. Through our deep knowledge and experience within the legislative and regulatory process, our understanding of the complexity of the issues our clients face, and as trusted advisors to our clients and policy makers, we are able to strategically position our clients' legislative priorities and influence positive government outcomes.  
                    




ADVISORY 


Business Transaction Advisory 


                        Committed to facilitate high-impact business growth and transaction advisory for companies by leveraging our strategic relationships, business expertise, and political and policy insight. We serve as a trusted advisor, accountable partner and growth driver for our clients in the areas of public procurement, business-to-business development, public-private partnerships, mergers & acquisitions, real estate and private equity
                    




ARCHITECTURE 


Public Opinion Architecture 


                        The public is more informed and powerful than ever. We work with our clients to build connections with stakeholders through communications.  We do this by building authentic relationship and establishing dialogue with key public audiences, identifying public obstacles and responding rapidly to situations that threaten reputation. Our core areas of emphasis include public advocacy campaigns, community outreach and engagement, crisis and reputation management, digital strategy and implementation, government affairs, and media relations. As an extension of our clients' public affairs team, we work with them to determine and implement what is needed to achieve desired results.
                    





ADVOCACY 
ADVISING 
ARCHITECTURE 

TRINITY OF SERVICES










Trey TraviesaPARTNER

 Back to Team
            A. "Trey" Traviesa is co-founder and managing partner of Strategos Group. 
            A. "Trey" Traviesa has served a diverse variety of private and public sector missions during his multi-faceted career.  In government and the political arena, as well as in the business world, the U.S. Navy and in his local community, Trey's body of work and public service reflect his passion for innovation, disruptive growth and organizational transformation, leadership and community impact.
            A serial entrepreneur and C-level leader, Trey's business experience spans 25 years in a variety of high-level venture capital, corporate finance and operational leadership endeavors in Washington, D.C., New York, Austin, Dallas, Beijing, Mumbai, Budapest and Florida.
            In 2009, Trey founded Fort Brooke Merchant Partners, LLC, a Florida-based merchant banking firm focused on providing equity capital, M&A advisory services and strategic business advisory services to entrepreneurs focused on building high-growth disruptive innovators.
            Prior to founding Fort Brooke, Trey served as President and COO of Laser Spine Institute, a highly disruptive, venture-backed health services innovator.  Trey led the company through a period of operational transformation, hyper-growth and national expansion as the company became the #1 provider of minimally invasive spine surgery in the U.S.   During this period, LSI grew revenue 300% and delivered 400% in realized investor returns.
            In 2004, Trey was elected to the Florida House of Representatives.  Between 2004 and 2008, Trey represented Tampa and certain areas of East Hillsborough County as a leader in the Florida House of Representatives. He also served as an officer in the U.S. Navy Reserves.
            He remains active in Florida and national politics and policy through his role on the board of directors for Jeb Bush's Foundation for Florida's Future as Chairman of the Board of Associated Industries of Florida, the leading advocacy organization for major business and industry in the state, and as a member of the Board of Trustees for Florida TaxWatch, the leading Florida voice for responsible tax and budget policy.
            Committed to various charitable causes, Trey is active with Christ the King Catholic Church, the Tampa Museum of Art, Trinity Café, and the Pediatric Cancer Foundation.
            A native Floridian, Trey graduated from Florida State University with a bachelor's degree in finance and received an MBA from the University of Texas at Austin.  Trey also completed graduate studies in Finance related to his MBA at Instituto de Estudios Superiores de Administracion, in Caracas, Venezuela.
            Trey is married to Nina Tosta Traviesa of Maracaibo, Venezuela, formerly a fashion designer in New York City's Fashion District. Trey met Nina when they were both working in New York in 1998 and they have been happily married since 1999. Nina was appointed by Governor Jeb Bush to serve on Florida's Commission on Volunteerism. Their two daughters, Alexa, age sixteen and Amelia, age fourteen, attend Academy of the Holy Names in Tampa, Florida.
        








Dr. Tony Bennett 

 Back to Team
                    For nearly 30 years, Dr. Tony Bennett has dedicated his life to educating students. He began his career in southern Indiana as a high school science teacher and basketball coach, quickly advancing to school administration while building a reputation as a leader with talent for school management, strategic planning, and effective budgeting. After serving as district superintendent, Tony was elected as Indiana's Superintendent of Public Instruction in 2009. He also served as Commissioner of Education in Florida before starting TBX2, Inc./Education Reform Strategies, a consulting company focusing on supporting cutting edge reforms.
                    As State Superintendent, Tony led Indiana through what most consider the most comprehensive, student-focused education reform initiatives in the nation. Focused on choice, greater accountability and freedom, a partial list of Tony's accomplishments included the creation of the nation's most-expansive school voucher program, developing one of the top-rated educator effectiveness programs in the nation, and boldly taking over failing schools. During his tenure in Indiana, the state saw record high school graduation rates and participation and success rates in Advanced Placement courses and exams. Student achievement on the state's ISTEP assessment also rose dramatically during that same period. Under Bennett's leadership, Indiana achieved improvement in the state's NAEP results that ranked among the top 3 in the United States. Bennett's leadership quickly earned him a national reputation among government and education leaders. In 2010, the Indiana Chamber of Commerce named Tony Government Leader of the Year and, in 2011, The Fordham Institute named him Education Reform Idol
                    Tony's high expectations for students and commitment to involving community partners have also made him a key player in the national education reform efforts. He served on the board of the Council for Chief State School Officers, the governing board of the Partnership for the Assessment for Readiness for College and Career (PARCC), and was a founding member and former chair of Chiefs for Change.
                    He received his doctorate degree in Education and his Superintendent's License from Spalding University. He earned his Certification in Secondary Administration and Supervision, a Master of Science in Secondary Education, and a Bachelor of Science in Secondary Education from Indiana University Southeast.
                    Dr. Bennett, a devoted father of four, resides in New Albany, Indiana with his wife Tina and beloved dog, Teddy.
                








Jim HornePARTNER

 Back to Team
                    Jim Horne was elected to the Florida Senate in November 1994 in his first run at political office. Jim brought his financial expertise and keen business acumen to the Senate and quickly emerged as a leader. He was selected in 1996 to chair the Education Appropriations committee and in 1998 to chair the Finance and Tax committee and in 2000 to chair the full Ways and Means committee. Senator Horne was catalyst behind many of the education reforms spearheaded by Governor Bush and that are now national models. Senator Horne also championed a complete rewriting of Florida's telecommunications laws. As a budget chairman he was responsible for all facets of government spending including infrastructure, healthcare, transportation, education, agriculture and the environment. Senator Horne was a key cog in Governor Bush's plans for education reform and was tapped by Governor Bush in 2001 to take the reins of the Nation's first ever K-20 system of education. Senator Horne resigned a year early on his senate term of office and became the State's first ever appointed Commissioner of Education. As Commissioner he took on the challenge of reorganizing three separate delivery systems (Universities, Community Colleges and K-12) into one efficient seamless system of education. Jim was also responsible for implementing the most robust education reforms in the Nation and overseeing the distribution of the entire K-20 budget of nearly $20 billion dollars
                He merged his firm, the Horne Group with Strategos Group in January 2013.  Strategos Group is a public affairs innovator and leading provider of strategic public affairs services to businesses in Florida. Strategos specializes in delivering integrated solutions to its clients, leveraging government advocacy, business growth advisory, and communications capabilities.  This merger has proven to be a very good endeavor for both firms.
                








Todd LambPARTNER

 Back to Team
                    Todd D. Lamb – Former Senior Official – U.S. Department of Education
                    Mr. Lamb spent the last 10 years working with State education agencies across the U.S. and has lobbied and campaigned on a variety of issues including State and district procurement in education, gaming and public safety issues.
                    Previously, from 2001 to 2004, Mr. Lamb served as Special Assistant to President Bush at the U.S. Department of Education. He also served as the Department's White House liaison for history and special civics initiatives, including the President's Council on Service and Civic Participation. Additionally, Mr. Lamb was in charge of the Department's charter school outreach and managed the 2002 National Charter School Conference.
                    In 2010, Mr. Lamb managed the successful $6 million Jobs & Revenue for Anne Arundel County Campaign in Maryland enabling the licensing and construction of the Arundel Mills Casino (Maryland Live) to support education funding in the State.
                    In 2014 Mr. Lamb was named to Maryland Governor Larry Hogan's Education Transition Team focusing higher education policy.  
                








Tonnie WybensingerPartner

 Back to Team
                Tonnie is a senior political strategist and public policy expert with extensive experience managing advocacy campaigns.​ She joined the firm to lead our DC Public Opinion Architecture and Business Transaction Advisory practice areas for both non-profits and for profit enterprises. Tonnie's political acumen and track record of unprecedented success in advising political and issue advocacy campaigns will undoubtedly help Strategos grow it's already- thriving advisory business. Strategos clients will further benefit from Tonnie's expertise as she will work with, and as an extension of, our clients' public affairs and government advocacy teams.  In that capacity, she will provide counsel to determine and implement what is needed to achieve desired results by developing broader advocacy strategies that align with business objectives.
                Previously, Tonnie has served in a variety of public policy and political leadership roles, and is a known influencer on Capitol Hill.  Shortly into her Congressional career, she served as Legislative Director and Chief of Staff to Rep. Tom Feeney (R-FL), making her the youngest Chief of Staff in Congress during that time. After Tom Feeney left Capitol Hill in 2008, House Financial Services Subcommittee Chairman Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-MO), and subsequently, Rep. Bill Posey (R-FL) hired Tonnie to build their political teams and lead their offices as Chief of Staff. She not only counseled Members navigate Congressional offices through political up and downs, committee assignments, fundraising, strategic communications, and campaign management, but in addition, during her tenure on the Hill, Tonnie helped to launch the House Conservatives Fund in her spare time.  She took regular leaves of absence to consult Republican candidates such a Peter Roskam (R-IL) and Daniel Webster (R-FL) on behalf of the National Republican Congressional Committee.  Consequently, she succeeded in energizing first time campaigns by introducing innovative media, grassroots engagement and debate strategy, garnering game-changing endorsements, and accelerating fundraising efforts.  She most recently served as Staff Director and principal Legislative Advisor to then- Ranking Member Senator Pat Toomey (R-PA), one of the main authors of the JOBS Act, on the U.S. Senate Banking Committee--previously working on Senator's campaign as well. 
                Tonnie has been an integral part of the private sector in government relations in numerous roles, including as a Vice President at the Financial Services Roundtable, and as Director of Government Affairs the Investment Company Institute. Indeed, in 2012, Tonnie played key roles in two efforts recognized by The Hill as "Top Ten Lobbying Victories" that year.  In addition to graduating from the Ohio State University with a B.A. in International Relations and Economics, in 2013, Tonnie earned a certificate in Reputation Management from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.
            








Jennings DePriest 

 Back to Team
                    Jennings DePriest is an Associate with Strategos Group. He primarily works with clients in the Government Affairs and Business Transaction Advisory practice areas.Prior to joining the Strategos team, Jennings worked at the Florida Chamber in their Government Affairs and Political Operations teams on a variety of pro-business legislative issues and campaigns.  Before joining the Chamber, he worked with the Republican Party of Florida on grass root campaigns.Along with his work at Strategos Group Jennings serves our nation as a Military Intelligence Officer with the Florida Army National Guard. He also volunteers his time as a board member of TalTech Alliance, the Stacey Webb Arts Foundation, and as the Treasurer of the Leon County Republican Executive Committee.Jennings holds a B.S. in Economics with a certificate in Markets and Institutions from Florida State University. A native Floridian, Jennings currently resides in Tallahassee with his dog Galt and enjoys reading, skydiving, and sporting clays.
                








Adam GieryPrincipal

 Back to Team
                    Adam is a principal with Strategos Group. He primarily works with clients within the Government Advocacy and Business Transaction Advisory practice areas.
                    Adam joined Strategos Group after a successful tenure with the Florida Chamber of Commerce. In his role as Director of Education, Talent & Quality of Life Policies, he was the primary advocate for their education and workforce policies, along with myriad pro-business initiatives. 
                    Prior to the Florida Chamber, Adam served as Governor Rick Scott's liaison with business and community leaders throughout northwest Florida. In this capacity, he planned and executed events for the Governor, Lt. Governor and First Lady, including the State of the State, Ambassador visits, national press conferences and hurricane response events. Adam began his career teaching Civics, American History and Government in Florida's K-12 educational system.
                    Adam has received several honors for his leadership and academic performance. This fall he was selected to participate in the James Madison Leadership Fellows program, an ongoing educational opportunity for senior-level government relations professionals who are dedicated to advancing American politics. In 2013 he was a member of Leadership Florida's Connect Florida Class, a statewide leadership program for young professionals, and currently serves on its Board of Directors. In that same year, Adam was recognized by SaintPetersBlog as a "30 Under 30 Rising Star of Florida Politics." In 2010 he was selected to participate in the state's most prestigious scholarship program, the Florida Gubernatorial Fellows. Through this program, he worked with the Department of Education, Division of Florida Colleges, to develop Finish Up Florida!, the state's first online adult degree completion program.
                    Adam holds a B.S. in Secondary Education and an M.A. of Higher Education Policy Studies from the University of Central Florida. He graduated with the University's highest honor, the Order of the Pegasus, an award given to a select group of student for exemplary academic performance, university and community involvement and leadership.
                








Tara Reid  

 Back to Team
                    Tara Reid is an associate with Strategos Group. Prior to joining the firm in 2015, she served as the Aide to the Chairman of the Republican Party of Florida (RPOF). In this role, she served as a liaison between the Chairman and national and state party leaders as well as RPOF staff. Previously, she served at RPOF as the Content and Community Manager on the Rick Scott for Florida campaign's digital team. In this role, she was responsible for developing and implementing a social media strategy that would enhance voter engagement. Preceding her tenure at RPOF, she served as the Administrative Assistant at The Advocacy Group at Cardenas Partners. During college, Tara was an intern at the Florida Retail Federation.
                    In 2016, she was recognized by Florida Politics as a "30 under 30" Rising Star of Florida Politics. In the same year she was selected to participate in the Florida TaxWatch Citizenship Institute, a training program for emerging business and community leaders. She is a mentor for the Take Stock in Children scholarship program in Leon County.
                    Tara attended Florida School of the Arts where she studied Musical Theatre before transferring to Florida State University to earn a bachelor's degree in Political Science. She is a 4th generation Floridian from Palatka and resides in Tallahassee.
                
























GIVING HOPE FOR KIDS
During the most recent economic downturn, many organizations that rely on government funding for their programs saw a sharp decline in the amount of money they received from both state and federal government. This put many organizations in an unbelievable predicament, having to make choices about what programs and services to scale back or eliminate. This was especially difficult for non-profits like AMIkids, a national organization that operates some of the most effective juvenile justice programs across the country.
 
During the 2014 Florida legislative session, the challenge for AMIkids was to increase the money it received through state funding. In order to effectively do this, they needed to position themselves among key stakeholders, including legislators, as an organization that is dedicated to the success of our children in the juvenile justice system and that its programs provides a high return on investment.
 
The first step in the process was to identify the specific needs of the organization and explore funding opportunities that would help accomplish those needs. In addition, they need to position themselves as a leader in supporting kids in the juvenile justice system.
 
Through our understanding of the regulatory process and the specific needs of AMIkids, as well as our commitment to such an important cause, we were able to secure additional funding for the organization in the state budget.
 
In addition, our government advocacy work for AMIkids also contributed to an overall successful session for the juvenile justice system in Florida. Several bills were passed and the overall budget increased. Most importantly, there was a 50 percent increase in supplemental funding for the Department of Juvenile Justice. This increase in funding will not only contribute to the success of youth participating in programs through AMIkids, but through other organizations that offer similar programs.  

Projects like this provide our team a sense of what is really important in our state. Having a lasting, positive impact on the lives of children is what matters most.










DIVERTING CRISIS THROUGH COMMUNICATION
In Spring 2012, Cargill Corporation, a global provider of food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services, was challenged with a high-stakes, crisis-like situation. The finely textured beef (FTB) business was dominated by a one-month, high-profile, media and online attack led by an ABC World News reporter, a school food blogger, food activists, and others.  In less than one month, 80% of Cargill's FTB business was gone as the frenzy over "Pink Slime" caused retail customers to banish this beef product from their stores.
 
This was another example where the weight of science and fact was trumped by emotion, requiring a deft, well-researched approach to build confidence among its most critical stakeholders—its customers—while taking into account the concerns of shoppers.
 
We were engaged by Cargill to help them persuade their customers to reintroduce FTB in their stores. Our research revealed a grocery store's reintroduction of ground beef containing FTB is highly unlikely to impact consumers' shopping habits or opinions about the grocery store. In addition, the research revealed consumers overwhelmingly believe ground beef that contains FTB should be labeled and that customers should be able to choose ground beef with or without FTB.
 
Armed with this research, Cargill was able to confidently take a leadership role on FTB education, demonstrating its commitment to "owning the issue" through the launch of an FTB-specific digital program (housed at www.groundbeefanswers.com), and a recent announcement that it would label every shipment of ground beef including FTB—an industry leading move.
 
In keeping with our research findings, responses to the labeling announcement received no backlash and only 10% of the media mentions the original "pink slime" activist-driven controversy generated. In fact, the response to the announcement was overwhelmingly positive, even drawing accolades from bloggers and activists who were previously FTB's biggest critics.











RAISING VISIBILITY AND THIRD PARTY ENDORSEMENT THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA
Standardized testing among elementary grades and high school students has become a normal part of the primary education curriculum across the United States. In 2013, the state of Florida was looking for a new standards-based assessment provider to offer the standardized testing to Florida students as key lawmakers and Gov. Rick Scott called for a fazing out of the FCAT examination.  
 
As one of five companies bidding on the new contract, ACT Aspire was hoping to differentiate itself from its competitors. As the first linear digital assessment system to connect student performance from kindergarten through 12th grade, the provider thought it had a good shot.
 
However, there was one challenge to overcome. ACT Aspire is a recently new startup without a track record backed by the well-known national brand that facilitates national college admissions examinations across the county, ACT.
 
We were engaged by ACT Aspire to help them maximize impact among key legislators and statewide constituents who care about education and the state's standardized testing procedures.  We developed a two-part solution: government advocacy coupled with a solid communications strategy.
 
With our deep experience in education reform and our understanding of the state's bidding process, we were able to position ACT Aspire favorably with key legislators across the state. A public awareness campaign was created to capitalize on the success of the national brand, but distinguish ACT Aspire as a separate organization focusing on primary education.
 
We built a state-specific microsite called "Right for Florida" using social media tools, including Facebook and Twitter.  The purpose of the site was to identify stakeholders and reinforce messages that would help constituents understand the difference between ACT and ACT Aspire, how ACT Aspire stood out among its competitors, and provide general information about state assessments. We also worked with traditional media outlets, like the Tampa Bay Times, to obtain earned media coverage about ACT Aspire. 
 
As part of the social media engagement profile, we performed regular ongoing research and analysis. The analytics on the website showed a steady increase in page views and unique visitors over the course of the project. In fact, the "Right for Florida" site had the highest percentage of unique visitors among other state-specific ACT Aspire sites across the country. We were also able track that website traffic was coming from public school districts across the state and the Florida Department of Education – the stakeholders we were hoping to engage. Many visitors were staying on the site for more than 10 minutes and viewing eight or more pages per visit. 
 
This project helped raise the profile of ACT Aspire among key constituents. It was evident that through these efforts we were able to establish third party attention that helped influence key decision makers.











SECURING PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITIES
Republic Services is a publicaly traded waste services company that provides collection, recycling, and disposal services to residential, commercial and industrial customers throughout the United States. They have contracts with various governments throughout Florida.
 
After several years of providing collection services to Hillsborough County, Republic Services was faced with a challenge. In order to lower prices, ensure quality services and have more control over the solid waste stream in Hillsborough County, county commissioners put out to bid garbage collections in September 2012. The goal was to award three to five vendors contracts to cover five collection zones across the county, each with about 50,000 households. Each company would be eligible to provide services to no more than two zones.
 
The incumbents, including Republic Services, were required to bid along with several others on the new contracts. Companies were asked to bid on a range of garbage collection options, including manual pick-up and automated collection for garbage and recycling.
 
Success for Republic Services was to win a contract for one zone. In order to do that, they needed to differentiate themselves among their competitors – specifically by offering a competitive bid that provided Hillsborough County residents the best value in collection services.
 
                            We were engaged by Republic Services to guide them through the procurement process and facilitate communication with key stakeholders.  Republic Services received a new 10-year contract with the county, including an extension option of three-years and both zones. The new contact began in October 2013.





















Trisha Armenta
Trisha Armenta is an Administrative Assistant with Strategos Group.  Trisha attended Bellarmine University, where she played Division II basketball and earned her undergraduate degree in Criminal Justice.  She later returned to Bellarmine, where she earned her Masters in Arts and Teaching.  Most recently, Trisha earned her Masters in Educational Leadership from Western Governor's University.  She is married to Chad Armenta, who is a police officer.  Chad and Trisha live in New Albany, Indiana with their 4-month old son, Gatlin and their two dogs, Buddy and Puppy.  She attends St. Anthony of Padua Catholic Church.  Trisha enjoys working out and spending time with her family.
read more
close







Carol Serna
Carol Serna is an executive assistant with Strategos Group. Her experience includes several administrative roles within state government. She served as the Florida Department of Education Liaison for Northeast Florida under the first appointed Commissioner of Education, Jim Horne.
read more
close







Chris Sparks
Chris Sparks is the business office manager at Strategos Group and executive assistant to the managing partner. She is responsible for administrative management of the firm.
                        Chris has more than 20 years of executive and office management experience. Prior to joining Strategos Group she was the executive assistant for the EVP and CFO of Florida Crystals Corporation, a privately owned, fully integrated cane sugar producer with farming, filling, refining, packaging and distribution operations. She also spent time with ASR Group, the world's largest cane sugar refining company with operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico and Europe. Chris is a decorated military veteran, having served in the United States Air Force in Saudi Arabia during Desert Storm.
                        Chris is a member of the International Association for Administrative Professionals. Active in her family church, she also volunteers with neighborhood cleanup and meal service at Trinity Café.  Chris is a fervent dog rescuer as is evidenced by the three that currently let her live in "their house".
                        A transplant from Houston, Texas, Chris relocated to Tampa from West Palm Beach in 2013 with her husband Brian, their daughter Caitlin, and dogs Poppy, Bevo and Lulu. Her family attends St. Mary Catholic Church and she likes yoga, books and running with her dogs.
                    
read more
close







Melisa Taylor
Melisa Taylor is an Administrative Assistant and Facilities Manager with Strategos Group.  She has a background in Human Resources, Accounting, Office Management, and Recruiting. Melisa loves baking, art, science, nature and her animals. 
read more
close





Staff







Phone: 
813.321.1400




A. Trey Traviesa: 

ttraviesa@strategosgroup.com



Chris Sparks: 

csparks@strategosgroup.com



James W. "Jim" Horne: 

jhorne@strategosgroup.com



Carol Serna: 

cserna@strategosgroup.com



Adam Giery: 

agiery@strategosgroup.com



Dr. Tony Bennett:

tbennett@strategosgroup.com



Tara Reid:

treid@strategosgroup.com



Jennings DePriest: 

jdepriest@strategosgroup.com



Trisha Armenta:

tarmenta@strategosgroup.com



Melisa Taylor:

mtaylor@strategosgroup.com



Todd Lamb: 

tlamb@strategosgroup.com



Tonnie Wybensinger: 

twybensinger@strategosgroup.com


address
Main: 4320 W. Kennedy Blvd. | Tampa, FL 33609

Tallahassee: 200 W. College Ave. Suite 224 | Tallahassee, Florida 32301

Jacksonville: Post Office Box 8339 | Fleming Island, FL 32006





CONTACT US







STRATEGOS RESEARCH PARTNERS, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    STRATEGOS RESEARCH PARTNERS, INC.











Company number P03000070237
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number


Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 10/1/2004
        

Date Of Incorporation 6/25/2003
        

Principal Address
            1304 CATHERINE STREET, ORLANDO, FL, 32801
            


Mailing Address 1304 CATHERINE STREET, ORLANDO, FL, 32801
        
STRATEGOS RESEARCH PARTNERS, INC. Principals

President
                Searl Kimberly A
                 


Address
                1304 CATHERINE ST, ORLANDO, FL, 32801
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name SEARL               KIMBERLY      A (p)
        

Agent Address
                1304 CATHERINE ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32801
                

STRATEGOS RESEARCH PARTNERS, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 10/1/2004
            

Description
STRATEGOS RESEARCH PARTNERS, INC. has been set up 6/25/2003 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The STRATEGOS RESEARCH PARTNERS, INC. principal adress is 1304 CATHERINE STREET, ORLANDO, FL, 32801. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1304 CATHERINE STREET, ORLANDO, FL, 32801. 
The company`s registered agent is SEARL               KIMBERLY      A 1304 CATHERINE ST., ORLANDO, FL, 32801.  
The company`s management are President - Searl Kimberly A. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 10/1/2004. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
STRATEGOS SECURITY DEVICES, CORP.
STRATEGOS SERVICES, LLC
STRATEGOUS
STRATEGOUS, INC.
STRATEGUS ASSOCIATES, INCORPORATED
STRATEGUS COMMUNICATIONS INC














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











STRATEGOS PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS LLC - FREEMAN, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



FREEMAN



Service Establishment Equipment



Service Establishment Equipment



                            STRATEGOS PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS LLC
                                    



 





















S 


STRATEGOS PROFESSIONAL PRODUCTS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7901 E STATE ROUTE W FREEMAN, MO 64746
Get Directions



(816) 899-2342





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $94,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Service Establishment Equipment
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Strategos Professional Products Llc was founded in 2010, and is located at 7901 E State Route W in Freeman. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $94,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Home




























Identifying and providing usable technological solutions
Providing small solutions to big problems
















WHAT WE DO




Strategos is comprised of three distinct divisions designed to compliment one another to provide the highest quality service and products.










CONSULTING SERVICES









ENGINEERING SERVICES









TRAINING SERVICES







Strategos Consulting was established in 2008 to identify and ultimately provide usable technological solutions to the United States Government and its partners in the Global War on Terror. The company is focused on finding and mentoring niche technologies, and provides guidance, direction, and potentially capital to help new technologies reach a level of maturity necessary to respond to mission needs.
 
Companies (no matter small, medium or large) who are forced to navigate the federal procurement process often find it to be an excruciating experience, with an endless number of well-intentioned regulations that either compel them out of the running or load them up on endless amounts of red tape. There are many companies, that offer a solution to this, but few that understand the effort is well beyond a written proposal; that 85% of the endeavor is articulating the capability, matching it to requirement, introducing it to the customer/s, and most importantly portraying the company as a resource.




Often times, great technology was designed in a cubicle, with primary emphasis on the technology and little on the requirements and rigors of operational use. Strategos Technology Transference was established in 2012 to meet the needs of our clients requiring engineering and prototyping related services to allow military implementation of their technology.  “Providing small solutions to big problems” has allowed us opportunity to assist these companies with:
 
- CAD design (Solid-works, Rhino)
- Composite, plastic and metal engineering,   tooling and construction
- Man-machine interface development (ergonomics and functionality)
- Rapid prototyping services (SLS, SLA)
- Integration hardware and mechanisms (bracketry, housings and integration  kits)
- Design refinement and ruggedizing




In 2009, we created Strategos Training, a professional training company focused on providing education and training to United States military personnel, international security personnel and commercial industry focused on the maritime environment, technology, and strategic planning. Strategos Training specializes in training analysis, training plan development, curriculum development and execution of training requirements. Strategos offers basic and advanced training to United States Navy Special Boat Teams, law enforcement, security personnel and military professionals worldwide covering a wide-range of missions and tactical situations in a maritime environment. In 2012 Strategos Training launched our Learning Management System; this system provides an eLearning capability to each of our clients to include; program and course development, eLearning training program management, administrative support and the hosting of the client’s eLearning site.













PORTFOLIO




With years of experience in  consulting, design and training, we have some projects to show for it.




LAUNCH A GALLERY BELOW






Clients







Engineering






Training


Maritime Services





ABOUT




Our clients present us with no simple tasks. Instead, they typically challenge us with projects that include high levels of uncertainty and few obvious answers. Yet the impact of this work often makes possible either the success of existing organizations or the creation of entirely new ones.
 
Our approach is to consider the problems from a holistic view, with a variety of analytical angles, present a range of options, and ultimately recommend the path the client should follow. In business, as in the military, strategy bridges the gap between policy and tactics. Together, strategy and tactics bridge the gap between ends and means; however, strategy without implementation is a promise unfulfilled. As result, our mission includes ensuring that our clients internalize the strategies we develop and fully realize their potential by putting them into practice.











CONTACT US














MEET THE TEAM




Strategos has the best and brightest in the field. This strong team is the backbone of everything we do.









JEFF WILLIAMS




PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO)









DAVE WYLIE




VICE PRESIDENT TRAINING SERVICES









WES INSKEEP




VICE PRESIDENT ENGINEERING









JASON TEUTON




DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT AND CONSULTING

























CONTACT US




LET'S TALK ABOUT IT




Here at Strategos we look forward to meeting new and exciting clients, or just hearing your questions and comments. Please contact us!
 
 
ADDRESS: 3033 Fifth Ave. Suite 400, San Diego, Ca 92103
 
 















ENTER NAME


ENTER EMAIL



Submitting Form...




The server encountered an error.




Form received.





SUBMIT MESSAGE




ENTER YOUR MESSAGE


ENTER PHONE NUMBER








VALIDATING TECHNOLOGY WITH EXPERIENCE










2015 | DESIGN BY PFM




































