
Strongbridge Biopharma plc (SBBP.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Strongbridge Biopharma plc (SBBP.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcarePharmaceuticals












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				SBBP.O on Nasdaq


				6.80USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.25


					            (+3.82%)
					        






Prev Close

$6.55


Open

$6.50




Day's High

$7.05


Day's Low

$6.40




Volume

141,715


Avg. Vol

73,483




52-wk High

$7.89


52-wk Low

$2.00












					Full Description



Strongbridge Biopharma plc, incorporated on May 26, 2015, is a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for a range of diseases. The Company's commercial product, KEVEYIS (dichlorphenamide), is indicated for the treatment of hyperkalemic, hypokalemic and related variants of primary periodic paralysis, a neuromuscular disorder. The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted orphan drug designation for KEVEYIS.The Company has a clinical-stage pipeline of therapies for endocrine diseases. The Company's lead compounds include COR-003 (levoketoconazole) and COR-005 (veldoreotide). The Company's product candidate, COR-003, is a cortisol synthesis inhibitor. The Company is studying COR-003 for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome. The Company is conducting a Phase III trial of COR-003 for patients with endogenous Cushing's syndrome. The Company's product candidate, COR-005, is a somatostatin analog (SSA). The Company is investigating COR-005 for the treatment of acromegaly, with additional applications in Cushing's syndrome and neuroendocrine tumors. COR-005 is being optimized for sustained release and subcutaneous delivery. Both COR-003 and COR-005 have received orphan designation from the FDA and the European Medicines Agency (EMA).

» Full Overview of SBBP.O







					Company Address



Strongbridge Biopharma plc
900 Northbrook Dr Ste 200TREVOSE   PA   19053-8433
P: +1610.2549200F: +1215.3557389







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 John Johnson

--




							 Matthew Pauls

782,698




							 A. Davis

--




							 Stephen Long

--




							 Robert Lutz

292,482




» More Officers & Directors





					Strongbridge Biopharma plc News




BRIEF-Strongbridge Biopharma secures $53 mln financing from CRG

Jul 17 2017 
BRIEF-Strongbridge Biopharma Plc posts Q1 loss per share $0.83

May 16 2017 
BRIEF-Strongbridge Biopharma files for mixed shelf offering of up to $150 mln

Apr 28 2017 
BRIEF-Strongbridge Biopharma Plc phase 3 sonics study more than 80 pct enrolled

Mar 27 2017 

» More SBBP.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcarePharmaceuticals




























veldoreotide - Strongbridge Biopharma






































veldoreotideYou are leaving this siteYou are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.CloseOK 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance




















Strongbridge Biopharma plc - IPO Candy






































 Skip to primary navigation Skip to content 



BecomeaMember





 


IPO CandyEveryone's favorite site for IPO insights and analysis.Main navigationHome » Strongbridge Biopharma plcStrongbridge Biopharma plc
01/20/2016 by   Strongbridge Biopharma plc, a biopharmaceutical company, through its subsidiary, Cortendo AB (publ), develops, acquires, and commercializes product candidates that target rare diseases. The company’s lead product candidate, COR-003 (levoketoconazole), is a cortisol inhibitor that is in the Phase 3 trial for the treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. It also has two product candidates, COR-004 and COR-005 in Phase 2 clinical development to treat acromegaly. In addition, it is developing BP-2001, a pre-clinical product candidate for the treatment of diabetes. The company was formerly known as Cortendo plc and changed its name to Strongbridge Biopharma plc in September 2015. Strongbridge Biopharma plc was founded in 1996 and is based in Trevose, Pennsylvania.
 


Strongbridge Biopharma plc


Strongbridge Biopharma plc, a biopharmaceutical company, through its subsidiary, Cortendo AB (publ), develops, acquires, and commercializes product candidates that target rare diseases. The company’s lead product candidate, COR-003 (levoketoconazole), is a cortisol inhibitor that is in the Phase 3 trial for the treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. It also has two product candidates, COR-004 and COR-005 in Phase 2 clinical development to treat acromegaly. In addition, it is developing BP-2001, a pre-clinical product candidate for the treatment of diabetes. The company was formerly known as Cortendo plc and changed its name to Strongbridge Biopharma plc in September 2015. Strongbridge Biopharma plc was founded in 1996 and is based in Trevose, Pennsylvania.

Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn




Strongbridge Biopharma plc<p>Strongbridge Biopharma plc, a biopharmaceutical company, through its subsidiary, Cortendo AB (publ), develops, acquires, and commercializes product candidates that target rare diseases. The company’s lead product candidate, COR-003 (levoketoconazole), is a cortisol inhibitor that is in the Phase 3 trial for the treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. It also has two product candidates, COR-004 and COR-005 in Phase 2 clinical development to treat acromegaly. In addition, it is developing BP-2001, a pre-clinical product candidate for the treatment of diabetes. The company was formerly known as Cortendo plc and changed its name to Strongbridge Biopharma plc in September 2015. Strongbridge Biopharma plc was founded in 1996 and is based in Trevose, Pennsylvania.</p>
PAUnited StatesPhone: 610-254-9200




SBBP


                Developing drugs for rare diseases
            

Documents
Roadshow



Main CategoryHealthcare
CategoriesDrugs


Contact


        http://www.strongbridgebio.com
    
610-254-9200
    








Address900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200, Trevose, Pennsylvania, 19053, United States
            





 









We love IPOs
The IPO market provides a magical window into the most exciting technologies, emerging consumer trends and important business developments - all testing their mettle in the crucible of the public markets. We are constantly learning and researching to deliver the best insights available.










We are independent
We have no vested interests driving our work. All the investment banks and brokers on a deal are paid to do a sales and marketing job. Our job is to remain objective and use a fact-based approach to evaluate the potential for an IPO.










We get the best ratings
IPO Candy has been recognized since 2009 as the single best place to get commentary, analysis and assets in the IPO market. The most common write-in comment we get from users is that they "love what we do."










We share everything we know
With three decades of research under our belt we want to share what we have learned and the best practices we have discovered. Our IPO University contains texts, videos and resources to share our process and help everyone develop their skills.






Become an IPOCandy Member
Enjoy the benefits of full access to our content including access to IPO roadshow slideshows and transcripts included in our posts. Members also get additional insights via email, receive our monthly Candygram and have access to our IPO calendar.
Become a Member



















Strongbridge Biopharma’s History & Milestones








































Company HistoryFounded in 1996 in Sweden as Cortendo AB, our original focus was on regulating cortisol secretion in patients with diabetes.
In the course of reinventing, refocusing, and reinvigorating the company, Strongbridge Biopharma has reached a series of pivotal business and clinical milestones.
2016: An Important Year for Strongbridge
In December 2016, Strongbridge Biopharma acquired the US rights to KEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide). This acquisition is part of our commitment to expand our portfolio and help meet the needs of patients with rare and orphan diseases that are underdiagnosed and undertreated.
Key Milestones
Recent clinical milestones reflect our focus on rare diseases and our organizational agility in meeting the challenges of drug development. 


For KEVEYIS important safety information, please see full Prescribing Information (PDF).You are leaving this siteYou are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.CloseOKLearn more about our investigational therapiesRECORLEV™ (levoketoconazole) and veldoreotide
 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance























Strongbridge Biopharma Cushing’s Syndrome & Acromegaly








































AcromegalyBased on recent publications, we estimate that 67,000 patients in the US and EU, combined, are currently diagnosed with acromegaly.1
 Acromegaly is typically caused by benign pituitary tumors that oversecrete growth hormone, which leads to elevated levels of IGF-1, producing the clinical signs and symptoms that characterize acromegaly.2 These effects may manifest slowly over the course of a decade or more.2


Clinical Development in Acromegaly
Veldoreotide is a novel investigational product under development by Strongbridge for use in treating acromegaly.
The safety and efficacy of veldoreotide for treatment of acromegaly have not been established.
References
Company-sponsored analysis and published research including Jakob Dal “Incidence and late prognosis of acromegaly in Denmark: preliminary data” (2010).
Lugo G, Pena L, Cordido F. Clinical manifestations and diagnosis of acromegaly. Int J Endocrinol. 2012;540398. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2012/540398. Accessed December 3, 2015.
Ayuk J, Sheppard MC. Does acromegaly enhance mortality? Rev Endocr Metab Disord. 2008;9(1):33-39.
Bates AS, Van’t Hoff W, Jones JM, Clayton RN. An audit of outcome of treatment in acromegaly. Q J Med. 1993;86(5):293-299.
Dekkers OM, Biermasz NR, Pereria AM, Romijn JA, Vandenbroucke JP. Mortality in acromegaly: a metaanalysis. J Clin Endocrinol Metab. 2008;93(1):61-67.
Manjila S, Wu OC, Khan FR, et al. Pharmacological management of acromegaly: a current perspective. Neurosurg Focus. 2010; Oct29(4):E14.
Mayo Clinic Staff. Diseases and Conditions: Acromegaly: Symptoms. Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research website. http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/acromegaly/basics/symptoms/CON-20019216. Accessed December 3, 2015.

You are leaving this siteYou are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.CloseOKRare Disease ResourcesOnline information and supportReferences
Company-sponsored analysis and published research including Jakob Dal “Incidence and late prognosis of acromegaly in Denmark: preliminary data” (2010).
Lugo G, Pena L, Cordido F. Clinical manifestations and diagnosis of acromegaly. Int J Endocrinol. 2012;540398. http://dx.doi.org/10.1155/2012/540398. Accessed December 3, 2015.
Ayuk J, Sheppard MC. Does acromegaly enhance mortality? Rev Endocr Metab Disord. 2008;9(1):33-39.
Bates AS, Van’t Hoff W, Jones JM, Clayton RN. An audit of outcome of treatment in acromegaly. Q J Med. 1993;86(5):293-299.
Dekkers OM, Biermasz NR, Pereria AM, Romijn JA, Vandenbroucke JP. Mortality in acromegaly: a metaanalysis. J Clin Endocrinol Metab. 2008;93(1):61-67.
Manjila S, Wu OC, Khan FR, et al. Pharmacological management of acromegaly: a current perspective. Neurosurg Focus. 2010; Oct29(4):E14.
Mayo Clinic Staff. Diseases and Conditions: Acromegaly: Symptoms. Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research website. http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/acromegaly/basics/symptoms/CON-20019216. Accessed December 3, 2015.

 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance























Rare Disease Portfolio - Strongbridge Biopharma





































Rare Disease PortfolioStrongbridge is dedicated to bridging treatment gaps in rare diseases like primary periodic paralysis, endogenous Cushing’s syndrome and acromegaly.
Our franchise-based model allows us to leverage company expertise—in both the clinical and commercial development realms—to provide a range of therapeutically-aligned products.
Rare Disease Assets
In addition to our lead drug candidates, which have begun clinical development and have been granted orphan drug designation from both the FDA and EMA, we have acquired the US rights to KEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide), the first and only FDA-approved treatment for hyperkalemic, hypokalemic, and related variants of Primary Periodic Paralysis. KEVEYIS has also been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA.
A Growing Portfolio of Products
 Indication/Target DiseasePreclinicalPhase IPhase IIPhase IIIMarketedKEVEYIS®(dichlorphenamide)Primary Periodic Paralysis (FDA Approved) (FDA orphan drug designation)MarketedRECORLEV™(levoketoconazole)Endogenous Cushing's syndrome (FDA and EMA orphan drug designation)Phase IIIveldoreotide(veldoreotide)Acromegaly (FDA and EMA orphan drug designation)Phase II
KEVEYIS®: The First and Only FDA-Approved Treatment for Hyperkalemic, Hypokalemic, and Related Variants of Primary Periodic Paralysis1
KEVEYIS is proven to reduce attacks of primary periodic paralysis.1 Read more about KEVEYIS®.
RECORLEV (levoketoconazole): Cortisol Synthesis Inhibitor for Endogenous Cushing’s Syndrome*
RECORLEV (levoketoconazole) is being evaluated in SONICS, a phase 3 trial for patients with endogenous Cushing’s syndrome. Originally developed as a potential treatment for patients with diabetes, Strongbridge pivoted the focus of clinical development for RECORLEV (levoketoconazole) to treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome in 2012. Read more about RECORLEV (levoketoconazole).
Veldoreotide: Novel Somatostatin Analogue for Acromegaly*
Veldoreotide is a somatostatin analogue (SSA) with a differential somatostatin receptor subtype binding profile. 
* The safety and efficacy of RECORLEV (levoketoconazole) and veldoreotide have not been established.
KEVEYIS® Indication
KEVEYIS® is indicated for the treatment of primary hyperkalemic periodic paralysis, primary hypokalemic periodic paralysis, and related variants.1
Important Safety Information
In clinical studies, the most common side effects of KEVEYIS were a numbness or tingling, difficulty thinking and paying attention, changes in taste, and confusion. These are not all of the possible side effects that you may experience with KEVEYIS. Talk
    to your doctor if you have any symptoms that bother you or do not go away.

KEVEYIS is not for everyone. Do not take KEVEYIS if you:

Are on a high-dose aspirin regimen
Are allergic to sulfa-based drugs
Have liver, kidney, or certain lung conditions
Are pregnant, planning to become pregnant, or nursing
Are under 18 years old


    Taking KEVEYIS may cause a drop in the amount of potassium (an electrolyte) in your body, which can lead to heart problems. Ask your doctor if you need to eat foods that contain high amounts of potassium while taking KEVEYIS.


    Your body may produce too much acid or may not be able to remove enough acid from body fluids while taking KEVEYIS. Your doctor will run tests on a regular basis to check for signs of acid buildup and may reduce your dose or stop your treatment with KEVEYIS.


    KEVEYIS may also increase the risk of falls, especially in elderly patients and patients taking high doses of KEVEYIS. Use caution when driving, operating machinery, or performing any other hazardous activities while taking KEVEYIS, as this medication may cause drowsiness.

You are encouraged to report side effects to Strongbridge Biopharma at 1-855-324-8912, or to the FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or visit www.fda.gov/medwatch/. For more information, go to www.keveyis.com.
For additional KEVEYIS important safety information, please see full Prescribing Information (PDF).
Reference
KEVEYIS® [package insert]. Trevose, PA: Strongbridge Biopharma; 2015.

You are leaving this siteYou are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.CloseOKReference
KEVEYIS® [package insert]. Trevose, PA: Strongbridge Biopharma; 2015.

 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance























Strongbridge Biopharma











































RARE FOCUSRARE COMMITMENTRARE PASSIONJoin Our TeamLearn more about becoming part of a team that is driven by passion and focused on results.Acquisition Of KEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide)Learn more about this FDA-approved product for patients with an ultra-rare disease.Phase 3 Cushing’s Syndrome TrialSONICS is enrolling patients with endogenous Cushing’s syndrome.




Focus on Bridging Treatment Gaps
At Strongbridge Biopharma, our focus on rare diseases has resulted in a portfolio of innovative treatments for rare endocrine conditions, as well as the acquisition of the US rights to KEVEYIS.







Committed to Positive Results
At Strongbridge Biopharma, we are committed to delivering better results for patients, healthcare providers, employees, and investors.
Learn more about the Strongbridge difference







Passion for Compassion
The Strongbridge team is passionate about making a positive difference in the lives of patients with rare diseases. It’s why we’re here.
Meet the Strongbridge leadership team


 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance























Strongbridge Leadership Team





































Leadership TeamPassion for Compassion
Our leadership and management teams are focused on meeting patients’ needs in rare medical conditions and committed to delivering results for all Strongbridge stakeholders.
Matthew PaulsPresident and CEOBoard of Directors“Our mission is to bridge treatment gaps for patients with rare diseases.”Matt has more than 20 years of leadership experience in the pharmaceutical industry, with an emphasis on specialty pharma and rare disease. He brings extensive general management and commercial leadership experience to Strongbridge Biopharma, including US and global product launches and brand management, business development, clinical development, and technical operations. Before joining Strongbridge, Matt was chief commercial officer at Insmed, a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company. Prior to that, he served as senior vice president, head of global commercial operations at Shire Pharmaceuticals and also held senior positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb in brand management and payer marketing, and at Johnson & Johnson in various US and global commercial roles.
Matt was previously a member of the board of directors at Mast Therapeutics, Inc., and currently serves on the board of directors of Strongbridge Biopharma, Savara Pharmaceuticals, and is a volunteer board member of the Pennington School in Pennington, New Jersey, and the Boys & Girls Clubs of Philadelphia.
Matt holds an MBA and BS degree from Central Michigan University and earned his JD from Michigan State University College of Law.
Fredric Cohen, MDChief Medical OfficerLorem IpsumFred joined Strongbridge in 2015 and has held roles of increasing responsibility, including senior vice president, global research and development, and vice president, clinical research and development. Fred is an endocrinologist by training with more than 20 years of drug and business development experience, most recently focused in development and commercialization of rare disease and specialty products. Prior to joining Strongbridge, Fred provided strategic and operational counsel to life science companies, actively supporting their development and licensing functions. Prior to that, he served as executive director, clinical pipeline, at Aptalis Pharma, where he was responsible for innovation strategy as well as building and advancing the company’s specialty pharma pipeline. He has also held research and development positions with Johnson & Johnson and Eli Lilly & Company.
Fred holds an MD from Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine and an AB in biology from Franklin and Marshall College.
A. Brian DavisChief Financial Officer“Our goal is to do right by all stakeholders, not just shareholders.”Brian has more than 20 years of experience in management and financial activities with life sciences companies, including equity and debt financings, restructuring activities, strategic transactions, and negotiations involving partnering, licensing, drug discovery, and clinical development. Most recently, he served as senior vice president and CFO at Tengion. Earlier in his career, he held a series of positions of increasing responsibility during his 15 years at Neose Technologies, including senior vice president and CFO.
Brian holds an MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a BS in accounting from Trenton State College.
Stephen LongChief Legal Officer“We’re here to meet the challenges posed by rare diseases.”Steve’s 20-year career has been focused on navigating the legal complexities faced by life sciences companies, including publicly traded, development, and commercial-stage firms. Corporate governance, transaction structuring and negotiation, complex litigation, compliance initiatives, intellectual property management, regulatory and clinical matters, and public company representation have all fallen under his purview. Steve has served as an attorney at Reed Smith LLP and spent 12 years at C.R. Bard, where he rose through the organization to become vice president, general counsel, and secretary. He has also served as assistant general counsel at Warner-Lambert Company.
Steve received his JD from Albany Law School of Union University and a BS from the School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University.
Robert LutzChief Business Officer“We’re in the business of improving care for patients with rare diseases.”Rob leads the business development efforts and commercial strategy implementation at Strongbridge Biopharma. He brings 25 years of experience in finance, business development, and product management to the team. Prior to joining Strongbridge, Rob worked at Shire for 10 years in a number of diverse roles with increasing global responsibility. He also draws upon substantial experience in the financial and energy sectors.
Rob holds an MBA from the Kellogg School of Management and a BA in economics and computer science from Amherst College.
Dave BonnellSenior Vice President, Sales and MarketingLorum Ipsum.Dave has more than 25 years of commercial experience within the biopharmaceutical industry. Before joining Strongbridge, he served as vice president, rare disease and GI specialty sales at Shire Pharmaceuticals, where he directed multiple highly-specialized sales teams, focused on two rare diseases: hypoparathyroidism and short bowel syndrome. Prior, Dave served as vice president, neuroscience sales at Shire, where he successfully led the ADHD sales organization. In addition, he served in a variety of sales and marketing leadership positions at AstraZeneca.
Dave holds a BS in business administration from Central Michigan University.James R. Englund, CPA, CMAVice President, Corporate ControllerLorem IpsumJim has nearly 30 years of experience in finance and accounting fields, with nearly 15 years in pharmaceutical industry finance for commercial-stage companies. Prior to joining Strongbridge, Jim served as corporate controller at Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for nearly 10 years. Jim has also held positions at IMS Health Corporation and Aventis Behring Corporation. He began his career with positions at Coopers and Lybrand and Sundstrand Corporation (now United Technologies) before focusing on the pharmaceutical sector.
Jim holds a BS in accounting from Rockford University and is a certified public accountant.
Ann HutchinsonVice President, Portfolio OptimizationLorem IpsumAnn brings a unique blend of marketing, financial, and business development skills applied to the commercialization of life science innovations. For more than 20 years, she has been passionate about bringing vision, clarity and momentum to biopharmaceutical companies’ pipeline opportunities. Before joining Strongbridge in 2015, she led the commercial launch of Daytrana® (methylphenidate) at Shire, the first transdermal medication for the treatment of ADHD. For the next eight years she led a consultancy which focused on expanding her clients’ capacity to pursue new product opportunities, providing strategic marketing insights during design of clinical development programs, and enhancing launch plans to accelerate product trial and adoption. Prior, Ann spent 17 years with Merck, gaining experience with business development, market research, sales, and marketing – including a ten-year emphasis on marketing planning for products in Phase I through launch.
Ann received her MBA in finance from Columbia University and a BS in chemical engineering from Penn State.Stephen J. Moloney, MDVice President, Global Medical AffairsLorem IpsumStephen brings more than 20 years of global medical affairs experience. He joined Strongbridge from PTC Therapeutics where he served as vice president, medical affairs and was responsible for prelaunch planning and launch efforts for genetic neuromuscular orphan disease product development in the Americas region. Prior, Stephen led several key product launches in genetic and rare diseases, serving as executive medical director at Aegerion, senior medical director at Shire Human Genetic Therapies, European medical director at Aspreva Pharmaceuticals, and roles of increasing responsibility at GlaxoSmithKline and AstraZeneca.
Stephen holds an MD from Bristol University and completed a residency at Newcastle University, both in the United Kingdom.Steven L. Schoenfeld, MDVice President, Clinical Research and DevelopmentLorem IpsumSteve’s clinical development career includes over 27 years of multi-national drug development experience. Prior to joining Strongbridge, he served as senior vice president, clinical development at Viking Therapeutics where he was responsible for small molecules development for endocrine disorders, leading IND submissions and authoring key data presentations and publications. Prior to Viking Therapeutics, Steve served as vice president, clinical affairs at ArmaGen Therapeutics and CalciMedica Inc., and in several positions of increasing clinical responsibility under various divisions of Pfizer.
Steve holds an MD from New York Medical College and received his BS in biomedical sciences at the Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education of the City College of New York.Susan ThorntonVice President, Regulatory AffairsLorem IpsumSusan has nearly 20 years of senior regulatory affairs experience with specialty pharmaceutical companies. Before joining Strongbridge, Susan was vice president, regulatory affairs, at Antares Pharma, where she served as a key contributor for the submission, approval, and launch of the company’s first commercialized product. Prior, she held roles of increasing responsibility at Aptalis Pharma, Inc.; Barrier Therapeutics; and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA. Her development and postapproval product experience includes gastroenterology, rheumatology, dermatology, urology, biologics, generics, and devices.
Susan holds an MS degree in quality assurance and regulatory affairs from Temple University School of Pharmacy and a BS in chemistry from Rider University. 
Peter J. ValentinssonSenior Vice President, Global Technical OperationsLorem IpsumPete has 25 years of technical operations experience in bringing new pharmaceutical products to the global marketplace, with specific experience in formulation development, process development, scale-up, technology transfer, and validation for both sterile and nonsterile products. He has held positions of increasing seniority at both large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including serving most recently as vice president, global pharmaceutical sciences, at NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which was acquired by Shire. Previously he served as senior director, pharmaceutical sciences quality, and also headed one of the product development groups at Schering-Plough Research Institute.
Pete holds an MS and a BS degree in chemical engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology.
Scott WilhoitSenior Vice President, Global Market Access and Patient ServicesLorem IpsumScott brings nearly 30 years of industry experience, most of which has been focused within market and patient access in the rare disease category. He most recently served as vice president, market and patient access at Marathon Pharmaceuticals, where he designed and developed the access strategy, including a comprehensive patient services and distribution model. Previously, Scott served as vice president, market access and health services at PTC Therapeutics, leading the pre-launch market access strategy and tactical planning efforts for the company’s Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy treatment. In addition, he served as vice president, pricing, access and patient services at NPS Pharmaceuticals Inc. Scott has also served in a variety of positions with increasing responsibility at Clarus Therapeutics, Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Biovail Corporation and Johnson & Johnson.
Scott served as a Field Artillery Officer in the U.S. Army and holds a BS in criminology from Missouri Western State University.PreviousNextLeadership TeamMatthew Pauls President and CEOBoard of DirectorsFredric Cohen, MD Chief Medical OfficerA. Brian Davis Chief Financial OfficerStephen Long Chief Legal OfficerRobert Lutz Chief Business OfficerSenior Management TeamDave Bonnell Senior Vice President, Sales and MarketingJames R. Englund, CPA, CMA Vice President, Corporate ControllerAnn Hutchinson Vice President, Portfolio OptimizationStephen J. Moloney, MD Vice President, Global Medical AffairsSteven L. Schoenfeld, MD Vice President, Clinical Research and DevelopmentSusan Thornton Vice President, Regulatory AffairsPeter J. Valentinsson Senior Vice President, Global Technical OperationsScott Wilhoit Senior Vice President, Global Market Access and Patient ServicesYou are leaving this siteYou are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.CloseOKStrongbridge Financial InformationWe are building a strong financial foundation to enable clinical innovation 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance























Strongbridge Biopharmaceutical Careers & Job Openings





































CareersStrongbridge is an agile organization that focuses on developing and commercializing treatments for patients with rare diseases. Our team is always on the lookout for focused, committed, and passionate people. If that describes you, check out our open positions.
Current Positions
Although we have no open positions right now, we’re always on the lookout for people who can make us stronger. Send your resume to HR@strongbridgebio.com so that we can consider you when we have a position that matches your profile.
Take a look at our current career opportunities below. If one of these opportunities seems like a good fit, send your résumé to HR@strongbridgebio.com. Be sure to include the job title in the subject line of your email.
 
Business Development

Executive Director, Business Development

You are leaving this siteYou are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.CloseOKKEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide)Learn more about this FDA-approved product for patients with an ultra-rare disease. 






© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA™ is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        KEVEYIS® is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
                        MLR010 V7 12/2016
                    

                        900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
                        Trevose, PA 19053
                        United States
                        Phone: +1 610-254-9200
info@strongbridgebio.com


Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance
























Strongbridge Biopharma Plc Added To The Russell 3000® Index - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Strongbridge Biopharma Plc Added To The Russell 3000® Index






GlobeNewswire



Jun 26, 2017 7:30 AM EDT













 
















































 DUBLIN, Ireland and TREVOSE, Pa., June 26, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Strongbridge Biopharma plc (NASDAQ:SBBP), a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for rare diseases with significant unmet needs, today announced that it has been added to the broad-market Russell 3000® Index, which includes the small-cap Russell 2000® index, at the conclusion of the Russell indexes annual reconstitution, effective after the U.S. market opens on June 26, 2017. Annual Russell indexes reconstitution captures the 4,000 largest U.S. stocks as of the end of May, ranking them by total market capitalization. Membership in the U.S. all-cap Russell 3000® Index allows for automatic inclusion in the large-cap Russell 1000® Index or small-cap Russell 2000® Index. FTSE Russell determines membership for its Russell indexes primarily by objective, market-capitalization rankings and style attributes. Russell indexes are widely used by investment managers and institutional investors for index funds and as benchmarks for active investment strategies. Approximately $8.4 trillion in assets are benchmarked against Russell's U.S. indexes. Russell indexes are part of FTSE Russell, a leading global index provider. For more information on the Russell 3000® Index and the Russell indexes reconstitution, visit the "Russell Reconstitution" section on the FTSE Russell website.  About   Strongbridge Biopharma  Strongbridge Biopharma is a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for rare diseases with significant unmet needs. Strongbridge's first commercial product is KEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide), the first and only FDA-approved treatment for hyperkalemic, hypokalemic, and related variants of Primary Periodic Paralysis. KEVEYIS has orphan drug exclusivity status in the U.S. through August 7, 2022. In addition to establishing this neuromuscular disease franchise, the Company has a clinical-stage pipeline of therapies for rare endocrine diseases. Strongbridge's lead compounds include RECORLEV ™ (levoketoconazole), a cortisol synthesis inhibitor currently being studied for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome, and veldoreotide, a next-generation somatostatin analog being investigated for the treatment of acromegaly, with potential additional applications in Cushing's syndrome and neuroendocrine tumors. Both RECORLEV and veldoreotide have received orphan designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency. For more information, visit  www.strongbridgebio.com.   Contacts:Corporate and Media RelationsElixir Health Public RelationsLindsay Rocco+1 862-596-1304lrocco@elixirhealthpr.comInvestor RelationsUS:The Trout GroupMarcy Nanus+1 646-378-2927mnanus@troutgroup.comEurope:First HouseMitra Hagen Negård+47 21 04 62 19strongbridgebio@firsthouse.noUSA900 Northbrook DriveSuite 200Trevose, PA 19053Tel. +1 610-254-9200Fax. +1 215-355-7389    



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













Perrigo, Taro Show Perils of Failure to Branch in Branded Drugs
The latest earnings from two of the largest generic drug makers show how important it is for generic firms to have their own stable of higher-margin branded products.



William McConnell

May 23, 2017 4:05 PM EDT
























Take a Look at These Stocks Poised to Trade Higher
These 5 stocks under $10 look poised to potentially trade higher.



TheStreet Staff

Feb 16, 2017 3:14 PM EST
























These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Explode Higher
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under $10 stocks that could trigger big breakout trades soon.



Roberto Pedone

Feb 16, 2017 1:34 PM EST
























These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Explode Higher Soon
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under-$10 stocks triggering breakout trades.



Roberto Pedone

Jan 12, 2017 1:18 PM EST








































 











Trending


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


iPod Nano, Shuffle Are Dead; Here Are 8 Other Discontinued Apple Products











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 































Strongbridge Biopharma plc Secures $53 Million Financing From CRG | Strongbridge Biopharma plc – IR Site















        Skip to main navigation
      

















				 
					Investors 
								









 





Back




Strongbridge Biopharma plc Secures $53 Million Financing From CRG




~ Financing Comprised of $50 Million Credit Facility and $3 Million Equity Investment ~~ Simultaneously Retiring Existing Debt ~~ Funds Received at Close Provide Sufficient Cash Under Current Operating Plan to Extend Cash Runway to Positive Cash Flow~
DUBLIN, Ireland and TREVOSE, Pa., July  17, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Strongbridge Biopharma plc, (Nasdaq:SBBP), a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for rare diseases with significant unmet needs, today announced that it has entered into a $50 million senior credit facility with CRG LP (“CRG”), a healthcare-focused investment firm, to retire its existing debt facility and provide additional capital for the Company.  Strongbridge initially borrowed $40 million under the term loan agreement and has the option to borrow an additional $10 million based upon the achievement of certain revenue milestones on or prior to June 30, 2018. Concurrent with this first tranche, CRG purchased $3 million of the Company’s ordinary shares at a price of $6.98 per share. 
“We are pleased to have both the support and confidence of CRG, a premier partner known for its strategic investments to support the growth of healthcare companies,” said Matthew Pauls, chief executive officer of Strongbridge. “We executed this financing to transform the financial outlook of the Company by fully funding our operating plan until we attain positive cash flow. The funds received at closing provide sufficient resources for us to build upon the early uptake and demand that we are seeing for KEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide), and to fund RECORLEV™ (levoketoconazole) through potential regulatory approval and launch,” Pauls added.
“Strongbridge is in a unique position to address major areas of unmet need in rare disease," said Luke Düster, managing director at CRG. “CRG looks forward to working with Strongbridge as they continue to build their global business and advance their product pipeline. Our due diligence has confirmed our belief that Strongbridge's portfolio has great potential and that access to funds from this financing will help build value for the Company.”
The term loan agreement has a six-year term with three years of interest-only payments. The interest-only period may be extended to six years based upon the achievement of certain milestones during the first three years of the loan term. As a condition to the new credit facility, the Company issued warrants with a seven-year term to CRG to purchase 394,289 of the Company’s ordinary shares at an exercise price of $7.37 per share. After the retirement of existing debt and payment of expenses associated with the financing, Strongbridge intends to use the remainder of the upfront proceeds from the credit facility and equity investment for general corporate purposes and working capital.
Additional details regarding this financing will be available in the Company’s Current Report on Form 6-K to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Armentum Partners served as financial advisor to Strongbridge for this transaction. 
About Strongbridge BiopharmaStrongbridge Biopharma is a global commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapies for rare diseases with significant unmet needs. Strongbridge's first commercial product is KEVEYIS® (dichlorphenamide), the first and only FDA-approved treatment for hyperkalemic, hypokalemic, and related variants of Primary Periodic Paralysis. KEVEYIS has orphan drug exclusivity status in the U.S. through August 7, 2022. In addition to establishing this neuromuscular disease franchise, the Company has a clinical-stage pipeline of therapies for rare endocrine diseases. Strongbridge's lead compounds include RECORLEV™ (levoketoconazole), a cortisol synthesis inhibitor currently being studied for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome, and veldoreotide, a next-generation somatostatin analog being investigated for the treatment of acromegaly, with potential additional applications in Cushing's syndrome and neuroendocrine tumors. Both RECORLEV and veldoreotide have received orphan designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency. For more information, visit www.strongbridgebio.com.
About CRGCRG is a premier healthcare-focused investment firm with more than $3.0 billion of assets under management across more than 45 portfolio companies. The firm seeks to commit between $20 to $300 million in each investment across the healthcare spectrum, including: medical devices, biopharmaceuticals, tools & diagnostics, services and information technology. CRG provides growth capital in the form of long-term debt and equity to support innovative, commercial-stage healthcare companies that address large, unmet medical needs. The firm partners with public and private companies to provide flexible financing solutions and world-class support to achieve exceptional growth objectives with minimal dilution. CRG maintains offices in Boulder, Houston and New York. For more information, please visit www.crglp.com.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this press release, are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events and involve known and unknown risks, including, without limitation, uncertainties regarding Strongbridge's strategy, plans, future financial position, anticipated investments, costs and results, outcomes of product development efforts, status and results of clinical trials and objectives of management for future operations. The words "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "project," "target," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and Strongbridge Biopharma does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by applicable law.
Contacts:

Corporate and Media Relations
Elixir Health Public Relations
Lindsay Rocco
+1 862-596-1304
lrocco@elixirhealthpr.com

Investor Relations
U.S.:
The Trout Group
Marcy Nanus
+1 646-378-2927
mnanus@troutgroup.comEurope:
First House
Mitra Hagen Negård
+47 21 04 62 19
strongbridgebio@firsthouse.noUSA900 Northbrook Drive
Suite 200
Trevose, PA 19053
Tel. +1 610-254-9200
Fax. +1 215-355-7389

Strongbridge Biopharma plc







  Print Page   RSS Feeds  E-mail Alerts  IR Contacts 














You are leaving this site


You are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.

CloseOK












© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
               STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA ™
               is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
               
               KEVEYIS ®
               is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
               
               MLR010 V7 12/2016
            

               900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
               
               Trevose, PA 19053
               
               United States
               
               Phone:
               +1 610-254-9200info@strongbridgebio.com
Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance
















Strongbridge Biopharma PLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















strongbridge biopharma plc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
Strongbridge Biopharma PLC operates as a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development, in-licensing, acquisition and commercialization of complementary product candidates across multiple franchises that target rare diseases. The Company distributes their products globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

900 Northbrook Drive
Suite 200
Trevose, PA 19053
United States


Phone:
1-610-254-9200


Fax:
1-215-355-7389


Web url:
www.strongbridgebio.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company










President/CEO
Company


Matthew Pauls
Strongbridge Biopharma PLC








Board Members
Company


Jeffrey Sherman
Horizon Pharma PLC


Hilde Steineger
Pronova Biopharma ASA


Garheng Kong
Healthquest Capital Management Co LLC


Richard Kollender
Rapid Micro Biosystems Inc


Marten Steen
Healthcap GP SA




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




Strongbridge Biopharma plc Secures $53 Million Financing From CRG

Jul 17, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc Completes Target Enrollment of 90 Patients in the Phase 3 SONICS Study Evaluating RECORLEV™ (levok

Jun 27, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc Added to the Russell 3000® Index

Jun 26, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc Announces New Employment Inducement Awards

Jun 23, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc to Participate in the JMP Securities Life Science Conference

Jun 13, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference

May 25, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc Provides Corporate Update and Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May 16, 2017



Strongbridge Biopharma plc Announces New Employment Inducement Awards

May 03, 2017






Key Executives


Matthew Pauls


President/CEO




A Brian Davis


Chief Financial Officer




Stephen J Long


Chief Legal Officer




Fredric Cohen


Sr VP:Research & Dev/Chief Medical Ofcr




Robert Lutz


Chief Business Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data























































Strongbridge Biopharma Plc - SBBP - Stock Price Today - Zacks









 




























 


Free Gift
	for Zacks.com visitors
 

		SBBP is up 3.82% today, but where's it headed in August?
 


   

 Privacy Policy

		No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever.
 


















 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 Strongbridge Biopharma PLC (SBBP)
(Delayed Data from NSDQ)



$6.80 USD
6.80
141,715


                +0.25                (3.82%)
              

Updated Jul 28, 2017 04:00 PM ET

After-Market: 
                $6.90

                +0.10 (1.47%) 
                6:09 AM ET





Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



                                                 2-Buy   2       




Style Scores:



F Value | B Growth | D Momentum | D VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Top 46%(121 out of 265) 
Industry: Medical - Biomedical and Genetics




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        









Quote Overview
















Stock Activity



Open
6.50


Day Low
6.40


Day High
7.05


52 Wk Low
2.00


52 Wk High
7.90


Avg. Volume
49,939


Market Cap
122.52 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
2.56





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
-0.34


Current Qtr Est
-0.34


Current Yr Est
-1.59


Exp Earnings Date
*BMO8/15/17


Prior Year EPS
-1.54


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA










Medical » Medical - Biomedical and Genetics



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for SBBP



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



News for SBBP

Zacks News for SBBP
Other News for SBBP



Strongbridge (SBBP) Shows Strength: Stock Moves Up 10.1%
06/28/17-7:15AM EST  Zacks

Forget Gilead, Buy These Small-Cap Biotech Stocks Instead
03/15/17-4:40PM EST  Zacks

SBBP: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Can The Uptrend Continue for Strongbridge Biopharma (SBBP)?
03/09/17-6:01AM EST  Zacks

Strongbridge Biopharma (SBBP) Jumps: Stock Moves Up 5.5%
08/11/16-7:15AM EST  Zacks


More Zacks News for SBBP




Healthcare - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 11:00 am
07/19/17-10:15AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Strongbridge Biopharma plc Secures $53 Million Financing From CRG
07/17/17-7:30AM EST  GlobeNewswire

Healthcare - Top 5 Gainers / Losers as of 11:00 am
06/29/17-10:15AM EST  Seeking Alpha

Strongbridge Biopharma plc Completes Target Enrollment of 90 Patients in the Phase 3 SONICS Study Evaluating RECORLEV¿ (levoketoconazole) in Endogenous Cushing¿s Syndrome
06/27/17-7:30AM EST  GlobeNewswire

Strongbridge Biopharma plc Added to the Russell 3000® Index
06/26/17-7:30AM EST  GlobeNewswire


More Other News for SBBP





Premium Research for SBBP





Zacks Rank


 Buy 2



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 46%(121 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 31% (11  out of 16) 



Style Scores

F Value | B Growth | D Momentum | D VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for SBBP

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Strongbridge Biopharma PLC
SBBP



BIOVERATIV INC
BIVV



Cellectis S.A.
CLLS



Enzo Biochem, Inc.
ENZ



Exelixis, Inc.
EXEL



Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
VRTX



AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
AVEO




See all Medical - Biomedical and Genetics Peers


 








Price and EPS Surprise Chart














1 Month
3 Months
YTD





Interactive Chart | Fundamental Chart



Billion Dollar Secret



Company Summary
Strongbridge Biopharma PLC is a biopharmaceutical company which develops, acquires and commercializes product candidates that target rare diseases. Its product candidate consists of COR-003, is a cortisol inhibitor, for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome, COR-004 and COR-005 to treat acromegaly, BP-2001, the treatment of diabetes which are in different clinical trial. Strongbridge Biopharma PLC is based in Trevose, Pennsylvania.   

















 





































Strongbridge Biopharma plc Provides Update on Corporate Progress | Strongbridge Biopharma plc – IR Site
















        Skip to main navigation
      

















				 
					Investors 
								









 





Back




Strongbridge Biopharma plc Provides Update on Corporate Progress













 Releasecaf946ce-99bd-47e4-888c-3b08fdb6735c_2146280.pdf 28.1 KB









Strongbridge Prioritizes Rare Endocrine Disease Portfolio Focus on COR-003 and COR-005
Strongbridge Provides Update on Cash Position – Existing Cash Sufficient to Fund Planned Operations Beyond Receipt of Data From COR-003 Phase 3 SONICS Trial
DUBLIN, Ireland and TREVOSE, Pa., March  07, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Strongbridge Biopharma plc (Nasdaq:SBBP), a global rare disease biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutic options, today announced an update on corporate progress.
“We believe that our rare endocrine disease assets, COR-003 and COR-005, have the potential to be innovative new treatment options for Cushing’s syndrome and acromegaly, respectively, where there is considerable unmet need. We look forward to reaching critical near-term development milestones for each asset, including the reporting of top-line data from the COR-003 SONICS trial during the first half of 2017 and finalizing the technology to be utilized for a long-acting formulation of COR-005 later this year. As part of our portfolio prioritization efforts, we have decided to initiate the return of COR-004 to Antisense Therapeutics. We also continue to evaluate opportunities to maximize Strongbridge’s growth potential, and believe that the Company’s current cash resources are sufficient to fund planned operations into the fourth quarter of 2017,” said Matthew Pauls, president and chief executive officer of Strongbridge Biopharma.
Strongbridge Prioritizes Rare Endocrine Disease Portfolio Focus on COR-003 and COR-005Strongbridge has prioritized its rare endocrine disease portfolio and will continue to advance clinical development of COR-003 (levoketoconazole), the Company’s lead product candidate, which is a cortisol inhibitor currently being studied in the global Phase 3 SONICS trial for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome. The Company will also continue to advance development of COR-005, a next-generation somatostatin analog (SSA) with a unique receptor binding profile, being investigated for the treatment of acromegaly, with potential additional applications in Cushing's disease and neuroendocrine tumors.
SONICS clinical trial enrollment continues to progress as planned, and the Company expects to report top-line data during the first half of 2017. For additional information about the SONICS trial, visit: http://cushingssyndromestudy.com/.
The Company expects to select and finalize the technology to be utilized for a proprietary long-acting formulation of COR-005 in 2016. Additional COR-005 development activities will be sequenced to ensure that the Company’s existing cash resources are sufficient to fund planned operations through the receipt of data from the COR-003 SONICS trial.
Both COR-003 and COR-005 have received orphan designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency.
As part of Strongbridge’s prioritization of its rare endocrine disease portfolio and following receipt of feedback from regulatory authorities on COR-004, the Company has initiated the return of COR-004, a second-generation antisense compound for the potential treatment of acromegaly, to Antisense Therapeutics. Following the return of COR-004, all rights to develop and commercialize COR-004 will revert to, and be the responsibility of, Antisense Therapeutics.
Further, given Strongbridge’s core strategic focus on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutic options for the treatment of rare diseases, the Company has decided not to invest further in the development of BP-2002, a gene-modified probiotic in pre-clinical development for the potential treatment of type 1 and 2 diabetes. The Company is currently exploring potential partnership and out-licensing opportunities for BP-2002.
Strongbridge Provides Update on Cash Position – Existing Cash Sufficient to Fund Planned Operations Beyond Receipt of Data from COR-003 Phase 3 SONICS TrialAs of December 31, 2015, Strongbridge had cash and cash equivalents of $51.4 million and no outstanding debt. The Company believes it has sufficient existing cash and cash equivalents to fund planned operations into the fourth quarter of 2017, which is after the expected receipt of data from the COR-003 SONICS trial.
Strongbridge is scheduled to present a corporate overview at the Cowen and Company 36th Annual Health Care Conference on Tuesday, March 8, 2016 at 10:00 a.m. EST in Boston, MA. The Company’s presentation will be webcast live and available on the “Events & Presentations” page in the investor section of the Company’s website at www.strongbridgebio.com.
About Strongbridge Biopharma Strongbridge Biopharma is a global rare disease biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of novel therapeutic options. Strongbridge’s lead product candidate, COR-003 (levoketoconazole), is a cortisol inhibitor currently being studied in the global Phase 3 SONICS trial for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome. Strongbridge’s rare endocrine disease franchise also includes COR-005, a next-generation somatostatin analog (SSA) being investigated for the treatment of acromegaly, with potential additional applications in Cushing's disease and neuroendocrine tumors. Both COR-003 and COR-005 have received orphan designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the European Medicines Agency. For more information, visit www.strongbridgebio.com.
Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, contained in this press release, are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events and involve known and unknown risks, including, without limitation, uncertainties regarding Strongbridge's strategy, plans, future financial position, timing of clinical study results, outcomes of product development efforts and objectives of management for future operations. The words "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "potential," "project," "target," "will," "would," or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and Strongbridge Biopharma does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by applicable law.
Contacts:

Corporate and Media Relations
Elixir Health Public Relations
Lindsay M. Rocco
+1 862-596-1304
lrocco@elixirhealthpr.com

Investor Relations
ICR Inc.Stephanie Carrington
+1 646-277-1282
Stephanie.Carrington@icrinc.com

USA900 Northbrook Drive
Suite 200
Trevose, PA 19053
Tel. +1 610-254-9200
Fax. +1 215-355-7389

Strongbridge Biopharma plc







  Print Page   RSS Feeds  E-mail Alerts  IR Contacts 














You are leaving this site


You are about to leave strongbridgebio.com. The link will take you to a website that may be maintained by a third party, which is solely responsible for its content. Strongbridge provides this link as a service to its web visitors, and is not responsible for the privacy policy or terms of use of any third-party website.

CloseOK












© 2017 Strongbridge Biopharma plc
               STRONGBRIDGE BIOPHARMA ™
               is a trademark of Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
               
               KEVEYIS ®
               is a registered trademark licensed exclusively in the US to Strongbridge Biopharma plc.
               
               MLR010 V7 12/2016
            

               900 Northbrook Drive, Suite 200
               
               Trevose, PA 19053
               
               United States
               
               Phone:
               +1 610-254-9200info@strongbridgebio.com
Comprehensive Compliance Program
California Statement of Compliance














