    Paul Stuka | InspireMD, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	InspireMD Announces Appointment Of Paul Stuka As Chairman Of The Board













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






InspireMD Announces Appointment Of Paul Stuka As Chairman Of The Board  











Tweet








6/2/2017 6:54:53 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


TEL AVIV, ISRAEL--(Marketwired - June      02, 2017) -   InspireMD, Inc. (NYSE MKT: NSPR) (NYSE MKT: NSPR.WS) ("InspireMD" or the "Company"), a leader in embolic prevention systems (EPS) / thrombus management technologies and neurovascular devices, today announced that Paul Stuka, who has served on the Company's Board of Directors since 2011, has been appointed Chairman of the Board, replacing Sol Barer, Ph.D., who is stepping down from the Board due to conflicting professional commitments, but will serve as a special advisor to the Board.

Mr. Stuka currently serves as the managing member of Osiris Partners, LLC, an investment fund, since 2000. Prior to forming Osiris Partners, LLC, Mr. Stuka was a managing director of Longwood Partners, managing small cap institutional accounts. In 1995, Mr. Stuka joined State Street Research and Management as manager of its Market Neutral and Mid Cap Growth Funds. From 1986 to 1994, Mr. Stuka served as the general partner of Stuka Associates, where he managed a U.S. based investment partnership. Mr. Stuka began his career in 1980 as an analyst at Fidelity Management and Research. As an analyst, Mr. Stuka followed a wide array of industries including healthcare, energy, transportation, and lodging and gaming. Early in his career he became the assistant portfolio manager for three Fidelity Funds, including the Select Healthcare Fund which was recognized as the top performing fund in the United States for the five-year period ending December 31, 1985.

James Barry, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of InspireMD, commented, "Both the management team and the Board are excited with the appointment of Paul as our new Chairman of the Board. Paul not only brings over 35 years of capital markets experience, which will be extremely valuable as we enter the next phase of our growth, but he also knows our company well given his role as a Director since 2011. He has an impressive track record helping micro- and small-cap companies navigate the capital markets and maximize shareholder value."

Mr. Stuka commented, "I am honored to become Chairman of InspireMD. Recent responses to our technology from key opinions leaders has been overwhelmingly positive and we look forward to capitalizing on this excitement as we rapidly grow our distribution network throughout the world. First and foremost, we are committed to maximizing value for shareholders by continued revenue growth, careful management of our expenses, and an eye on potential partnerships across our technology platform. I would also like the thank Sol Barer for his tremendous contributions as Chairman of the Board. His guidance and support over the years has been invaluable and we are grateful for his willingness to serve as a special advisor to the Board."

Dr. Barer concluded, "I remain confident in the outlook for the Company. Although my current responsibilities preclude me from serving on the Board, I look forward to remaining an active advisor, supporter and major shareholder of the Company."

About InspireMD, Inc.
InspireMD seeks to utilize its proprietary MicroNet™ technology to make its products the industry standard for embolic protection and to provide a superior solution to the key clinical issues of current stenting in patients with a high risk of distal embolization, no reflow and major adverse cardiac events.

InspireMD intends to pursue applications of this MicroNet technology in coronary, carotid (CGuard™), neurovascular, and peripheral artery procedures. InspireMD's common stock is quoted on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol NSPR and certain warrants are quoted on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol NSPR.WS.

Forward-looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking statements." Such statements may be preceded by the words "intends," "may," "will," "plans," "expects," "anticipates," "projects," "predicts," "estimates," "aims," "believes," "hopes," "potential" or similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, are based on certain assumptions and are subject to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control, and cannot be predicted or quantified and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with (i) market acceptance of our existing and new products, (ii) negative clinical trial results or lengthy product delays in key markets, (iii) an inability to secure regulatory approvals for the sale of our products, (iv) intense competition in the medical device industry from much larger, multinational companies, (v) product liability claims, (vi) product malfunctions, (vii) our limited manufacturing capabilities and reliance on subcontractors for assistance, (viii) insufficient or inadequate reimbursement by governmental and other third party payers for our products, (ix) our efforts to successfully obtain and maintain intellectual property protection covering our products, which may not be successful, (x) legislative or regulatory reform of the healthcare system in both the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, (xi) our reliance on single suppliers for certain product components, (xii) the fact that we will need to raise additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future and that such capital raising may be costly, dilutive or difficult to obtain and (xiii) the fact that we conduct business in multiple foreign jurisdictions, exposing us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, logistical and communications challenges, burdens and costs of compliance with foreign laws and political and economic instability in each jurisdiction. More detailed information about the Company and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward looking statements is set forth in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents free of charge on the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.




Investor Contacts:InspireMD, Inc.Craig ShoreChief Financial OfficerPhone: 1-888-776-6804 FREEEmail: craigs@inspiremd.com Crescendo Communications, LLCDavid WaldmanPhone: (212) 671-1021Email: NSPR@crescendo-ir.com 








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
UPDATE - InspireMD Announces Listing Of Warrants On The NYSE MKT   Controversial NantKwest CEO Appointed To National Health IT Advisory Committee  InspireMD Announces Closing Of Public Offering Of Approximately $14.6 Million   Founding CEO of Editas Medicine (EDIT) Lands New Gig at Top Biotech VC Firm  InspireMD Appoints Thomas Kester To Board Of Directors  Biogen (BIIB) Loses Yet Another Top Exec  InspireMD Announces First Two Patients In Hong Kong Successfully Treated With CGuard EPS  Struggling MannKind (MNKD) Replaces CEO  InspireMD Announces CGuard Embolic Prevention System Commercialization Approval In Russia   Meet The Former Twitter, Google (GOOG) Execs That Created A Biotech To Detect Cancer Earlier  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            InspireMD Ltd.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 

































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          












Paul S. Stuka - Founder & Chief Investment Officer at Osiris Investment Partners LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Paul S. Stuka
Founder & Chief Investment Officer at Osiris Investment Partners LLC



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Public Holdings 


Paul S. Stuka
Founder & Chief Investment Officer at Osiris Investment Partners LLC



 Overview



Age



62
                                  (Born 1955)
                                              




Notable Companies


Osiris Investment Partners LLC




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 163 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketwired
June 2, 2017





                        InspireMD Announces Appointment of Paul Stuka as Chairman of the Board                    







 Relationships
              See Details




James Barry

President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at InspireMD, Inc.




Jay M. Eastman

Founder at Caliber I.D. Inc.





Larry Michael Hone

Chief Executive Officer & Director at Caliber I.D. Inc.




Lyndia Downie

President & Executive Director at Pine Street Inn, Inc.





John H. McCarthy

Treasurer & Director at Pine Street Inn, Inc.




Megan N. Gates

Member (Attorney) at Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C.





Steve Kelley

Member, Board of Directors at Pine Street Inn, Inc.




Susan Tracy

Member, Board of Directors at Pine Street Inn, Inc.





Lawrence Battle

Former Director at Pine Street Inn, Inc.




Rocco J. Maggiotto

Chief Executive Officer at PWRCierge, LLC







See 153 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 153 More 


 


 Paths to Paul S. Stuka



            Paul S. Stuka          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Paul S. Stuka






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Paul S. Stuka.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Founder & Chief Investment Officer

                                    Current                


Osiris Investment Partners LLC


                  Osiris Investment Partners LLC is a hedge fund manager located in Boston.                




Principal & Managing Member

                                    2000 - Prior                


Osiris Partners LLC








                                    1995 - Prior                


State Street Research & Management Co.


                  SSR combines bottom-up stock selection with quantitative risk controls.The Asset Allocation committee formulates the asset allocation strategy based upon the relative attractiveness, variability and correlation between the equity and fixed income markets. The committee reviews a wide range of factors that include forecasts of corporate earnings, liquidity and an assessment of macroeconomic trends. The committee formally reviews allocation targets on a monthly basis.For active equity management they combine bottom-up stock selection based on comprehensive fundamental research with explicit sector weighting decisions and quantitative risk management. Teams manage portfolios.SSR believes that fixed income security prices respond to economic fundamentals in predictable but not perfectly efficient ways. They seek to identify opportunities created by these inefficiencies through fundamental research supported by quantitative risk controls.                




General Partner

                                    1986 - 1994                


Stuka Associates, Inc.






Assistant Portfolio Manager

                                    1980 - Prior                


Fidelity Management & Research Co.


                  Fidelity Management & Research Co.'s (FMR) investment approach is based on a rigorous, fundamental, bottom-up stock selection process. The firm seeks to identify and invest in the stocks of companies with the potential for long-term capital appreciation or companies with hidden or unrealized value.FMR uses a wide variety of investment strategies in managing client assets, including, but not limited to, investments in: stocks and other equity securities; stocks with growth or value characteristics; bonds and other debt securities and repurchase agreements for those securities; and real estate related investments. The firm may participate in short sales, margin transactions, and option writing, including covered options, uncovered options or spreading strategies. FMR invests in US and non-US issuers, including issuers in emerging or frontier markets. They invest in companies with small, medium and large market capitalizations. Investments are allocated across different asset classes, market sectors, maturities, countries, and regions. Investments may be made in the securities of companies engaged in particular industries or market sectors and in a combination of underlying Fidelity funds.Margin may be required in connection with certain client futures and options transactions or in connection with short sales. FMR does not engage in the purchase of securities on margin, except in connection with the clearance and settlement of securities transactions.FMR may engage in swap transactions and swaptions, including interest rate, total return and credit default; written covered call options; and futures transactions, currency spot and forward trading and other currency related derivatives. In addition, FMR may engage in securities lending to parties such as broker-dealers or other institutions.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


Longwood Partners LLC (Illinois)







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2013 - Current                  


Caliber I.D. Inc.

                    Lucid, Inc. is a medical technologies company that designs, develops, and markets innovative imaging solutions that shows tissue at the cellular level. The company offers in vivo confocal microscopes designed specifically for imaging skin and other tissue. Its Rapid Cell ID technology enables scientists and physicians to characterize intact normal and abnormal cellular architecture that is otherwise invisible to the naked eye. The company's product includes VivaScope, VivaScan, VivaNet and VivaCam. Lucid was founded by Jay M. Eastman on November 27, 1991 and is headquartered in Andover, MA.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2011 - Current                  


InspireMD, Inc.

                    InspireMD, Inc. is a medical device company, which engages in the development and commercialization of the stent platform technology for the treatment of complex vascular and coronary disease. Its products are marketed for use mainly in patients with acute coronary syndromes, notably acute myocardial infarction and saphenous vein graft coronary interventions. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Prior - 2016                  


Pine Street Inn, Inc.

                    Pine Street Inn, Inc. provides programs and services for homeless individuals. It offers a comprehensive range of services, including permanent supportive housing, job training and placement, emergency shelter, and street outreach. The company was founded by Paul Sullivan in 1969 and is headquartered in Boston, MA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


hopeFound, Inc.

                    hopeFound is dedicated to preventing and ending homelessness among men and women by helping them to achieve self-sufficiency, and to secure and maintain permanent housing.                  




Treasurer

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Alzheimer's Association - Massachusetts/New Hampshire Chapter

                    The mission of the Alzheimer's Association is to eliminate Alzheimer's disease through the advancement of research; to provide and enhance care and support for all affected; and to reduce the risk of dementia through the promotion of brain health.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1,500 - $2,499

                  2013
                


Pan Massachusetts Challenge Trust







$2,500 - $4,999

                  2012
                


The Jimmy Fund


                  Since its founding in 1948, the Jimmy Fund has raised millions of dollars through thousands of grassroots efforts to help save lives and give hope to cancer patients everywhere.                




$3,000 - $4,999

                  2012
                


Alzheimer's Association - Massachusetts/New Hampshire Chapter


                  The mission of the Alzheimer's Association is to eliminate Alzheimer's disease through the advancement of research; to provide and enhance care and support for all affected; and to reduce the risk of dementia through the promotion of brain health.                




$2,500 - $4,999

                  2012
                


Pan Massachusetts Challenge Trust







$1,500 - $2,499

                  2011
                


The Jimmy Fund


                  Since its founding in 1948, the Jimmy Fund has raised millions of dollars through thousands of grassroots efforts to help save lives and give hope to cancer patients everywhere.                






See 8 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 8 More 






 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Paul S. Stuka is affiliated with
                            Osiris Investment Partners LLC, Osiris Partners LLC, State Street Research & Management Co., Stuka Associates, Inc., Fidelity Management & Research Co., Longwood Partners LLC (Illinois), Caliber I.D. Inc., InspireMD, Inc., Pine Street Inn, Inc., hopeFound, Inc., Alzheimer's Association - Massachusetts/New Hampshire Chapter.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















		Paul Stuka - InspireMD	

































































Home 
				
									
											
												
							> About > Board of Directors
					
												
										
								
									
										
					> Paul Stuka








Paul Stuka




 


Mr. Stuka was named to the Board of Directors in August of 2011 and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Stuka is a Managing Member of Osiris Partners and a 30-year investment industry veteran. Prior to forming Osiris Partners, he was a Managing Director of Longwood Partners, managing small cap institutional accounts. In 1995, he joined State Street Research and Management as manager of its Market Neutral and Mid Cap Growth Funds. From 1986 to 1994, he served as the general partner of Stuka Associates, where he managed a U.S.-based investment partnership. Mr. Stuka began his career in 1980 as an analyst at Fidelity Management and Research. As an analyst, he followed a wide array of industries including healthcare, energy, transportation, and lodging & gaming. Early in his career he became the assistant portfolio manager for three Fidelity Funds, including the Select Healthcare Fund, which was recognized as the top performing fund in the U.S. for the five-year period ending December 31, 1985. In 1984 he became the original manager of the Fidelity OTC Fund, which was the second-best performing U.S. mutual fund for 1985, appreciating 69%. At the time of his departure in June, 1986, the Fund had appreciated over 115% in 18 months and assets approached $1 billion. During his career, Mr. Stuka has been featured in articles in The Wall Street Journal, Barron’s, The New York Times, and BusinessWeek.











































		Board of Directors - InspireMD	

































































Home 
				
									
					> About
				
								
									
										
					> Board of Directors






Board of Directors







Sol Barer, PhD
Chairman of the Board of Directors Dr. Barer is a biotechnology industry veteran and the founder and former Chairman, President, COO and CEO of Celgene. He brings to InspireMD over 30 years of experience with publicly…








Isaac Blech
Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors Isaac Blech is one of the most successful private financiers in the biotechnology industry. Over the past thirty five years, he founded and served on the board of numerous companies…








James J. Barry
President & Chief Executive Officer Dr. Barry has over 20 years of experience in the medical device industry. Prior to joining InspireMD, he was the President and CEO of Arsenal Medical, a life sciences company…








Michael Berman
Mr. Berman is a successful entrepreneur within the medical device industry. He joined Scimed in 1986, leading its marketing activities until its merger with Boston Scientific in 1995. From 1995-2000…








Campbell Rogers
Dr. Rogers currently serves as the Chief Medical Officer of HeartFlow, Inc., a private cardiovascular diagnostics company based in California. Prior to joining HeartFlow, he was the Chief Scientific Officer…








Paul Stuka
Mr. Stuka was named to the Board of Directors in August of 2011 and serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Stuka is a Managing Member of Osiris Partners…








Thomas Kester
Mr. Kester is Chief Financial Officer of Kester Search Group, Inc., a private executive search firm specializing in sales force placement for medical, dental and diagnostic device companies.  He spent…





























InspireMD Announces Appointment of Paul Stuka as Chairman of the BoardHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballInspireMD Announces Appointment of Paul Stuka as Chairman of the BoardMarketwiredJune 2, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareTEL AVIV, ISRAEL--(Marketwired - Jun 2, 2017) - InspireMD, Inc. (  NYSE MKT :  NSPR ) (  NYSE MKT :  NSPR.WS ) ("InspireMD" or the "Company"), a leader in embolic prevention systems (EPS) / thrombus management technologies and neurovascular devices, today announced that Paul Stuka, who has served on the Company's Board of Directors since 2011, has been appointed Chairman of the Board, replacing Sol Barer, Ph.D., who is stepping down from the Board due to conflicting professional commitments, but will serve as a special advisor to the Board.Mr. Stuka currently serves as the managing member of Osiris Partners, LLC, an investment fund, since 2000. Prior to forming Osiris Partners, LLC, Mr. Stuka was a managing director of Longwood Partners, managing small cap institutional accounts. In 1995, Mr. Stuka joined State Street Research and Management as manager of its Market Neutral and Mid Cap Growth Funds. From 1986 to 1994, Mr. Stuka served as the general partner of Stuka Associates, where he managed a U.S. based investment partnership. Mr. Stuka began his career in 1980 as an analyst at Fidelity Management and Research. As an analyst, Mr. Stuka followed a wide array of industries including healthcare, energy, transportation, and lodging and gaming. Early in his career he became the assistant portfolio manager for three Fidelity Funds, including the Select Healthcare Fund which was recognized as the top performing fund in the United States for the five-year period ending December 31, 1985.James Barry, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of InspireMD, commented, "Both the management team and the Board are excited with the appointment of Paul as our new Chairman of the Board. Paul not only brings over 35 years of capital markets experience, which will be extremely valuable as we enter the next phase of our growth, but he also knows our company well given his role as a Director since 2011. He has an impressive track record helping micro- and small-cap companies navigate the capital markets and maximize shareholder value."Mr. Stuka commented, "I am honored to become Chairman of InspireMD. Recent responses to our technology from key opinions leaders has been overwhelmingly positive and we look forward to capitalizing on this excitement as we rapidly grow our distribution network throughout the world. First and foremost, we are committed to maximizing value for shareholders by continued revenue growth, careful management of our expenses, and an eye on potential partnerships across our technology platform. I would also like the thank Sol Barer for his tremendous contributions as Chairman of the Board. His guidance and support over the years has been invaluable and we are grateful for his willingness to serve as a special advisor to the Board."Dr. Barer concluded, "I remain confident in the outlook for the Company. Although my current responsibilities preclude me from serving on the Board, I look forward to remaining an active advisor, supporter and major shareholder of the Company."About InspireMD, Inc. InspireMD seeks to utilize its proprietary MicroNet™ technology to make its products the industry standard for embolic protection and to provide a superior solution to the key clinical issues of current stenting in patients with a high risk of distal embolization, no reflow and major adverse cardiac events.InspireMD intends to pursue applications of this MicroNet technology in coronary, carotid (CGuard™), neurovascular, and peripheral artery procedures. InspireMD's common stock is quoted on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol NSPR and certain warrants are quoted on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbol NSPR.WS.Forward-looking Statements This press release contains "forward-looking statements." Such statements may be preceded by the words "intends," "may," "will," "plans," "expects," "anticipates," "projects," "predicts," "estimates," "aims," "believes," "hopes," "potential" or similar words. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, are based on certain assumptions and are subject to various known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control, and cannot be predicted or quantified and consequently, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, risks and uncertainties associated with (i) market acceptance of our existing and new products, (ii) negative clinical trial results or lengthy product delays in key markets, (iii) an inability to secure regulatory approvals for the sale of our products, (iv) intense competition in the medical device industry from much larger, multinational companies, (v) product liability claims, (vi) product malfunctions, (vii) our limited manufacturing capabilities and reliance on subcontractors for assistance, (viii) insufficient or inadequate reimbursement by governmental and other third party payers for our products, (ix) our efforts to successfully obtain and maintain intellectual property protection covering our products, which may not be successful, (x) legislative or regulatory reform of the healthcare system in both the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, (xi) our reliance on single suppliers for certain product components, (xii) the fact that we will need to raise additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future and that such capital raising may be costly, dilutive or difficult to obtain and (xiii) the fact that we conduct business in multiple foreign jurisdictions, exposing us to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, logistical and communications challenges, burdens and costs of compliance with foreign laws and political and economic instability in each jurisdiction. More detailed information about the Company and the risk factors that may affect the realization of forward looking statements is set forth in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Investors and security holders are urged to read these documents free of charge on the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. The Company assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextLoan move looms as Bayern plan to keep SanchesOmnisportThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredMartin Shkreli's lawyer says former drug company chairman tried to 'seduce' the 'pharma bro'CNBCJeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiffTechCrunchWill Phillips 66 (PSX) Disappoint This Earnings Season?ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredUnder Armour (UAA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What Lies Ahead?ZacksTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderDonald Trump Tweet-Rages After John McCain Kills Obamacare Skinny RepealStan: Let trump rage.  McCain you did the right thing.Join the Conversation1 / 51.4k








