











Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > Quotes > CHKE > Call Transcripts













Cherokee Inc. (CHKE) 


CHKE 
$5.4
*  
0.15

2.7%
Get CHKE Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 28, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading CHKE now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
Industry: Consumer Non-Durables 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    CHKE After Hours



















NDAQ





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks














Transcript by:

Cherokee Inc. (CHKE)Q4 2017 Earnings Conference CallMay 11, 2017 4:30 AM ETExecutivesLaura Bainbridge - Addo Investor RelationsHenry Stupp - Chief Executive OfficerJason Boling - Chief Financial OfficerAnalystsEric Beder - WunderlichJeff Van Sinderen - B. Riley & CompanyDave King - Roth CapitalPresentationOperatorCompare to:Previous Statements by CHKE» Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript» Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptGreetings and welcome to Cherokee Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Ms. Laura Bainbridge with Addo Investor Relations. Please go ahead.Laura BainbridgeThank you. Speaking today will be the company’s Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp; and Chief Financial Officer, Jason Boling. You can find accompanying slides for today’s call on Cherokee’s Investor Relations website.Before I hand the call over to management, please note that on this call certain information presented contains forward-looking statements. Certain statements contained herein may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.Forward-looking statements included in this conference call involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results or achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. A further list and description of these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and the company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.Certain of the information in today’s call, including non-GAAP SG&A, non-GAAP operating income, EBITDA and non-GAAP net income may be considered non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes this information is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the company’s available capital resources, the capital performance of its business and its cash flow, excluding expenses relating to professional fees from legal and due diligence for actual and potential acquisitions and business developments related to the identification and establishment of new brand licensees that would normally be included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-financial measures as reported by the company may not be comparable to similar titled amounts reported by other companies.The non-GAAP measures described above are reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures in unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in the company’s earnings release under the heading GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Metrics, which is posted on the company’s website, cherokeeglobalbrands.com.And with that, I’ll hand the call over to Cherokee’s Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp.Henry StuppGood afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I’d like to take the opportunity to welcome Carol Baiocchi and Susan Engel, both of whom joined Cherokee Global Brands as Independent Directors this past February. As we celebrate the global expansion of our high-equity lifestyle brand portfolio, Carol’s track record of successfully growing consumer products and retail businesses and Susan's private label and brand development experience will prove invaluable. We look forward to adding their extensive and diverse expertise to our board and their many future contributions.In my remarks today, I will start with an update on our acquisition of Hi-Tec and the entire portfolio of brands where early performance is encouraging. Jason with then briefly walk you through our fiscal fourth quarter and 2017 financial results. I will then provide additional brand highlights including retailer and wholesaler updates before turning it over to Q&A.So starting with Hi-Tec. I’m pleased to report that we are running slightly ahead of the six-month integration timeline previously communicated. Working closely with the Hi-Tec team and our operating partners, we're delivering a seamless retail transition to our branded licensing model.As Jason will detail further, in certain territories, we continue to operate through third-party distributors as preexisting contracts dictate the timing of conversion to our brand licensing structure. We plan to convert the vast majority of distribution deals to license deals over a multiyear period.Post-acquisition the early read from retailers and our new wholesale licensing partners and legacy distributors for our licensing model has been very positive. We've executed global license agreements for the core Hi-Tec, Magnum and related brands for the footwear category, allowing us to greatly expand our presence in the United States and Canada, the United Kingdom and across continental Europe and South Africa.Product sales were strong and year-to-date licensing revenue for the Hi-Tec, Magnum and Interceptor brands are in line with our expectations. We’re particularly encouraged by the interest we've received among retailers seeking to expand the Hi-Tec, Magnum and Interceptor brands into new non-footwear categories including apparel, accessories and outdoor equipment. And keeping with that, we are particularly pleased with the inroads; our pan-European licensee is making apparel and accessories for the Hi-Tec portfolio of brands.We feel very fortunate to have partners like the Batra Group onboard that embody the best in class standard we've established for our licensee partnerships. Batra brings immense direct expertise in launching marquee brands in Europe and in fact around the world and we look forward to introducing our first non-footwear categories such as apparel and accessories to specialty and department store retailers throughout Europe beginning late Q3 of fiscal 2018.Read the rest of this transcript for free on seekingalpha.com

































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



































Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Wayside Technology Group's (WSTG) CEO Simon Nynens on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WSTG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  6:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




WSFS Financial Corporation's (WSFS) CEO Mark Turner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WSFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  6:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




QIAGEN's (QGEN) CEO Peer Schatz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QGEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




National Oilwell Varco (NOV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Public Service Enterprise Group (PEG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PEG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Plantronics' (PLT) CEO Joseph Burton on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PLT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mohawk Industries' (MHK) CEO Jeff Lorberbaum on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MHK•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Investors Bancorp's (ISBC) CEO Kevin Cummings on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ISBC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Altice SA's (ATUS) CEO Michel Combes on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ATUS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Franklin Resources (BEN) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




KT (KT) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




The Bancorp's (TBBK) CEO Damian Kozlowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TBBK•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eversource Energy (ES) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ES•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cabot Oil & Gas (COG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reinsurance Group of America's (RGA) CEO Anna Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RGA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Principal Financial Group's (PFG) CEO Dan Houston on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PFG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




International Consolidated Airlines Group's (ICAGY) CEO Alex Cruz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ICAGY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cousins Properties' (CUZ) CEO Larry Gellerstedt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CUZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Norbord's (OSB) CEO Peter Wijnbergen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OSB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Embraer's (ERJ) CEO Paulo Cesar de Souza e Silva on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ERJ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fortive Corporation's (FTV) CEO Jim Lico on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FTV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CubeSmart's (CUBE) CEO Chris Marr on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CUBE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:40 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mercer International's (MERC) CEO David Gandossi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MERC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ArcBest Corp's (ARCB) CEO Judy McReynolds on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARCB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Goodyear Tire & Rubber (GT) CEO Rich Kramer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Exxon Mobil (XOM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XOM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Virtus Investment Partners' (VRTS) CEO George Aylward on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VRTS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PNM Resources' (PNM) CEO Pat Vincent-Collawn on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PNM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newpark Resources' (NR) CEO Paul Howes on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ENGIE's (ENGIY) CEO Isabelle Kocher on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ENGIY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4455Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksTesla Could Sell Off On Any Bad News From These 2 EventsTSLA• Today, 6:03 PM • Alex ChoGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGT• Today, 3:04 PM • SA TranscriptsAltria: Time To Be Greedy, Or Fearful?MO• Today, 2:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•116 CommentsCoca-Cola: The Forever CompanyKO• Today, 2:04 PM • Mike Berner•5 CommentsCamping World To Acquire TheHouse For Active Sports BusinessCWH• Today, 1:44 PM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsDividend Champion On Sale - FDA Puts A Discount Sticker On Shares Of Altria GroupMO• Today, 1:08 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•82 CommentsAfter A Bad Quarter, J&J Snack Foods Looks Even More OvervaluedJJSF• Today, 12:58 PM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsAutomation != IntelligenceTSLA• Today, 12:44 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•82 CommentsProcter & Gamble - Operational Improvements Are Priced InPG• Today, 12:34 PM • The Value Investor•6 CommentsUnilever: Q2 2017 Results Point To More Goodness To Come?Editors' Pick • UL, UN• Today, 10:30 AM • Dividend DriveTenneco Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEN• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsDomtar Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUFS• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsKnoll, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKNL• Today, 7:54 AM • SA TranscriptsTesla: Buy The Product, Not The StockTSLA• Yesterday, 8:50 PM • Bank On Insight•115 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William Keller•1 CommentFord: The Dividend Is All That MattersF• Yesterday, 6:11 PM • Josh Arnold•56 CommentsPolaris (PII) Investor Presentation - SlideshowPII• Yesterday, 3:12 PM • SA TranscriptsCott (COT) Aells Beverage Manufacturing Musiness To Refresco (RFFRY) - SlideshowCOT• Yesterday, 2:52 PM • SA TranscriptsIs Pinnacle Foods At Peak Performance Or Is Greater Growth Coming?PF• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Michael Ugulini•2 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•18 CommentsMamaMancini's: 40% Organic Growth Selling...MeatballsMMMB• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Michael Liu•5 CommentsJohnson Controls International plc 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJCI• Yesterday, 12:44 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsCoca-Cola: Nothing Has ChangedKO• Yesterday, 12:22 PM • Josh Arnold•29 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•6 CommentsAltria Does It AgainMO• Yesterday, 10:37 AM • Jonathan Weber•56 CommentsInternational Paper Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIP• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • SA TranscriptsFiat Chrysler Automobiles NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCAU• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • SA TranscriptsAB InBev: Offering A Stock Dividend Would Be A Brilliant MoveBUD• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • The Investment Doctor•14 CommentsBorgWarner Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBWA• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsNelson Peltz On Procter & Gamble: Sign Of The Future For ROIC LaggardsPG• Yesterday, 9:42 AM • David Trainer•10 CommentsHasbro Results Portend Further Weakness At Mattel And JAKKS PacificHAS, JAKK, MAT• Yesterday, 8:53 AM • ALT Perspective•5 CommentsGreif: Voting Vs. Non-Voting Relative Value ArbitrageGEF, GEF.B• Yesterday, 8:44 AM • Kevin Mak, CFAAdient plc 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesADNT• Yesterday, 8:43 AM • SA TranscriptsViña Concha Y Toro: A Strong Ship Facing Sharp HeadwindsVCO• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • William Daniel•4 CommentsBMW: Sales Growth And Electric CarsBMWYY• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • KMP Ideas•4 CommentsProcter & Gamble: The Ultimate GamblePG• Yesterday, 6:58 AM • Activist Stocks•6 CommentsSeaboard: Under-Followed Long-Term Compounder With Near-Term CatalystsSEB• Yesterday, 5:00 AM • Donald Marchiony•10 CommentsFord Motor: Investors Are On StrikeF• Yesterday, 4:51 AM • Achilles Research•30 CommentsFord: Don't Buy The DipF• Yesterday, 4:28 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•44 CommentsLVMH-Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLVMHF• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 PM • SA TranscriptsTootsie Roll Industries: A Very Safe Dividend King With Iconic BrandsTR• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:20 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•12 CommentsIMAX Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIMAX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsTupperware Brands Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTUP• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsNike To Begin Selling Products On AmazonNKE• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:47 PM • Gianni Gambone•13 CommentsGeneral Motors: An Underestimated YearGM• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:52 PM • David Butler•7 CommentsNova Lifestyle: Boom Or Bust - Wait For Q2 EarningsNVFY• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:53 PM • Canzler Capital•6 CommentsModel 3 Event: What I Will Be WatchingTSLA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:57 PM • ValueAnalyst•432 CommentsThe Hershey Company: A Sugar Fueled ZombieHSY• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsDaimler AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDDAIF• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:37 PM • SA TranscriptsDaimler AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDDAIF• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:37 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Take Profits On Your iRobot, And Wait Patiently For ReentryIRBT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • James Brumley•3 CommentsFord: It's All About TrucksF• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:56 AM • David Butler•45 CommentsThe Only Automaker Gaining Minivan Market Share Is Fiat Chrysler - Segment Down 13%FCAU• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:53 AM • Anton Wahlman•5 CommentsCoca-Cola: A Sweet Deal?KO• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:39 AM • D.M. Martins Research•1 CommentCoca-Cola: It Could Happen AgainKO• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:38 AM • Quad 7 Capital•17 CommentsStepan Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSCL• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:35 AM • SA TranscriptsBassett: A Furniture Company To Chair-IshBSET• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:22 AM • Underanalyzed Equities•1 CommentFord Motor Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesF• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•15 CommentsLear Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLEA• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsStora Enso Oyj 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSEOJF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:54 AM • SA TranscriptsHooker Furniture Still Looks A Bit Too ExpensiveHOFT• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:38 AM • Vince MartinHow German Companies Deal Differently With The Diesel AllegationsPEUGF, RNSDF, CARZ• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:33 AM • Wubbe BosKonecranes Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKNCRF• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:43 AM • SA TranscriptsPeugeot S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPEUGF• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:50 AM • SA TranscriptsHasbro's Q2 (In Brief): Still BullishHAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:38 AM • Steven Mallas•4 CommentsA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•206 CommentsCarlisle Companies Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSL• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:34 PM • SA TranscriptsColgate-Palmolive: Time To Move OnCL• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:29 PM • Josh Arnold•7 CommentsHasbro: Buy On The Drop?HAS• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:22 PM • Kumquat Research•1 CommentGeneral Motors Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGM• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:58 PM • SA TranscriptsKimberly-Clark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKMB• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:57 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentFord/GM Investors Should Sell Now: Ridesharing Will Soon Penetrate Suburbs, Devastate DividendsF, GM• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:54 PM • Max Greve•92 CommentsDaimler: An Unexpected Income StockDMLRY• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:12 PM • The Outsider•6 Comments123456...436Next Page





Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptDec. 8.16 | About: Cherokee Inc. (CHKE) Cherokee Inc. (NASDAQ:CHKE)
Q3 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
December 08, 2016, 08:30 AM ET
Executives
Patricia Nir - IR, Addo Communications
Jason Boling - Chief Financial Officer
Henry Stupp - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts
Nick Meyers - ROTH Capital Partners
Jeff Van Sinderen - B. Riley and Company
Operator
Greetings and welcome to Cherokee Inc. Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Ms. Patricia Nir, Vice President of Addo IR. Thank you. You may begin.
Patricia Nir
Thank you. Speaking today will be the company’s Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp; and Chief Financial Officer, Jason Boling. You can find accompanying slides for today’s call on Cherokee’s Investor Relations website.
Before I hand the call over to management, please note that on this call certain information presented contains forward-looking statements. Certain statements contained herein may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used the words anticipates, believes, expects, may, should and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements included in this conference call involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2016 and the company’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.
Certain of the information in today’s call, including non-GAAP SG&A, non-GAAP operating income, EBITDA and non-GAAP net income may be considered non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes this information is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the company’s available capital resources, the capital performance of its business and its cash flow, excluding expenses related to professional fees from legal and due diligence for actual and potential acquisitions and business developments related to the identification and establishment of new brand licensees that would normally be included in the most directly comparable measures calculated and presented in accordance with general accepted accounting principles GAAP.
In addition, the company’s management uses these non-GAAP financial measures along with the most directly comparable GAAP measure in evaluating the company’s operating performance, the capital resources, and cash flow. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-financial measures as reported by the company may not be comparable to similar titled amounts reported by other companies.
The non-GAAP measures described above and are reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures in unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in the company’s earnings release under the heading GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Metrics, which is posted on the company’s website, cherokeeglobalbrands.com.

And with that, I’ll hand the call over to Cherokee’s Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp.
Henry Stupp
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today I'll start with an overview of our acquisition of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings, a global leader in the footwear market which we announced last week and are pleased to confirm we closed yesterday, December 7. Jason will then briefly walk you through our fiscal third quarter financial results and outlook for 2017 and fiscal 2018 and then I'll provide further detail about the operational highlights for our brands, including retailer and wholesaler updates before turning it over to Q&A.
So I'll start with Hi-Tec. Hi-Tec Sports International maintains distribution across multiple retail channels and manages a diverse portfolio of high equity brands, including its namesake Hi-Tec brand, in addition to Magnum, 50Peaks and its Interceptor brand. Currently Hi-Tec products are sold predominately under the Hi-Tec and Magnum brands in over 110 countries throughout the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, United States, Canada, South and Central America and Asia and are distributed through major retailers, independent distributors, licensees and direct to consumer by e-commerce in their own dot com platform.
In 2015 Hi-Tec's brand generated an estimated $288 million in worldwide wholesale sales. Cherokee global brands has established a solid track record of identifying brands with strong growth potential and we are excited and confident in our strategic decision to acquire this high equity brand portfolio and I am very pleased to share a few details with you about the value that the Hi-Tec, Magnum, 50Peaks and Interceptor brands brings to our portfolio.
Hi-Tec immediately enhances our leadership in key categories, including footwear, apparel, accessories and outdoor products, while driving long-term growth, and creating new revenue streams in numerous markets.
Upon closing, we immediately transitioned Hi-Tec from a wholesale business to a branded licensing model, while maintaining our global distribution partnerships, which will eliminate our inventory and manufacturing risk, while accelerating expansion opportunities into new markets and new product categories.
We have already executed license agreements for the core Hi-Tec, Magnum and related brands for the footwear category that will strengthen and expand our presence in United Kingdom, Continental Europe, United States, Canada and Africa with significant, experienced growth-oriented wholesale operating partner licensees.
In addition, we have entered a master license agreement for the United Kingdom and select countries in Continental Europe for apparel and accessories. These new licensees join our existing licensees for other European countries and separate license agreements for the Interceptor brand, which is sold exclusively at Walmart US and other territories including Africa.
Our existing platform of relationships and capabilities is key to our growth strategy as we intend to secure additional wholesale distribution and retail licensing partners for the Hi-Tec brands that allows to quickly expand into new categories and into new markets.
Working in tandem with Hi-Tec's exceptional senior management team, the sales, marketing and licensing integration process has been initiated and we currently estimate that it will take approximately 3 to 6 months to complete.
Throughout the integration process we will work alongside the Hi-Tec team and our new operating partner licensees to ensure a seamless transition at retail. Hi-Tec's existing people and processes will remain largely in place and existing Hi-Tec customers and distributors should experience no disruption to their business. In addition, we shall maintain existing distribution agreements for the core brands throughout the globe, including South and Central America, the Middle East and Asia.

In total, Hi-Tec expands a global retail base to over 110 countries and offers additional strategic wholesale and retail relationships that present attractive cross-selling opportunities between our existing brands such as Cherokee and Tony Hawk with the Hi-Tec brand portfolios, including rapid expansion into new categories and distribution channels. Hi-Tec's portfolio of high equity brands synergizes perfectly with our existing portfolio, while allowing us to further build our presence in the active, outdoor markets.
Currently Hi-Tec's core footwear portfolio is predominately sold in the athletic, active and outdoor retail space. Through new licensing partnerships we will be able to efficiently expand Hi-Tec's brands into additional categories, including apparel, accessories, wearables, outdoor products and more.
Beyond our licensee efforts, our 360º capabilities platform is a powerful brand accelerator and a key differentiator that enables our licensing partners to expand wholesale retail relationships and enter markets more quickly than ever before. We are excited about deploying these resources behind new growth opportunities with Hi-Tec's brands to ensure that they realize their full global potential.
Our combined strengths will position Cherokee Global Brands to further expand our vision, agility and scale across the globe and in multiple channels, categories and formats. Platform and portfolio synergies are central to all of our acquisitions and Hi-Tec will support both in very powerful ways. So these are just a few initial highlights of the great things we are looking forward to through this important acquisition. And we know there will be many more to come.
In a minute, Jason will review the economics of the transaction in greater detail, including the international tax advantages associated with our new Netherlands-based operations, but I'll highlight the favorable economics. We expect Hi-Tec will contribute approximately $19 million of revenue and $7 million of adjusted EBITDA respectively in the first full fiscal year post-acquisition.
As detailed in the press release, the transaction was funded through a combination of cash on hand, debt, equity and proceeds received from the sale of assets and prepayment of minimum royalty guarantees, maintaining a healthy, relatively unlevered balance sheet and a healthy capital structure is of utmost importance to Cherokee Global Brands and we believe we funded the transaction in accordance with these objectives.
Through the equity offering, we not only grew our relationships with several of our existing shareholders, we also diversified our shareholder base, enabled us to accomplish another important objective and that is increasing shareholder liquidity.
As a result of the transaction we have provided updated annual guidance for fiscal year 2017 for our existing business and fiscal year 2018 for the combined Cherokee Global Brands and Hi-Tec businesses. Jason will cover our outlook in greater detail momentarily.
It's worth emphasizing that post-Hi-Tec, Cherokee Global Brands will be more diversified than ever before, across geographies, retailers, brands and product categories. Performance in fiscal 2018 will be more balanced across each of these facets and we expect to see strong contributions from both our organic and acquired growth initiatives.
Including Hi-Tec, over the last five years, we have grown from approximately 20 countries to over 110 from approximately 5000 doors to over 12,000, plus of course an ever-expanding e-commerce business. As is evident, we are excited about the future of Cherokee Global Brands. I'll be back to talk about our brand performance in greater detail. But first, I'll turn the call over to Jason to discuss our fiscal 2017 third quarter financial results in greater detail. Jason?

Jason Boling
Thank you, Henry. And good morning, everyone. I'll start today's discussion with a recap of our third quarter and nine month financial results, followed by a review with the financial impacts of the Hi-Tec acquisition. I will then elaborate on our recently issued outlook for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018.
Turning to our results for the third quarter and first nine months of fiscal 2017. GAAP revenues for the third quarter were $6.5 million compared with $8.1 million in the prior-year period. This decrease is largely due to the expected decrease in North America revenues relating to the Cherokee Brand as we continue to transition away from Target and to our new wholesale licensees.
During the quarter, some of the decrease was offset by revenue increases globally, particularly in South America, India, the Middle East, South Africa and Asia as the demand for Cherokee brand products continues to grow.
We recognized an additional $272,000 of revenues over prior year's quarter relating to the acquisition of the franchise Flip Flop Shops. During the third fiscal quarter, we also recognized revenue from the launch of our Tony Hawk signature collection at Walmart Canada.
For the nine-month period of fiscal 2017, GAAP revenues were $25.6 million compared to $26.8 million in the prior year period. Revenues were not materially affected by devaluations in foreign currencies. Cherokee-brand royalties earned by Target during the nine-month period were $9.4 million, a decrease of $3.1 million over the same prior year period. With an annual minimum guarantee of $10.5 million, we expect the balance of $1.1 million will be recorded during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.
Furthermore, we anticipate that we will also begin to record our first revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 from our new wholesale license agreements with domestic licensees for Cherokee branded products, with deliveries to retailers occurring during the last portion of the fourth quarter and product sales commencing in early fiscal 2018.
GAAP selling, general and administrative expenses were $7.7 million compared to $5.6 million in the prior-year period. The increase in SG&A was primarily related to an increase in professional fees from legal and due diligence expenses associated with the Hi-Tec acquisition. Our 10-Q filing, which will be filed later today, includes details relating to these expenses. SG&A expenses for the nine-month period totaled $20 million, compared with $15.4 million in the prior year period. 
As we've noted throughout fiscal year, our SG&A expenses have been elevated relative to historical periods as a result of our increased business development activities, while we expect to see reduced business development expenses starting next year, following the closing of the Hi-Tec acquisition from the fourth fiscal quarter, we do expect increased integration costs throughout fiscal 2018. As Henry noted, we expect the sales, marketing and licensing integration to take between 3 to 6 months to complete, with no disruption to our customers and distributors.
Non-GAAP SG&A, which excludes the aforementioned legal and professional due diligence fees totaled $5.3 million for the third quarter. This compares to $5 million in the prior-year period. For the nine-month period, non-GAAP SG&A totaled $16.2 million compared to $14.6 million in the prior-year period.
For the third quarter GAAP operating loss was $1.2 million, compared to operating income of $2.5 million in the prior-year period. Operating income for the nine-month period totaled $5.6 million, compared with $11.4 million in the prior year period.
Non-GAAP operating income, excluding the aforementioned fees totaled $1.2 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. This compares to $3.1 million in the prior year period. For the nine month period, non-GAAP operating income totaled $9.4 million compared to $12.2 million in the prior year period.

GAAP net loss totaled $900,000, or a loss of $0.10 per diluted share, compared to GAAP net income of $1.6 million, or $0.17 per diluted share in the prior-year period. For the nine-month period, GAAP net income totaled $3.2 million, or $0.37 per diluted share. This compares to $7 million or $0.79 per diluted share in the prior-year period.
Excluding the legal and professional due diligence fees, non-GAAP net income totaled $700,000 or $0.08 per diluted share. This compares to $2 million or $0.22 per diluted share in the prior-year period.
For the nine-month period, non-GAAP net income totaled $5.6 million or $0.64 per diluted share. This compares to $7.6 million or $0.85 per diluted share in the prior-year period. Non-GAAP EBITDA for the third quarter totaled $1.6 million, as compared to $3.4 million in the prior year period.
For the nine-month period, non-GAAP EBITDA totaled $10.5 million from $13.2 million in the prior-year period. We recorded a tax benefit of $489,000 in the third quarter. This compares to a tax provision of $800,000 or an effective tax rate of 34.2% in the prior-year period.
At October 29, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents were $7.5 million, compared to $6.5 million at January 30, 2016. Net debt for the quarter was $9.7 million and our leverage ratio was 1.9 times for the trailing 12 month period. Cash flow from operations for the nine-month period was $8.6 million compared to $8.8 million in the prior-year period.
I'll now turn to the Hi-Tec acquisition. As Henry mentioned earlier, subsequent to quarter end, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all issued and outstanding share capital of Hi-Tec Sports International Holdings for an aggregate cash purchase price of approximately $94 million on a cash free debt-free basis, based upon normalized working capital.
Upon closing of the transaction which occurred on December 7, we have sold substantially all the operating assets related to the Hi-Tec's wholesale operations to new operating and licensing partners with the proceeds of approximately $28 million funding a portion of the Hi-Tec acquisition purchase price. Net of these proceeds and other post-closing adjustments of $4.9 million, we expect that the value paid for the Hi-Tec intellectual property assets to be approximately $61.1 million.
We are performing the full accounting valuation work necessary to appropriately value the Hi-Tec intellectual property assets in relation to authoritative accounting guidance and expect to provide that information with our next 10-K filing.
We estimate sales and adjusted EBITDA from Hi-Tec in the first full fiscal year of approximately $19 million and $7 million respectively, which translates to an acquisition multiple of approximately 3.2 times revenue and 8.7 times EBITDA using estimated value of the IT purchased above.
In addition, our new Hi-Tec licensing partners have $5.5 million in annual minimum guaranteed royalties each year for the first five years post acquisition, which equates to over $27 million. We have funded the purchase of the Hi-Tec acquisition through cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of assets, the prepayment of the first year of guaranteed minimum royalties under license agreements with certain operating partners and distributors of Hi-Tec, net proceeds of a public offering of the company's common stock, proceeds from a new credit facility with Cerberus, and proceeds from a receivables funding loan extended by one of the company's directors, each of which is described more fully in the form 10-Q which will be filed later today.
Importantly, Hi-Tec builds upon our track record of highly strategic and disciplined acquisitions. Historically, we have avoided high levered deals at unattractive multiples and Hi-Tec is no different. Post transaction, we are pleased with our capital structure, we evaluated many different financing alternatives and decided to keep our debt to EBITDA ratio low, while also increasing our liquidity.

Importantly, we believe we have the financial flexibility and cash flow to continue to invest in our growth initiatives. From a strategic perspective, we furthered our goal of diversifying our revenue streams across product categories, points of distribution and geographies.
Now let's discuss our guidance for the fiscal 2017 year. It is important to note that the guidance does not include any potential impact of the Hi-Tec acquisition for the remainder of this fiscal year or the additional shares issued relating to the equity raise. In addition, these measures of the EBITDA and EPS are presented on a non-GAAP basis as they exclude any transaction and integration costs associated with the Hi-Tec acquisition.
As outlined in our earnings release, we are currently expecting the following for fiscal 2017. Revenues are anticipated to be approximately $32 million, non-GAAP EBITDA is approximately - is anticipated to be approximately $12.5 million, non-GAAP EPS is anticipated to be approximately $0.76.
Reflecting our full-year 2017 revenue guidance is organic growth in our Tony Hawk brand, increased international licensing revenues for the Cherokee brand and the revenue contribution from Flip Flop Shops which we are expected to be offset by the anticipated decline in royalty revenues from the Cherokee brand, as we transition to our US wholesale partners.
As outlined previously, our fiscal 2017 guidance reflects the recognition of annual minimum guarantees from Target, which equates to a year-over-year decline of approximately $4.4 million.
Turning our attention now to fiscal 201, it is important to note that the guidance does include the impact of the Hi-Tec acquisition for this fiscal year. Once again, the measure of EBIT DA is presented on a non-GAAP basis, as they exclude any transaction and integration costs associated with the Hi-Tec acquisition.
With that said, we currently expect the following for fiscal 2018, revenues are anticipated to be in the range of $49 million to $50 million, non-GAAP EBITDA is anticipated to be in the range of $19 million to $20 million.
As highlighted, Hi-Tec is expected to contribute approximately $19 million in revenue and $7 million in adjusted EBIT DA for the first full fiscal year post close. We also believe there will be a significant tax benefit to having the licensing business headquartered in the Netherlands, with the statutory corporate tax rate of approximately 25%. This should reduce our consolidated effective tax rate going forward.
Also reducing tax rate, we have acquired as part of the transaction approximately $40 million of Netherlands tax benefits relating to the amortization of intangibles previously transferred to the Netherlands. As such, we expect a consolidated effective tax rate in the mid-20s.
We have historically discussed transitioning to an international tax structure and have found setting this structure out to be costlier than the immediate benefits, but with this acquisition, we are well-positioned to transition from existing some IP rights to the Netherlands to further benefit from lower corporate tax rates. After the issuance of 4.2 million shares, which includes the exercise of the underwriter option relating to our secondary offering, we now have 12,951,284 shares outstanding.
Thank you for your time. I will now turn the call back over to Henry.
Henry Stupp
Thank you, Jason. Last September, we begin to outline our plans for the future growth and development of our Cherokee, Tony Hawk, Flip Flop Shops, Everyday California and Point Cove brand. I'll start with our namesake Cherokee brand in the US, where we work hand-in-hand with our licensing partners to secure retail distribution.
I am pleased to report that we've made wonderful progress in identifying key retailer partnerships, including a focus on digital commerce with Amazon, especial distribution with retailers such as Babies R Us, Buy Buy Baby, regional partnerships with retailers such as Bell's and a focus on national, regional grocery, including the very respected Meyers operation and Grand Rapids, plus the operation club channels. As a result, we will achieve our goal of watching an 800 to 1200 doors during fiscal 2018.

Cherokee Global Brands has a lot of experience introducing general and merchandise into the grocery channel. Domestically there is a big push for grocery retailers to broaden their product offerings to include higher-margin categories such as apparel and accessories to further engage consumers and cultivate royalty. This is a global trend that began with hyper markets in Europe, Canada, South America and now Asia.
We initiated the broadening of our distribution years ago, starting with Tesco and more recently we have experienced much success with Comercial Mexicana, which following their recent merger was Soriana Mexicana will grow our footprint from just over 100 stores to as many as 600 locations in the next 1 to 2 years.
Total Falabella in South America and our recent introductions into Ahold Albert Stores in Czech Republic are a few more examples of the success within the grocery channel. Demand for Cherokee product is building, as we move from our legacy partner into new channels and look forward to building on Cherokee's reputation as an authentic, high quality, affordable, iconic lifestyle brand across the categories consumers care about most.
Through a growing licensee base, we envision a future in which the most comprehensive assortment of Cherokee branded products is available to Cherokee loving consumers across the US and internationally, as our domestic base and collaboration with our account management team is securing placement for more product in many more global markets.
As part of our strategic growth plan for Cherokee, we'll also be creating capsule collections and customized merchandising programs for specific retailers that offer a limited product collection aimed at raising the overall profile of the brand. These and many other new initiatives will support ongoing awareness, affinity [ph] and brand penetration for Cherokee.
Turning our attention to Canada, we continue to monitor the performance at Sears Canada, while performance is clearly trending softer than we had hoped, we will continue to work closely with Sears to optimize Cherokee brand performance during the most recent management transitions.
Based on her channel checks, enthusiasm for the brand remains very strong in Canada. So we are evaluating all options to ensure the Cherokee business reaches its full potential and its very important market.
At Comercial Mexicana in Mexico, our year-to-date fiscal 2017 retail sales increased approximately 5.6% and we expect as mentioned earlier store count to increase from just over 100 doors to approximately 600 doors over the next two years.
In South America with our partners, Tottus and Falabella, retail sales year-to-date increased 22% in Chile and 7.8% in Peru in local currencies. Central and South America are growing regions for retailers and for the Cherokee brand in particular and we're excited to further our presence in these territories.
Along these lines, we're in advanced discussions with the largest general merchandise retailer in Central America to distribute the Cherokee brand and look forward to making additional details available in the very near future.
In Central Europe, we remain very pleased with the performance of Cherokee branded Ahold Albert Stores where falling Albert's Black Friday promotion customer traffic increase threefold and retail sales of Cherokee product more than doubled. With regards Argos in the UK, now that the merger has been completed we have met with Sainsbury's executives to explore expanding our relationships through their brick-and-mortar locations. At this time, we are in early discussions and we will share updated details as our conversations progress.
And in Asia, we continue to be very pleased with the growth of Cherokee brand with our partners in Japan and Nishimatsuya where sales grew an additional 12% in India at unlimited stores which a year-over-year increase of 43%, and in South Africa Pick N Pay where sales of Cherokee branded products grew 22% year-over-year in US currency. Overall, we continue to be very pleased with the growing consumer awareness and demand for Cherokee's iconic lifestyle products across the globe.

I'll now turn to our Tony Hawk brand, where we continue to see exciting results, particularly in growing our global reach. The Tony Hawk brand is continuing to pick up steam in Canada, Latin America, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. Starting with Walmart Canada, we are very pleased with the performance of Tony Hawk following the mid-August lunch, retail sell-through continues to be strong and in many categories is outperformed initial expectations.
Walmart tells us that the product is selling briskly and we are working closely with them to meet the demand, optimize future assortments and plan new category introductions. Together we are exploring many new ways to expand the breadth of Tony Hawk products and to ensure that the Canadian consumers enjoy unprecedented access to the full Tony Hawk brand experience.
Walmart is another example of retail partners that is leveraging our 360° platform and we are thrilled to be building our relationship with them in new international markets. In fact, today I am pleased to announce new license agreements with Walmart Argentina and Walmart Chile for the Tony Hawk brand.
The South American launch for Tony Hawk is planned for spring and summer 2017 and will feature comprehensive boys and young men's apparel, accessories and footwear assortment. With approximately 460 retail locations, Walmart Argentina and Walmart Chile represents a significant opportunity to further expand the Tony Hawk brand into two high growth markets.
In addition, we are now in discussions regarding new partnerships for Tony Hawk in Asia. We are particularly excited about opportunities in both Japan and China with the skateboard culture sliding, especially as we move towards the 2020 Olympics in Japan, where skateboarding will be introduced as a new metal sport. The theme of global expense with Tony Hawk brand continues with the signing of a new licensee for Continental Europe.
Based in Leicester, Fashion UK is an established apparel company with a focus on license merchandise. It is set up to supply multi-product categories across Continental Europe in the UK with a strong focus on product design, quality and of course speed to market.
With over 19 years of experience, Fashion UK has considerable knowledge and contacts throughout Europe and is known for being apparel specialists in the boys, girls, ladies and men's categories from a full range of sportswear, to socks, underwear, and of course nightwear.
The initial focus for the Tony Hawk brand will be featured in over 900 CNA stores throughout Germany, France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands, with an option to extend into other CAN territories. This new licensee builds upon our presence in the UK with Sports Direct.
As we noted in our last call, Sports Direct remains an important partner for building our presence and distribution in the UK, product sell-through continues to track positively and we recently extended turnover licensing contract and expand the scope of our product assortment, especially in their brick-and-mortar stores.
Now back to our US business for Hawk. Despite the challenges facing Kohl's and broader mid tier retail in general, consumer demand for the Tony Hawk brand is very strong in the United States and we fully plan to expand into additional avenues into in the US, including expansion into new channels, particular specialty retail and additional product categories where we believe the brand has been underrepresented.
I will now turn to the performance of Flip Flop Shops, where since our last call we have refined the business model and expanded our global retail partnerships, we are advancing our multi-format and business model growth plans. Today we're excited to announce that we've entered into a letter of intent for master franchise agreements with Australian based The Product Group to expand Flip Flop Shops into two strategically important markets, Australia and New Zealand, with a focus on travel and destination retail.

The agreement calls for the establishment development of at least 30 new shops throughout Australia and New Zealand, including key locations in Sydney, Melbourne, the Gold Coast, all major airports and extend the brand's footprint to over 156 franchise locations worldwide.
The new Flip Flop Shop locations will begin opening spring of 2017 and will be developed throughout the region of the next 10 years. This is one of several new ventures that we've undertaken with Flip Flop Shops and is a true testament to global opportunity for the Flip Flop Shops brand and model as our strategic growth plan comes to fruition.
We are especially pleased to partner with the product group, who has a well-established track record in the region. Australia and New Zealand are important markets globally for casual footwear and we were determined to bring our unique offering to the strategically important region.
New format growth has been central to our strategic plan for Flip Flop Shops right from the beginning, so we are equally excited to report that we've identified several larger scale shop programs for the US market that are combination of freestanding stores, super kiosk and shop in shops especially to retailers.
As an update on our channel expansion loyal [ph] plans, flipflopshops.com, our first venture into a wholly owned e-commerce platform is set to launch next week with plans to offer a limited product assortment and then expanding it over time as we gain additional insight. Flipflopshops.com provides a great opportunity to get closer to our customers and to support our valued franchisees.
We have created a unique model in which Cherokee Global Brands will share the gross profit of sales and flipflopshops.com with our franchisees and we're excited about the potential for them to grow with us in the digital space and to synergize Flip Flop Shops traditional brick-and-mortar business.
As I've noted in past calls, Flip Flop Shops is an important platform for scaling our portfolio of fashion and lifestyle brands. And I'm happy to share an important update on this front. A full assortment of Everyday California branded products is set to debut Flip Flops Hops the spring. This represents the first as many opportunities that we will explore to synergize our portfolio, in this case expanding one of our own brands into Flip Flop Shop locations.
In other Everyday California expansion news, we're in discussion will licensing partners to extend the brand into additional new product categories, including wearables, electronics and skincare products. We expect to announce more in this early next year. But in general, we are excited by the opportunity to leverage our growing licensee base to expand outside of traditional categories.
Around the other brand discussion, we continue to build upon our relationship with Reliance trends in India for our Point Cove brand, with an upcoming e-commerce launch scheduled for spring 2017. E-commerce is one of the fastest growing platforms in India and on a year-over-year basis sales were up 200% driven by an increased focus on older girls and boys apparel.
We're also excited to be in discussions with several retail and wholesale partners regarding future opportunities to bring the Point Cove brand to the US and other global markets.
In summary, we'll make a meaningful progress against our strategic goals of diversifying our brand portfolio and growing our global points of distribution. We are driving organic growth with our brands at a time when retail is moving faster as never before and operating with unprecedented complexity. Retailers today are having to do more than ever before, but with far fewer resources. They are having to make ongoing investments in technology, digital supply chain upgrades even as they reinvent their brick-and-mortar locations.

They simply cannot do all the heavy listening, nor do they want to and that will continue to work to our advantage. Now more than ever retailers need the vision, agility and scale that we deliver through our high equity brands and our powerful platform of capabilities. Retailers count on our brand vision to bring excitement and relevance to the customers, they depend on the agility of our platform to quickly seize opportunities and ramp up programs in record time. And they love the scalability of our brands, and how they are relevant in multiple categories, how they translate globally and across innumerable digital and physical touch points.
In short, everything we do is guided from the retailer’s point of view. Our mantra, think like a retailer has served us well and will continue to do so as we identify and integrate new partnerships and as we expand into new channels, new categories and new formats.
In closing, we're excited about the direction of Cherokee Global Brands. We're confident in our strategies and believe that a global operating platform and strong portfolio of brands will drive robust top-line growth in fiscal 2018. We look forward to executing on our organic initiatives and further strategic acquisitions in order to deliver strong growth and value to our shareholders for the quarters and years to come.
Thank you all for listening this afternoon, for your continued support. And with that, we'll open up the call for questions. Operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dave King with ROTH Capital Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Meyers
Good afternoon, guys. This is Nick Meyers on for Dave King. How are you doing?
Henry Stupp
Good. Good morning.
Jason Boling
Good morning.
Nick Meyers
Good morning. Yes, first of Hi-Tec. So between the various growth drivers for the brand, I think it’s including international gains, category expansion and growth into the domestic mass retail channel. What do you see as the biggest near-term opportunity and which of these is included in the $19 million of revenue you guided to?
Jason Boling
Well, the category expansion we intend to introduce a very small capsule going into the Q4 of fiscal '18, really the focus for the upcoming year is to continue to introduce the current product portfolio into new markets the Cherokee Global Brands already services and then to ensure a successful transition to the new operating partner licensees.
The future of the brand, especially as we move in fiscal '19 will be the introduction of new categories for the full family and that will include apparel, accessories, wearables and outdoor products. That will apply not only to the Hi-Tec brand, but to the other brands in the portfolio, including Magnum, 50Peaks and the Interceptor brand, which is sold at Walmart in the United States and several other territories around the world.
Nick Meyers
All right, perfect. Good color. Thank you. And then on in the 37% EBITDA margin you guided to is below your legacy rate, what's the amount of incremental investment you are expecting for Hi-Tec and do you see the margins on the business – and where do you see the margins on business going over the next couple of years?
Jason Boling
Yes, we baked into the first year, you know, certain transition costs and infrastructure cost to make sure that we set the table for the future category introductions. So traditionally we expect their margins to grow in the next couple of years into mid-40s. Over time, we do see our operating margins grow for each of our brands and that's before we calculate into the synergy opportunities with respect to having a European based operation and how we could service our partners better in Europe using the leveraging facility in Amsterdam and then conversely having an operation here in the United States that can help support all of our domestic licensee. So we do believe that margins would grow. It’s generally being our track record.

Nick Meyers
All right, perfect. Thank you. All right and then lastly, it sound like Hi-Tec should generates some meaningful tax advantages from keeping IP overseas, I know you mentioned already, but how should we be thinking about the blended tax rate for fiscal '18, and what are the implications for amortization?
Jason Boling
Yes, so the blended tax rate we're talking about is going to be in the mid-20s and that's largely due to the fact that the corporate tax rate in the Netherlands is a about 25% and then we have the IP amortization which was part of the acquisition, which allows us to further reduce our effective tax rate in the Netherlands.
Nick Meyers
Okay, perfect. Thank you. I'll step back for now. And good luck for the rest of the year.
Jason Boling
Thank you.
Henry Stupp
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Van Sinderen with B. Riley and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Good morning and let me add my congratulations on the Hi-Tec acquisition.
Jason Boling
Thank you.
Henry Stupp
Thank you. Jeff.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Look, I know you guys spoke a lot in your prepared comments, but just a couple of points of clarification, given that you've been working on the Hi-Tec acquisition I think for a while and you've gotten to know that business a little bit, maybe you can speak a little bit more about which opportunities for growth at Hi-Tec you think hold the most promise longer-term, I know you spoke about getting into apparel and accessories that kind of thing, maybe you can touch on that.
And maybe you can give us, I guess your early sense of which opportunities you think are likely to bear fruit first with Hi-Tec? And then any sense of that you can give us about the royalty rates for Hi-Tec if those are sort of industry-standard and if there is anything we should be aware of there, that would be a good place to start? Thanks.
Henry Stupp
All right. So, let's start first by talking about category expansion. We have already secured a broad United Kingdom, Continental European licensee for the apparel and accessory category. We'll be announcing our strategic operating partner licensees early next week.
That company has a lot of experience with some exception well-known brands not only for distribution throughout Europe, Middle East and Africa, but is also global supplier to the world for several well-known brands.
So we've already been working behind the scenes to develop the infrastructure, the design direction, not only for the Hi-Tec, but also for the Magnum brands and we will then be able to leverage that design infrastructure similar to how we work with our 360° model with other licensees that we've already identified and we've initiated discussions with both domestically and internationally.
No surprise to us, but as soon as the announcement was made we started to receive inbound calls from existing partners that we have globally and domestically, but also from new large-scale manufacturers who were interested in getting into this high-growth category, the active outdoor.
We like to say internally that walking is a new running and it's very democratic and it works for the whole family. So we're very excited about the full family category expansion opportunities associated with it.
As a result of that, answering your question, the introduction of these new categories will naturally drive increased distribution from the footwear, which is today heavily concentrated on sports specialty and specialty channel. The broadening of the categories will allow us to introduce Hi-Tec, footwear, and the full family offering into broader retail channels and that's something that we had done the work on behind-the-scenes prior to the acquisition and that’s something that we're most excited about.

From the royalty rate standpoint, it's very consistent with the rates that we've been working on with our Cherokee brand. They are you know in the - we haven’t disclosed the rates, but they are in the mid to high single digit rates on a wholesale basis and we are very pleased with the - obviously significant financial support that we've garnered upfront from the new operating partner licensees that have already signed on.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. Good. That’s really helpful. And then because I know you guys have given guidance for next year. Anything else you can help us with as far as some of the assumptions that are baked into that for next year.
I guess in other words what I'm trying to get is a sense you know what you baked in for the legacy brands, obviously there is a lot of moving parts I understand that, so you may not want to speak too much about that.
But - and then also do you plan to give quarterly guidance or should we assume that you'll pretty much be on track to give annual guidance going forward as the year unfolds. And then anything you can give us on what adjustments to EBITDA are baked into the Hi-Tec? I know obviously you have transitional things and integration things, but anything you can give us that’s baked into that 7 million figure? Thanks.
Jason Boling
All right. So at present we don’t plan on giving quarterly guidance, we plan on giving annual guidance. We plan to take the next 6 to 12 months to completely integrate the new opportunities with our existing platform and we very much look forward as a company to going back to straight GAAP reporting.
I think historically you know that we would prefer to report in GAAP numbers. However, listening to the street and some of our larger shareholders we felt that it was important through an acquisition cycle like the one we just concluded that we do break down the one-time costs, particularly with respect to the significant costs that we incurred while we went through the integration and the acquisition of Hi-Tec.
In terms of the Cherokee business, we - at this stage we've given our high level guidance and specifically with request to the Hi-Tec business and I mentioned earlier in one of the remarks, we have baked in transition costs and infrastructure build out to ensure that we set the table correctly for the future.
So we are comfortable with our guidance, it’s the first time as you know that we've issued guidance and we will update any material changes as the year progresses.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. Thank for that. And best of luck of holiday.
Jason Boling
Thank you very much, Jeff.
Henry Stupp
Thanks, Jeff.
Operator
Thank you. Mr. Stupp – I am sorry…
Henry Stupp
Yes, I just want to thank everyone for their support. Our team is working very hard. I do want to complement the exceptional management team at Hi-Tec. I believe on behalf of our team at Cherokee Global Brands, the first step for us when reviewing an acquisition opportunity is to get to know the management team and our decision was driven largely by the exceptional team that's in place. There's a lot of very young, intelligent management that are going to bring a lot to the Cherokee brand portfolio. We have a lot to learn from them and we are very excited to work with Ed and Martin and the entire team over at Hi-Tec. We couldn't be happier with the relationship that’s been forged over the last 18 months as we got to know each other and look very forward to a bright future. On that note, I'd like to wish everybody a very Happy Holiday and look forward to speaking in the New Year.
Operator
Thank you. This concludes the teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Textile - Apparel Clothing, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CHKE TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Cherokee's (CHKE) CEO Henry Stupp on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.11.17 | About: Cherokee Inc. (CHKE) Cherokee Inc. (NASDAQ:CHKE)
Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 11, 2017 4:30 AM ET
Executives
Laura Bainbridge - Addo Investor Relations
Henry Stupp - Chief Executive Officer
Jason Boling - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Eric Beder - Wunderlich
Jeff Van Sinderen - B. Riley & Company
Dave King - Roth Capital
Operator
Greetings and welcome to Cherokee Fiscal Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Ms. Laura Bainbridge with Addo Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Laura Bainbridge
Thank you. Speaking today will be the company’s Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp; and Chief Financial Officer, Jason Boling. You can find accompanying slides for today’s call on Cherokee’s Investor Relations website.
Before I hand the call over to management, please note that on this call certain information presented contains forward-looking statements. Certain statements contained herein may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Forward-looking statements included in this conference call involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results or achievements of the company to be materially different from any future results or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. A further list and description of these risks and uncertainties can be found in the company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and the company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events or developments.
Certain of the information in today’s call, including non-GAAP SG&A, non-GAAP operating income, EBITDA and non-GAAP net income may be considered non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes this information is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring the company’s available capital resources, the capital performance of its business and its cash flow, excluding expenses relating to professional fees from legal and due diligence for actual and potential acquisitions and business developments related to the identification and establishment of new brand licensees that would normally be included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.
Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-financial measures as reported by the company may not be comparable to similar titled amounts reported by other companies.
The non-GAAP measures described above are reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures in unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in the company’s earnings release under the heading GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Metrics, which is posted on the company’s website, cherokeeglobalbrands.com.
And with that, I’ll hand the call over to Cherokee’s Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp.
Henry Stupp
Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, I’d like to take the opportunity to welcome Carol Baiocchi and Susan Engel, both of whom joined Cherokee Global Brands as Independent Directors this past February. As we celebrate the global expansion of our high-equity lifestyle brand portfolio, Carol’s track record of successfully growing consumer products and retail businesses and Susan's private label and brand development experience will prove invaluable. We look forward to adding their extensive and diverse expertise to our board and their many future contributions.

In my remarks today, I will start with an update on our acquisition of Hi-Tec and the entire portfolio of brands where early performance is encouraging. Jason with then briefly walk you through our fiscal fourth quarter and 2017 financial results. I will then provide additional brand highlights including retailer and wholesaler updates before turning it over to Q&A.
So starting with Hi-Tec. I’m pleased to report that we are running slightly ahead of the six-month integration timeline previously communicated. Working closely with the Hi-Tec team and our operating partners, we're delivering a seamless retail transition to our branded licensing model.
As Jason will detail further, in certain territories, we continue to operate through third-party distributors as preexisting contracts dictate the timing of conversion to our brand licensing structure. We plan to convert the vast majority of distribution deals to license deals over a multiyear period.
Post-acquisition the early read from retailers and our new wholesale licensing partners and legacy distributors for our licensing model has been very positive. We've executed global license agreements for the core Hi-Tec, Magnum and related brands for the footwear category, allowing us to greatly expand our presence in the United States and Canada, the United Kingdom and across continental Europe and South Africa.
Product sales were strong and year-to-date licensing revenue for the Hi-Tec, Magnum and Interceptor brands are in line with our expectations. We’re particularly encouraged by the interest we've received among retailers seeking to expand the Hi-Tec, Magnum and Interceptor brands into new non-footwear categories including apparel, accessories and outdoor equipment. And keeping with that, we are particularly pleased with the inroads; our pan-European licensee is making apparel and accessories for the Hi-Tec portfolio of brands.
We feel very fortunate to have partners like the Batra Group onboard that embody the best in class standard we've established for our licensee partnerships. Batra brings immense direct expertise in launching marquee brands in Europe and in fact around the world and we look forward to introducing our first non-footwear categories such as apparel and accessories to specialty and department store retailers throughout Europe beginning late Q3 of fiscal 2018.
We're also pleased to announce that we are in the process of finalizing additional master licensees for the Hi-Tec, Magnum and Interceptor brands in the U.S. across multiple categories. Apparel and warm weather and cold weather accessories are in process and near final and other categories including outdoor equipment, wearable electronics and essentials including hosiery, underwear and base layer categories will follow. We’re also hard at work expanding our product offering to our existing distribution networks in the Middle East, Asia and Latin America and we look forward to reporting on our progress in the near future.
Hi-Tec acquisition represents a major strategic milestone in Cherokee Global Brands growth trajectory. Moreover, it is a powerful example of our dual approach to acquisitions whereby we acquire both brand assets and platform capabilities. In the case of Hi-Tec, for example, we not only gained access to multiple high-equity brands, but also category expertise in product development, management and sales talent and an established global supply chain.
This approach not only brings benefits to the Hi-Tec business, but also drives efficiency of scale and global expansion opportunities for all our brands across the entire Cherokee Global Brands global enterprise. This acquisition marks one of many ways in which we are aligning our vision with that of our retail partners. And this too will drive greater efficiencies and scale for our business in the coming years even if the overall retailer pool does shrink.

As retailers increasingly look to partner as a means of enhancing their portfolios and platform capabilities, we will be able to build our business by going deeper and wider without retailers across multiple consumer touch points. We expected this consolidated multiplatform model to accelerate over the next few years on the retailer side and our model is uniquely suited to benefit. I look forward to sharing ongoing examples of this as we move forward.
Through Hi-Tec we also gained a strategic brand headquarters and event hub in Europe under a very favorable tax structure. Last month we leveraged this facility to host our Global Brand Vision Summit, where we showcased an immersive multi-brand multi-category experience that included our newly acquired Hi-Tec, Magnum, Interceptor and 50 Peaks brands along with a showcase for our Cherokee, Tony Hawk, Everyday California, Point Cove and Flip Flop Shop brand opportunities. I'll provide additional details on this exciting event later in our prepared remarks.
Following the Hi-Tec acquisition, we expect our financial performance to be more balanced across geographies, retailers, brands and product categories. Including Hi-Tec, we now have 124 continuing licensing agreements worldwide plus distribution agreements in 30 countries that service over 12,000 doors plus an ever expanding e-commerce business.
Looking ahead, we will continue to explore additional scalable acquisitions that leverage and expand upon our existing platform and our portfolio of high equity brands. We're pleased that we maintain a leverage ratio that is amongst the lowest in the industry at approximately 2.2 times our estimated fiscal 2018 adjusted EBITDA compared to a peer group that is leveraged at a greater than 7 times in many cases. This provides us clearly with the financial flexibility to pursue both our organic and acquisition initiatives.
With that, I'll be back to talk about our brand performance in greater detail, but first I'm pleased to turn the call over to Jason to discuss our fiscal fourth quarter and 2017 financial results in greater detail.
Jason Boling
Thank you, Henry, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start today's discussion with a recap of our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2017 financial results. Consolidated GAAP revenues for the fourth quarter, which includes the revenue from Hi-Tec, were $15 million.
On a year-over-year comparable basis, Cherokee Global Brands revenues excluding Hi-Tec, was $7.2 million, a decrease of 8.8% from $7.8 million in the prior year period. The year-over-year decrease of $600,000 in Cherokee Global Brands revenue is largely due to the expected decrease in North American revenues relating to the Cherokee brand as we transition from our legacy partner to our new wholesale licensees. During the quarter, some of the decrease was offset by revenue increases globally particularly in South America, India, South Africa and Asia as the demand for Cherokee branded product continues to grow.
Hi-Tec revenue for the quarter was $7.8 million and is comprised of two components: indirect product sales and licensed revenue. Indirect product sales, which carry a cost of goods sold, were $6.6 million and represent sales to certain distributors and government contracts all in the Hi-Tec acquisition. License revenues stemming from new and existing license deals for the Hi-Tec portfolio of brands includes Hi-Tec, Magnum and Interceptor were $1.2 million in the fourth quarter.
And Henry noted, we plan to transition our distributor agreements to territorial license agreements with the timing to be dictated by the nature of the individual contracts. The remaining portion of indirect product sales that we do not expect a transition results from government contracts that are highly specialized hence falls out of the traditional scope of our licensed relationships.

Fiscal 2017 consolidated GAAP revenues were $40.6 million and includes Hi-Tec revenues. On a year-over-year comparable basis, Cherokee Global Brands revenues were $32.8 million, which compares to $34.7 million in the prior year and surpasses our guidance of $32 million. This increase over our guidance is attributable to higher license revenues from international territories for our Cherokee and Tony Hawk brands. It bears mentioning that our guidance for fiscal 2017 was not inclusive of Hi-Tec revenues, expenses or stock dilution associated with it. Hi-Tec had revenues of $7.8 million for the year and were the same as the fourth quarter given the timing of the acquisition.
GAAP selling, general and administrative expenses for the quarter were $18.9 million, compared to $5.9 million in the prior year period. GAAP SG&A expenses for fiscal 2017 totaled $38.9 million, compared to $21.3 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase for both the fourth quarter and full year reflects legal, due diligence and integration expenses associated with the Hi-Tec acquisition of $11.5 million and $15.3 million respectively and includes $3.8 million in restructuring costs associated with the acquisition of Hi-Tec.
As we've noted throughout the fiscal year, our SG&A expenses have been elevated relative to historical periods as a result of our increased business development activities. We expect to see a reduction of the aforementioned expenses during fiscal 2018 as we focus on growing our brands including the recently acquired Hi-Tec, Magnum and related brands in our portfolio.
Non-GAAP SG&A, which excludes the aforementioned legal, due diligence, integration and restructure costs, totaled $7.4 million for the fourth quarter, compares to $5.5 million in the prior year period. For the full year, non-GAAP SG&A totaled $23.7 million, compared to $20.1 million in the prior year. The majority of the increase in non-GAAP SG&A relates to the business operations for Hi-Tec for the fourth quarter and full year results for business operations related to Flip Flop Shops.
For the fourth quarter, GAAP operating loss was $9 million, compared to operating income of $1.9 million in the prior year period. Operating loss for the full year totaled $3.4 million, compared with operating income of $13.3 million in the prior year. Non-GAAP operating income excluding the aforementioned costs totaled $2.5 million or 16.5% of revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017. This compares to $2.3 million or 29.9% of revenues in the prior year period. Full year non-GAAP operating income totaled $11.9 million, compared to $14.6 million in the prior year.
Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 was $2.9 million, compared to $2.7 million in the prior year period. Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2017 was $13.4 million, compared to $15.9 million in the prior year. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes the aforementioned legal, due diligence, integration and restructuring costs.
GAAP net loss for the quarter was $10.6 million or a loss of $0.92 per share, compared to GAAP net income of $1.4 million or $0.16 per share in the prior year period. For the full year, GAAP net loss totaled $7.4 million, a loss of $0.78 per share. This compares to GAAP net income of $8.4 million $0.95 per diluted share in the prior year.
Including the legal, due diligence, integration and restructuring costs non-GAAP net income for the quarter totaled $1.8 million or $0.15 per diluted share. This compares to $1.7 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the prior year. For the full year, non-GAAP net income totaled $7.4 million or $0.78 per diluted share. This compares to $9.2 million or $1.04 per diluted share in the prior year.
We recorded a tax provision of $3.3 million in fiscal 2017. This compares to a tax provision of $4.4 million in the prior year. At January 28, 2017, our cash and cash equivalents were $8.4 million, compared to $6.5 million at January 30, 2016. Net debt for the quarter was $38.4 million.

Before I turn the call over to Henry, I want to briefly touch on our 2018 guidance, which we issued at the time of our Hi-Tec acquisition in December. We are reiterating our guidance for fiscal 2018 as gross profit is anticipated to be in the range of $49 million to $50 million with adjusted EBITDA is anticipated to be in the range of $19 million to $20 million. It’s important to note that this guidance reflects full year of Hi-Tec – whole year of Hi-Tec acquisition with Hi-Tec expected to contribute approximately $19 million in gross profit and $7 million adjusted EBITDA in the first fiscal year post closing. The measure of EBITDA is presented on a non-GAAP basis as it excludes the transaction, integration, restructuring costs associated with the acquisition.
Thank you for your time. I will now turn the call back over to Henry.
Henry Stupp
Thanks, Jason. I will now provide additional highlights. It's been widely reported that U.S. mall-based retail continues to face challenges largely stemming from shifting buying patterns among consumers. As noted previously however, our platform portfolio business model and the vision, agility and scale that we bring to all our partners domestically and internationally uniquely prepares us and defines our purpose as we navigate the fast evolving retail environment and to succeed despite or even because of these shift. Never have we been more aligned with where retail is going next as we focus on how to support our partners by thinking as they do.
So, starting with the Cherokee brand, revenues for Q4 were $4.6 million, a decrease of $14.5 million over the same period last year. Revenues for the full year of fiscal 2017 were $23 million, a decrease of 10.3%. This decrease was entirely due to the wind down of our relationship with Target stores in the U.S. partially offset by revenue increases as the global demand for Cherokee branded products continues to grow.
On regional basis, starting with the Americas, it’s a time of transition and expansion for Cherokee in the U.S. with our spring 2007 multi-category launch now underway. Through our greatly expanded relationships with best-in-class licensees, our most comprehensive assortment of Cherokee branded products has started hitting retail shelves and e-commerce sites with national and regional retailers. We are pleased that a full assortment of Cherokee branded products will be available to Cherokee loving consumers across the U.S. satisfying continued strong demand.
In fact recent NPD data confirms that Cherokee brand enjoys over 65% domestic awareness, placing it among the top 10 apparel brands in the U.S. It is the strength and reputation of Cherokee that has and continues to secure new distribution among leading national retailers. Including, amongst others, Amazon.com, Walmart.com, Jet.com, Babies"R"Us, Buy Buy Baby and, as I said, other. Through new channels of distribution including Amazon and Walmart.com, we are also attracting new audience and drive even greater awareness to authentic high-quality and affordable family lifestyle brand.
While it's still very early in the launch with product hitting the shelves of select retailers as we speak, response among our retail partners is already very positive and we are very encouraged by initial sell-throughs and multiple reorders. Over the next 12 months, we expect to aggressively grow the number of distribution points for Cherokee domestically and we’ve set a target of 5,000 locations plus continued online expansion. At the same time our fall and holiday launches for Cherokee will be supported by a robust fully integrated marketing campaign and I look forward to providing additional details in the coming weeks.
I reiterate that we are confident in the prospects of the Cherokee brand in the U.S. and we’re taking a thoughtful multiyear approach to fully replacing our legacy relationship. Cherokee really is the jewel in our crown and it's important that we secure long-term partners, who are capable of helping strategically grow the business across multiple categories and channels.

Outside of U.S., we continue to build our DTR partnerships with retailers such as Albert Stores in Czech Republic, a relationship that is generating additional product expansion and marketing opportunities across Europe. For the year, we saw retail sales growth with Nishimatsuya, which was up 22% in Japan; Pick 'n Pay, which was up 18% in South Africa; and a strong merger between Comercial Mexicana and Soriana, which will allow us to grow from a current 110 locations to over 700 locations in next three years in what is quite simply a very important market for us. Overall, we continue to be very pleased with the growing consumer awareness and demand for Cherokee’s iconic lifestyle products across the globe.
I’ll now turn to our Tony Hawk brand where strong brand awareness and global demand continues to fuel our expansion efforts. Revenues for Q4 were $1.4 million, an increase of 13% over the same period last year. Revenues for the full year fiscal 2017 were $5.1 million, an increase of 1.6%
Starting with the Americans, the performance within Walmart Canada has been strong and we are increasing the category offerings with the launch of our Hawk girls [ph] program in Canada later this year. In the meantime, our new spring collection is garnering favorable reaction and positive initial sell-throughs. We are pleased that our performance in Canada has led to an expansion of our business with Walmart in other regions including South America and Argentina.
U.S. demand for Hawk product is strong consumers seeking an expanded assortment of Hawk product beyond what is currently available at Kohl's stores. Based on this demand and in partnership with Kohl's, we've recently converted our agreement to a not exclusive relationship, which sets the stage for an immediate expanded distribution of Hawk products throughout the United States.
Further driving expansion for Tony Hawk will be our new U.S. wholesale licensee relationships, which have already secured orders for an expanded distribution of Hawk products hitting the floors this July. We're especially excited by expanding into additional distribution channels in U.S., which include specialty retail, e-commerce platforms such as Amazon.com, Walmart.com, and with additional national and regional retailers with a brand who has historically being underrepresented.
And in Europe, our recently expanded agreement with Sports Direct provides for broader assortment of Tony Hawk, which will be available in their stores throughout the UK, as well as online. And through our partnership with Fashion UK, we will launch the Tony Hawk brand in over 500 C&A locations this November. As you know, C&A is the leading fashion retail business with approximately 2,000 stores in 23 countries worldwide along with it a growing online presence. We continue to advance discussions regarding new partnership for the Tony Hawk brand in Asia and we look forward to make an announcement on this front in the very short future.
I’d like to now turn to the performance of Flip Flop Shops where we continue to drive productivity and deploy multipronged approach to grow. Revenue for Q4 was $450,000, an increase of 19% over the same period last year. Revenues for the full year fiscal 2017 were $1.6 million, a year-over-year increase of 250%.
During the year, we made a strategic decision to close a handful of underperforming franchise locations in order to drive greater overall productivity and make way for innovative format launches. We're pleased with the overall quality of the retail portfolio and year-to-date performance where we have experienced 9% same-store sales growth domestically. We expect future performance to continue to benefit from these and other refinements that will allow us to more efficiently scale the concept both domestically and internationally.

We're excited to launch our first fully owned e-commerce platform flipflopshops.com late in the fourth quarter. Post launch traffic to the site has built steadily as should only continue to do so as we head into the important summer season. Currently, the site is generating over 20,000 page views monthly.
We’re very excited to also announce the debut of Flip Flop Shops’ first floating retail concept at the Stonebriar Mall just outside of Dallas, Texas, which is off to a very strong encouraging start. The new floating retail concept is situated in one of the most highly trafficked common areas and incorporates many of the recognizable features of the traditional Flip Flop Shop, while offering even more compelling financial economics to our franchisee partners.
We have commitments from our franchisees to open additional five to eight floating stores during fiscal 2018. And we will grow our Flip Flop Shops footprint through other large scale franchisee partners around the world with announcements in the U.S. and Canada forthcoming.
On the international front and through our future master franchisee in Australia and New Zealand, we plan to open two retail locations this fall with an additional two to three stores planned for 2018. New distribution channels and format innovations including freestanding stores, floating retail and shop in shops with specialty retailers will continue to driver our growth plans for Flip Flop Shops.
At the same time we will continue to leverage the Flip Flop Shops’ platform to expand the reach of our brand portfolio with our Everyday California brand serving as a recent example. Everyday California just debuted in our Flip Flop Shop locations across the U.S. and internationally and we are exploring additional synergies between our portfolio of high-equity brand and our platform.
Turning our attention to the Hi-Tec brand portfolio, revenues for Q4 and year were $7.8 million consisting of $1.2 million in licensing revenue from our licensees and $6.6 million of indirect product sales from our distributors. Through our new licensing arrangement with the Batra Group in the UK, we've been able to immediately establish a London-based design team to design and create the multi-category product expansion opportunity for the Hi-Tec, Magnum, 50 Peaks and Interceptor brands.
The Batra Group is a very established UK-based branded apparel and accessory supplier that services the pan-European community with stable of blue-chip brands including Fila, Russell Athletic and Sergio Tacchini amongst others. And partnering with Batra Group, Cherokee Global Brands set up a global design development center for apparel and accessories to service all of our global partners. In fact in a mere two months, we are able to create and sample the spring and summer 2018 apparel and accessory offering, which is a fantastic example of the core capabilities that form the infrastructure associated with our forward thinking pillars and platforms.
In addition to the quick multi-category product expansion, our new licensing partners including Batra and Carolina Footwear have been able to expand the current distribution of the core footwear programs for the entire family. In short, as we transition from the old operating model to a new more agile licensing model, the strength of our new licensing partners is bearing a very quick positive results.
On the domestic front, we expect to announce our master apparel, accessory and outdoor equipment licensees in the coming weeks if not sooner. We have already started meeting with national and regional department stores, market-leading retailers in the sports specialty channel plus every major e-commerce retailer to introduce them to the expanded Hi-Tec, Magnum, Interceptor and 50 Peaks brand opportunities and we look forward to sharing our results in the coming weeks.

Given the speed in which we've been able to develop the apparel and accessory ranges, we're announcing today that we have begun retail placement in certain key markets for our late Q3 fiscal 2018 program several months ahead of schedule. I want to thank our licensees dearly for their incredible efforts in securing such wonderful results in these very early stages of our new relationship.
One other important note related to the Hi-Tec brand portfolio is the incredible performance of our Interceptor brand at Walmart, which has recently been expanded to include Walmart.com Jet.com, Sears.com and [indiscernible]. Sales have picked up significantly with unit volumes increasing from approximately 16,000 pairs per week during fiscal 2017 to over 25,000 pairs per week thus far in fiscal 2018. These strong results bode well for future category expansion of the Interceptor brand specifically as it relates to apparel, cold and warm weather accessories, base layers, hosiery and underwear. We’re also working to globalize the Interceptor with Walmart into additional countries with the first expansion slated for early Q3 of fiscal 2018.
With respect to the Magnum brands, our government contract business continues to build and we expect our expansion into new categories will lead to additional expansion opportunities. On the retail front, Magnum continues to perform with increased bookings in many territories and we are hard at work preparing the autumn winter 2018 launch of apparel, warm and cold weather accessories, hosiery, underwear and base layers.
In summary, we're excited about our future direction. Through our track record of successful acquisitions and organic growth initiatives – proven organic growth initiatives, we have transformed Cherokee Global Brands into a global diversified enterprise with a vastly expanded brand portfolio and diversified multi-category product assortments for the entire family that today are operating in more than 12,000 retail locations and a growing number of digital platforms in over 110 countries worldwide.
We expect our performance in fiscal 2018 to reflect this diversity with greater balance across geographies, retailers, brands and product categories and we expect to see strong contribution from both organic and acquired growth initiatives. Our global perspective has always been one of our greatest strengths.
And as I alluded to earlier, we shared our vision with our valued partners at our Global Brand Vision Summit, which was held this year at our new European brand headquarters in Amsterdam April 19 through April 21. This year's theme, Think Outside, speaks to our forward looking opportunities on multiple fronts.
We retrofitted the event venue to provide an immersive multi-brand showcase for our growing portfolio, including of course our newly acquired Hi-Tec, Magnum, Interceptor and 50 Peaks brands in addition to name sic Cherokee, Tony Hawk, Everyday California, Point Cove and Flip Flop Shop retail concept. Over 160 retailers, licensees, distributors and media representatives joined us for the semiannual three day event.
During the summit, we provided our partners a glimpse into the evolution of our capabilities platform and brand portfolio including a preview of our grand vision and a showcase of the latest in store in digital innovation. Attendees gained insight into shifting consumer purchasing behavior, the trends in technologies that we expect will change the game in 2018 and beyond. And we presented for the first time the full spectrum of categories that will continue to support enhance our global expansion including apparel, accessories, footwear and home products across our company’s entire brand portfolio for spring and summer 2018.
Summit embodied the spirit of collaboration that defines our global partnerships and the value we place on aligning with retailers’ future. It exemplified the many reasons why this is a truly exciting time at Cherokee Global Brands. I thank you for joining us today and for your continued support and I will now open up the call for questions.

Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Beder of Wunderlich. Please proceed with your question.
Eric Beder
Good afternoon and congratulations on a strong end to the year and appreciate the commentary.
Henry Stupp
Thank you, Eric.
Eric Beder
Could you talk a little – so I want to have a few things. One is that, Hi-Tec has materially more country focus than you guys do in terms of just diversity in countries. How are you going to bring – how are you looking to leverage that going forward with some of your core brands before Hi-Tec?
Henry Stupp
Well, we had our vision summit and we leveraged it, we moved up our calendar. Our original goal was to bring all of our partners together in June. And when we looked at the calendar and we saw that Hi-Tec already had a global sales meeting planned for their licensees and distributors and the new operating partners, we moved our calendar up, retrofitted the brand headquarters in Amsterdam and we were able to walk our partners both existing and some future partners through an entire showcase – an immersive showcase of all of our brands. There is a thread that connects the brands that we bring into our portfolio.
So if I may use an example, if we look at the global distribution for the Hi-Tec brand, there is a great synergy that exists between the distribution of Hi-Tec products and the opportunity to distribute the Tony Hawk brand – the same retail channels, same retail opportunities. As a result of bringing in all of the 110 representatives – representative countries for Hi-Tec, we were able to immediately introduce through the platform that existed with Cherokee Global Brands, new distributors and potential licensees to brands such Tony Hawk.
Now not every brand has to be done through a license agreement in fact some of the existing Hi-Tec distributors are able to immediately tap in to our platform specifically our supply chain and bring brands such as Tony Hawk into new markets faster than ever before in the past where it could take as long as 12 months to 18 months to introduce a brand into a country, we are now looking to bring it down into 90 days or less because we have ready to go product that's already approved from best-in-class fully compliant supply chain.
So we've had incredible interest, our guys are already in contract with multiple countries to leverage the Hi-Tec relationships for many of our existing brands and you could also expect that our footwear opportunity will be magnified significantly across all brands in our portfolio given the design talent that exists for footwear over in Amsterdam.
Eric Beder
Great. I’m kind of switching gears here. In terms of Cherokee in the U.S., so you've been out there for about four months, what are kind of the takeaways you are getting and how do you see it starting to ramp as we go through the year?
Henry Stupp
Well, we found that it was definitely a challenge at the onset moving from a legacy partner, convincing new retailers to buy the Cherokee brand when we still had incredible placement through significant part of Q3 with Target. Now that Target has wound up and product has started to – retails were finding that the retail base domestically is growing more interested. So that's one facet that's very positive.
The second is our licensee base was very carefully vetted and selected and very supportive. They have built incredible product, which was our first priority, value driven product and, in simple terms, every retailer that has acquired it has performed extremely well with multiple reorders coming in and in fact some retailers coming in and buying all the stock that’s on the floor.
So the good news is we're chasing orders now from an inventory standpoint, we've set a new goal of 5,000-door placement towards the end of the year. Our e-commerce platform has grown significantly since our last call, the product is compelling, [indiscernible] Cherokee is a great brand and we have fantastic licensees who are in it for the long haul and we expect as quarter after quarter passes we will see continued growth, continued success with our brand.

Eric Beder
Fantastic. And finally, Tony Hawk and Kohl's, I assume, you went to the non-exclusive agreement. How do you think that's going to affect the overall results in terms of – we know the minimums were for Kohl's, how do you look upon seeing that flows through and I assume when do you think that becomes a net-net positive in terms of revenues for you?
Henry Stupp
Well, we had immediate interest from numerous retailers, so we openly candidly transparently had conversations with Kohl's. They recognize that we should not be restricted under a license agreement; it’s not good for the brand. We also behind the scenes prepared a free robust research survey, which showed Kohl's that the expansion of the brand into multiple channels would only elevate the profile of Tony Hawk in all likelihood would increase the business at Kohl's.
The fact is is that the opportunity based on orders that are already coming in from some pretty significant scale retail partners leads us to believe that Hawk will grow beyond its current sales level and there are other factors that will increase the profitability specifically the royalty rate that we get on the wholesale business is very positive and the structure of the present deal with Kohl's had commissions tied in to third-party agents when we acquired the brand from Quicksilver, which will go away.
So the net-net is it immediately becomes a more positive business, every dollar generated is significantly more positive for us and the category skateboarding is hitting a tremendous growth curve, so we're quite excited. There are some very large scale retailers that have already picked it up. We will only name them – in our next quarter we will begin to name them as goods start – being planned to hit the retail shelves. We do have orders secured in new merchandise for an expanded distribution will hit stores as of August 1 of this year. This is the first time we’re publicly announcing that.
Eric Beder
Great. Congratulations. Good luck in 2017.
Henry Stupp
Thank you very much, Eric.
Operator
Our next question comes from Jeff Van Sinderen of B. Riley & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Let me add my congratulations, it sounds like everything is going great. Henry, maybe you could just walk us a little bit more through spring 2017, obviously, you're still sort of in process it sounds like with the launch. Just wondering where the product has the biggest presence to retail or where it's going to have the biggest presence to retail talking about the Cherokee brand product? What categories are the broadest array of product and also what's selling through the best and then conversely are there any areas where you feel like product needs more work or you maybe need to focus more? And what sort of sales volume should we be thinking about for the first half of the calendar year in that brand?
Henry Stupp
So, we’ve only given top line guidance in terms of sales volume. With respect to the Cherokee brand, we have stated we're looking at a 2- to 3-year period to replace the revenue basis that we had. It may happen quicker based on the speed in which retailers are starting to come on board. With respect to the categories that are performing best, the newborns, infant and toddlers and the little boy/little girl business, which has the widest placement thus far is performing the best.
There have been some lessons that we’ve learned. Cherokee at Target was not a high/low price point, so the retailers that have followed an everyday low price, have set price on the brands have immediate positive returns. Retailers that traditionally use a high/low pricing confused the legacy Cherokee customers, so we're able to immediately insert ourselves and fix that because we’re aware. I think that the biggest future potential no surprise domestically is the dot com platform.

We’ve been significantly embraced by Walmart.com, Jet.com, Sears.com and their portfolio there plus Amazon.com. So the combination of that plus the marketing plan that we will be introducing as we head into the latter half of this year, I think, will all be significant drivers. It's a first for us in how we're going to communicate directly with the consumer channel to support our retail partners. We have a multi-integrated approach. So we’ll really go in here and we're pleased with the results. We’re working hard. I will say, from a product standpoint, we are very delighted with the returns and the results.
Most importantly and we only are mentioning it today, we've recently concluded our ladies license agreement with a best-in-class license partner. It was a company that we had wanted to work with for quite some time. And we finally came to an agreement a few weeks back. They've immediately started to secure placement as well. That's very exciting for us that as the quarters and months progress, we will be a full family lifestyle brand much in a way we were a decade ago. So I’m very pleased, we are going to take it slow and steady and we're going to win this race.
Jeff Van Sinderen
That's great. And then just maybe if we can shift over to Hi-Tec for a minute. It sounds like that a little bit of a transitional thing as far as booking direct and getting the new licensees all signed up, I guess, is – I will look at it. So thinking about that, given I guess the nature of it as a stand, is there anything you can give us in terms of fall order book from retailers that are buying Hi-Tec or they planning Hi-Tec up, kind of where do we stand at this point in that?
Henry Stupp
Generally bookings are up. We're sticking with our guidance for right now. Booking are up, sell-through is up. We are transitioning from an old operating model that was more inventory in hands and less pre-booking to new licensees, which are attacking the market frankly the way the market needs to be attacked, which is more pre-bookings and less immediate at once delivery. So, our goal was to not be the last supplier because we have goods and retailer X wants to buy something, they will call Hi-Tec.
Our partners like Caroline and Batra are negotiating significant upfront commitments. And I will tell you that Carolina Footwear for example has had an immediate positive impact in terms of door count here, which for fall of this year, which is a very positive result in early stages. That combined with some pretty impressive growth that we're planning with the e-commerce business is exciting. If I look at my Interceptor business at Walmart, it’s off the chart, so that’s leading to new product opportunities, it lead to an immediate expansion with Jet.com, Sears.com, Walmart.com. It led to an expanded side range, so we'll be able to service a broader consumer audience. So we're delighted.
The one thing I do want to point out also was – and it bears noting why don’t we – listening into a lot of the peer group calls, a lot of the domestic fashion guys, a lot of the domestic retailers, the global nature of our business today is release something that we’re most proud of. We frankly felt several years ago we identified that the U.S. market was going to hit a bit of a rough patch given the fact that there is double the retail square footage per capita here than the next closest country.
The globalization of our brands, not simply buying a brand in a foreign market and saying we're global, but actually taking a brand and selling it in multiple countries for us, it was very important. We're able to sit here today despite the fact that there is some weakness in the U.S. market and we'll get through it and all of us get through it, we're very excited about the fact that we're global and that's been a very important transition and shift in our business. And so, I just wanted to make that one comment as well.

Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. But just to clarify that you're still saying that the domestic order book for Hi-Tec is up correct?
Henry Stupp
Correct, correct.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay.
Henry Stupp
Also the retail partners have already expressed inbound interest in expanding the assortment beyond the legacy footwear business. So we're actually meeting with some of the larger retailers have been for several weeks now about introducing late Q4 or Q1 of next year a Hi-Tec, Magnum, full assortment of products, so that’s a key material plus for us.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. And then can you help us understand the split between Hi-Tec direct and licensed, how we should think about that for this year?
Jason Boling
Yeah, so, right now, when we gave our guidance, the guidance is given to you based upon the gross profit number. So, we didn't want to confuse anybody with breaking out the distributor sales versus licensing.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. And then I didn't see a balance sheet, I'm sure that's going to be in your filing.
Jason Boling
Correct.
Jeff Van Sinderen
But are you – can you give us a sense or maybe you already said this and I missed it, but your inventory level at this point?
Jason Boling
Well, we didn’t discuss inventory and that will be on the filing when we file it.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. And when is that due?
Jason Boling
Well, it was due a while ago.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Right, right. I’m sorry, but I mean given the extension that you got, when do you expect to actually file it?
Jason Boling
We will be filing it soon.
Henry Stupp
Yeah.
Jeff Van Sinderen
Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jason Boling
Thank you.
Henry Stupp
Thank you very much, Jeff.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question. Our final question will come from Dave King of Roth Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Dave King
Afternoon, guys.
Jason Boling
Hi, Dave.
Dave King
Unfortunately, it won’t be one final question, I’ve got several. But I guess first off on the Hi-Tec distribution contracts, it seems to me that the wholesale equivalent fees you're capturing on those are, I don’t know, several multiples higher than the license percentage versions? I guess if you convert those, can you talk about the ability to capture similar percentages there? And then, I guess, more broadly is there a potential to grow with similar kind a high fee relationships going forward?
Henry Stupp
Yeah, I think, what we're seeing, Dave, is an evolution of the model, right. I think that when – Cherokee, which has been really – when Bobby introduced the direct to retail concept, it was pioneering, it was innovative, it was very smart, it was a great reaction to how the licensing model should evolve. And that really forms the foundation of what Cherokee Global Brands is about, pioneering and being innovative.
When we introduced the 360 degrees platform that was next evolution of demonstrating innovation by us taking cues back, focusing on organic growth, focusing on globalization of our brands and being able to deliver a clear vision, more speed to all of our partners whether they are licensees, wholesalers or retailers.
To answer your question about distributors, you are again seeing a further evolution of the business. We're able to monetize the supply chain work and the infrastructure that's been put in place over the last few years. To answer your question, we do believe that there are many opportunities for us to drive higher margins as we move into the future for all of our brands as we continue to centralize and globalize our supply chain and have better product at our prices in all major markets.
Dave King
Okay. Okay, that helps. It’s great color. And I guess congrats on getting Cherokee and Hawk on the Walmart.com. I guess when do you expect to get Cherokee to launch on the site and I guess how many categories do you expect? And then, I guess, for Hawk, if we include Walmart.com, maybe a follow-up to Eric’s final question, if we include Walmart.com, but then assuming Kohl's maybe is lower, I guess, how should we be thinking about the full economics relative to, I think, the $4.8 million, I think, you’re getting on an annual basis previously?

Henry Stupp
Well, the expansion is already underway. We've already started to get commitments from multiple retailers. We use Walmart and Amazon as examples for Tony Hawk and Cherokee. So we’ve got three licensees, they're all best-in-class partners who do significant business with all retailers. We are in negotiation for some pretty sizeable commit outside of Kohl's, which is why we believe that the guidance we provided is solid for this year and as we move into the fall, we will of course issue guidance for subsequent periods
So we are – we think that we are taking the necessary steps to not have our brands captive because we've certainly seen what happened in that scenario and I think that we had to take a cold hard look at our business and how difficult it was to transition from our legacy relationship particularly – specifically with the Cherokee brand. We are thankful that we had a platform that was able to do it. We’re thankful that we have licensees who were able to swiftly pick up the ball. And I think we went back and looked at where are we exposed, what should we do, what actions should we take right now and that lead to fruitful discussions with Kohl's and new wholesale partners for us to immediately expand, so that we do not find ourselves in a position where we have to experience what we went through in 2006.
Dave King
Okay. That helps. And then maybe on – I guess since we're in early May now, any color on April that you can provide at this point on the April quarter, anything worse or better than expected on any fronts?
Henry Stupp
We're going to be reporting in a few weeks, so we’ll go through everything right then and there. We're kind of back to back right now, but we're planning on reporting early June, Q1.
Dave King
Okay, okay. That's helps there. And then I guess one more for me. If I look at the non-GAAP tax rate, it look like it was about 21%, Jason, is that the right number for the quarter and then is that how we should be thinking about that on a go-forward basis?
Jason Boling
So the non-GAAP tax rate is going to be its Hi-Tec in Amsterdam at 25% and the rest of Cherokee right now at roughly 36% something, so you would still based upon that. The guidance that we gave included some benefit to the tax rate. I do expect it to improve. I don't expect it to be in the low-20s at this point.
Dave King
Okay, okay, perfect. Nice quarter guys. Good success on a lot of fronts and good luck with the rest of this year. Thanks.
Henry Stupp
Thank you very much.
Jason Boling
Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Textile - Apparel Clothing, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CHKE TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksTesla Could Sell Off On Any Bad News From These 2 EventsTSLA• Today, 6:03 PM • Alex ChoGoodyear Tire & Rubber Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGT• Today, 3:04 PM • SA TranscriptsAltria: Time To Be Greedy, Or Fearful?MO• Today, 2:40 PM • Jonathan Weber•116 CommentsCoca-Cola: The Forever CompanyKO• Today, 2:04 PM • Mike Berner•5 CommentsCamping World To Acquire TheHouse For Active Sports BusinessCWH• Today, 1:44 PM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsDividend Champion On Sale - FDA Puts A Discount Sticker On Shares Of Altria GroupMO• Today, 1:08 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•82 CommentsAfter A Bad Quarter, J&J Snack Foods Looks Even More OvervaluedJJSF• Today, 12:58 PM • Vince Martin•4 CommentsAutomation != IntelligenceTSLA• Today, 12:44 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•82 CommentsProcter & Gamble - Operational Improvements Are Priced InPG• Today, 12:34 PM • The Value Investor•6 CommentsUnilever: Q2 2017 Results Point To More Goodness To Come?Editors' Pick • UL, UN• Today, 10:30 AM • Dividend DriveTenneco Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEN• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsDomtar Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUFS• Today, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsKnoll, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKNL• Today, 7:54 AM • SA TranscriptsTesla: Buy The Product, Not The StockTSLA• Yesterday, 8:50 PM • Bank On Insight•115 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoA Stock That's In Vogue: Hugo BossBOSSY• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Frederic LaudenklosLear Sees Content Growth AheadLEA• Yesterday, 6:46 PM • William Keller•1 CommentFord: The Dividend Is All That MattersF• Yesterday, 6:11 PM • Josh Arnold•56 CommentsPolaris (PII) Investor Presentation - SlideshowPII• Yesterday, 3:12 PM • SA TranscriptsCott (COT) Aells Beverage Manufacturing Musiness To Refresco (RFFRY) - SlideshowCOT• Yesterday, 2:52 PM • SA TranscriptsIs Pinnacle Foods At Peak Performance Or Is Greater Growth Coming?PF• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Michael Ugulini•2 CommentsGeneral Motors: Strong Core Earnings Show Us That Strategy And Execution Are On PointGM• Yesterday, 1:53 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•18 CommentsMamaMancini's: 40% Organic Growth Selling...MeatballsMMMB• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Michael Liu•5 CommentsJohnson Controls International plc 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJCI• Yesterday, 12:44 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsCoca-Cola: Nothing Has ChangedKO• Yesterday, 12:22 PM • Josh Arnold•29 CommentsPVH Corp.: Make American Fashion Great Again (A La Calvin Klein And Tommy Hilfiger)Editors' Pick • PVH• Yesterday, 11:04 AM • Goddess Diogenes•6 CommentsAltria Does It AgainMO• Yesterday, 10:37 AM • Jonathan Weber•56 CommentsInternational Paper Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIP• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • SA TranscriptsFiat Chrysler Automobiles NV 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCAU• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • SA TranscriptsAB InBev: Offering A Stock Dividend Would Be A Brilliant MoveBUD• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • The Investment Doctor•14 CommentsBorgWarner Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBWA• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsNelson Peltz On Procter & Gamble: Sign Of The Future For ROIC LaggardsPG• Yesterday, 9:42 AM • David Trainer•10 CommentsHasbro Results Portend Further Weakness At Mattel And JAKKS PacificHAS, JAKK, MAT• Yesterday, 8:53 AM • ALT Perspective•5 CommentsGreif: Voting Vs. Non-Voting Relative Value ArbitrageGEF, GEF.B• Yesterday, 8:44 AM • Kevin Mak, CFAAdient plc 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesADNT• Yesterday, 8:43 AM • SA TranscriptsViña Concha Y Toro: A Strong Ship Facing Sharp HeadwindsVCO• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • William Daniel•4 CommentsBMW: Sales Growth And Electric CarsBMWYY• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • KMP Ideas•4 CommentsProcter & Gamble: The Ultimate GamblePG• Yesterday, 6:58 AM • Activist Stocks•6 CommentsSeaboard: Under-Followed Long-Term Compounder With Near-Term CatalystsSEB• Yesterday, 5:00 AM • Donald Marchiony•10 CommentsFord Motor: Investors Are On StrikeF• Yesterday, 4:51 AM • Achilles Research•30 CommentsFord: Don't Buy The DipF• Yesterday, 4:28 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•44 CommentsLVMH-Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLVMHF• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:49 PM • SA TranscriptsTootsie Roll Industries: A Very Safe Dividend King With Iconic BrandsTR• Wed, Jul. 26, 8:20 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•12 CommentsIMAX Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIMAX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:05 PM • SA TranscriptsTupperware Brands Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTUP• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsNike To Begin Selling Products On AmazonNKE• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:47 PM • Gianni Gambone•13 CommentsGeneral Motors: An Underestimated YearGM• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:52 PM • David Butler•7 CommentsNova Lifestyle: Boom Or Bust - Wait For Q2 EarningsNVFY• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:53 PM • Canzler Capital•6 CommentsModel 3 Event: What I Will Be WatchingTSLA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:57 PM • ValueAnalyst•432 CommentsThe Hershey Company: A Sugar Fueled ZombieHSY• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsDaimler AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDDAIF• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:37 PM • SA TranscriptsDaimler AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDDAIF• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:37 PM • SA TranscriptsTime To Take Profits On Your iRobot, And Wait Patiently For ReentryIRBT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • James Brumley•3 CommentsFord: It's All About TrucksF• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:56 AM • David Butler•45 CommentsThe Only Automaker Gaining Minivan Market Share Is Fiat Chrysler - Segment Down 13%FCAU• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:53 AM • Anton Wahlman•5 CommentsCoca-Cola: A Sweet Deal?KO• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:39 AM • D.M. Martins Research•1 CommentCoca-Cola: It Could Happen AgainKO• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:38 AM • Quad 7 Capital•17 CommentsStepan Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSCL• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:35 AM • SA TranscriptsBassett: A Furniture Company To Chair-IshBSET• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:22 AM • Underanalyzed Equities•1 CommentFord Motor Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesF• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•15 CommentsLear Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLEA• Wed, Jul. 26, 9:16 AM • SA TranscriptsStora Enso Oyj 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSEOJF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:54 AM • SA TranscriptsHooker Furniture Still Looks A Bit Too ExpensiveHOFT• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:38 AM • Vince MartinHow German Companies Deal Differently With The Diesel AllegationsPEUGF, RNSDF, CARZ• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:33 AM • Wubbe BosKonecranes Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKNCRF• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:43 AM • SA TranscriptsPeugeot S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPEUGF• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:50 AM • SA TranscriptsHasbro's Q2 (In Brief): Still BullishHAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:38 AM • Steven Mallas•4 CommentsA Tesla Bull And Bear Debate: 50% Upside Or 50% Downside?TSLA• Tue, Jul. 25, 5:26 PM • Hedgeye•206 CommentsCarlisle Companies Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSL• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:34 PM • SA TranscriptsColgate-Palmolive: Time To Move OnCL• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:29 PM • Josh Arnold•7 CommentsHasbro: Buy On The Drop?HAS• Tue, Jul. 25, 4:22 PM • Kumquat Research•1 CommentGeneral Motors Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGM• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:58 PM • SA TranscriptsKimberly-Clark Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKMB• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:57 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentFord/GM Investors Should Sell Now: Ridesharing Will Soon Penetrate Suburbs, Devastate DividendsF, GM• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:54 PM • Max Greve•92 CommentsDaimler: An Unexpected Income StockDMLRY• Tue, Jul. 25, 3:12 PM • The Outsider•6 Comments123456...436Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Wayside Technology Group's (WSTG) CEO Simon Nynens on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WSTG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  6:04 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




WSFS Financial Corporation's (WSFS) CEO Mark Turner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WSFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  6:01 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




QIAGEN's (QGEN) CEO Peer Schatz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


QGEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




National Oilwell Varco (NOV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NOV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Public Service Enterprise Group (PEG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PEG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Plantronics' (PLT) CEO Joseph Burton on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PLT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mohawk Industries' (MHK) CEO Jeff Lorberbaum on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MHK•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Investors Bancorp's (ISBC) CEO Kevin Cummings on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ISBC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Altice SA's (ATUS) CEO Michel Combes on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ATUS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Franklin Resources (BEN) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




KT (KT) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




The Bancorp's (TBBK) CEO Damian Kozlowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TBBK•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eversource Energy (ES) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ES•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cabot Oil & Gas (COG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reinsurance Group of America's (RGA) CEO Anna Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RGA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Principal Financial Group's (PFG) CEO Dan Houston on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PFG•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:58 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




International Consolidated Airlines Group's (ICAGY) CEO Alex Cruz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ICAGY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cousins Properties' (CUZ) CEO Larry Gellerstedt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CUZ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Norbord's (OSB) CEO Peter Wijnbergen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OSB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Embraer's (ERJ) CEO Paulo Cesar de Souza e Silva on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ERJ•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fortive Corporation's (FTV) CEO Jim Lico on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FTV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:48 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CubeSmart's (CUBE) CEO Chris Marr on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CUBE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:40 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mercer International's (MERC) CEO David Gandossi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MERC•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ArcBest Corp's (ARCB) CEO Judy McReynolds on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARCB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:32 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Goodyear Tire & Rubber (GT) CEO Rich Kramer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GT•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Exxon Mobil (XOM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XOM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Virtus Investment Partners' (VRTS) CEO George Aylward on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VRTS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




PNM Resources' (PNM) CEO Pat Vincent-Collawn on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PNM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newpark Resources' (NR) CEO Paul Howes on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NR•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ENGIE's (ENGIY) CEO Isabelle Kocher on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ENGIY•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4455Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Henry Stupp - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Henry Stupp
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Cherokee Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Henry Stupp? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Henry Stupp's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Henry Stupp's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Henry Stupp's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Henry Stupp through your network of contacts.
												








Henry Stupp's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, 
Cherokee Inc.


Past
To view Henry Stupp's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
53

 
 


Henry Stupp's Biography



Henry Stupp became our Chief Executive Officer and a director in August 2010. Prior to joining Cherokee, Mr. Stupp was a co-founder of Montreal-based Novel Teez Designs, later known as NTD Apparel USA LLC, a leading licensee of entertainment, character, sport and branded apparel, and a supplier to many major North American retailers, having most recently served as President of NTD Apparel USA from 2005 until 2010. During his tenure with NTD Apparel USA, Mr. Stupp successfully identified, negotiated, and introduced many well-known licenses and brands to a broad retail audience. In addition, Mr. Stupp is currently serving a two-year term as a D ...
(Read More)

			Henry Stupp became our Chief Executive Officer and a director in August 2010. Prior to joining Cherokee, Mr. Stupp was a co-founder of Montreal-based Novel Teez Designs, later known as NTD Apparel USA LLC, a leading licensee of entertainment, character, sport and branded apparel, and a supplier to many major North American retailers, having most recently served as President of NTD Apparel USA from 2005 until 2010. During his tenure with NTD Apparel USA, Mr. Stupp successfully identified, negotiated, and introduced many well-known licenses and brands to a broad retail audience. In addition, Mr. Stupp is currently serving a two-year term as a Director of the International Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association. Mr. Stupp attended Concordia University where he majored in Economics. 
 
As our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Stupp brings to the Board critical insight into our operations and business. His extensive experience in the apparel business and with merchandise licensing, coupled with his in-depth knowledge of Cherokee, provides our Board with important knowledge and skills and facilitates the Board's oversight of strategic and financial planning and other critical management functions.
		
Source: Cherokee Inc. on 05/26/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Henry Stupp's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Henry Stupp. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Henry Stupp's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Henry Stupp's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Henry Stupp through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Henry Stupp


















Henry Stupp's Connections (17)





Sign up now to view Henry Stupp's 17 connections »









Susan E. Engel
Board Member, Cherokee Inc.









Keith M. Hull
Board Member, Cherokee Inc.









Howard B. Siegel
President, Chief Operating Officer and Secretary, Cherokee Inc.









Jason Boling
Chief Financial Officer, Cherokee Inc.









Frank Tworecke
Board Member, Cherokee Inc.









Robert Margolis
Former Executive Chairman, Cherokee Inc.









Timothy G. Ewing
Former Board Member, Cherokee Inc.









Russell J. Riopelle
Former Chief Financial Officer, Cherokee Inc.









Robert C. Galvin
Board Member, Cherokee Inc.









Carol Baiocchi
Board Member, Cherokee Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













Henry Stupp | about.meHenry StuppHarold and Sandra' son, brother of Mark, Husband to Robin, Father of Sydney and Jordyn and lover of Travel, Tech, TV and a good scotch


Henry Stupp | License! Global




















Skip to Main Content Area








 












 













Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
RSS
Email
L!G








News
Current Issue
Subscribe
Contact
About
LicenseTV
Licensing Expo
BLE
NYC Summit










Search this site: 
















Apparel & AccessoriesApparel & Accessories
Health & Beauty

Art & Design
Corporate BrandsAutomotive
Branded Products
Food & Beverage
Non-Profit

EntertainmentCharacter
Live Events
Movies
Music
Online
Sports
Television

HomeElectronics
Fitness
Garden
Homewares

Industry NewsAgency Appointments
Analysis
Executive Moves
LIMA
Profiles
Trade Show News

PublishingBooks & Magazines
Greetings & Stationery

Retail TrendsConsumer Insight
Retailer News

Toys & GamesApps & Mobile
Games
Toys
Video Games

Global NewsAfrica
Asia
Australia
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
North America











 
























Henry StuppMost RecentMost ViewedMost Recent


LicenseTV: Tips for Going Global
Fri, 2016/08/05 

License! Global taps Henry Stupp of Cherokee Global Brands to discuss how brands should strive to be both global and local while also providing insights on how to achieve success with global partners.
 

 
  
 


NYC Licensing Summit Reveals Top Speakers 
Tue, 2015/11/17 

An impressive roster of the licensing industry’s foremost executives is confirmed for the first annual NYC Summit: The Business of Brand Licensing. 
 

 
  
 


LIMA, UCLA Plan Licensing Course
Tue, 2014/12/02 

LIMA and University of California Los Angeles Extension have teamed up to create a dedicated course for licensing industry professionals.
 

 
  
 


Top Execs to Lead Expo Panel 
Thu, 2013/04/18 

LIMA and Advanstar Licensing are bringing together four of licensing’s foremost experts for a keynote panel to kick-off Licensing Expo 2013. 
 

 
  
 
Most Viewed




LicenseTV: Tips for Going Global
Fri, 2016/08/05 

License! Global taps Henry Stupp of Cherokee Global Brands to discuss how brands should strive to be both global and local while also providing insights on how to achieve success with global partners.
 

 
  
 


 





 












 












Magazine Archive
Subscribe
Licensing Events HQ
LicenseTV
Research & Insights
Industry Calendar
Top 150 Global Licensors
Advertising / Media Kit
NYC Licensing Summit







 












 





 




Trade Show News






License Global Wants Your BLE News
Jul 26, 2017 
  
 




BLE Details 2017 Seminar Program
Jul 25, 2017 
  
 




Industry Honors Best in Chinese Licensing
Jul 20, 2017 
  
 




Licensing Expo China Kicks Off with Retail Tour
Jul 18, 2017 
  
 




Korea Character Licensing Fair Preps for 16th Year
Jun 28, 2017 
  
 


 





 





 



















News
Current Issue
Subscribe
Contact
About
LicenseTV
Licensing Expo
BLE
NYC Summit
WHAT IS LICENSING?
ATTEND
EXHIBIT
SHOW INFO
EDUCATION
MEDIA
CONTACT
LICENSE GLOBAL
OTHER EVENTS
Terms of Service
Privacy Statement
Legal Entities
©2017 UBM. All rights reserved. A UBM Company. 





 





 


























 


















 



































Cherokee Inc. Announces NASDAQ Video Interview With Its Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp | Benzinga

















Benzinga


Benzinga Pro


Marketfy


Financial Data & APIs


Fintech Awards


Premarket Prep







Membership is FreeWhat are you waiting for? Sign up now!
Username: 


Username available!Username taken!
Email: 


Email available!Email taken!
Password: 



Leave blank: 




OR




Free Account Login
Click here to access your premium account

Username or email: 



Password: 




OR

Forgot password?'

Looking for



?

CLICK HERE




  Contribute Login Sign up  

 
 
 


Benzinga - Feed Your Mind.












HomeBest of Benzinga
Careers
About
Contact Us
Partners
Benzinga Fintech Awards

NewsEarnings
Guidance
Dividends
M&A
Buybacks
Legal
Interviews
Management
Retail Sales
Offerings
IPOs
Insider Trades
Biotech/FDA

MarketsPre-Market
After Hours
Movers
Forex
Commodities
Options
Binary Options
Bonds
Futures
Global Economics
Previews
Reviews
Small-Cap

RatingsAnalyst Color
Downgrades
Upgrades
Initiations
Price Target

IdeasLong Ideas
Short Ideas
Technicals
From The Press
Jim Cramer
Rumors
ETFs

TechStart-Ups

Fintech
Personal Finance
Marketfy
Benzinga Pro

















Market Overview















TickersArticlesKeywordsSearch by keyword...googlecse


 



 
 






Cherokee Inc. Announces NASDAQ Video Interview With Its Chief Executive Officer, Henry Stupp





Benzinga Staff 
 

      {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}}
     



                    December 02, 2011 12:46pm                  
 
Comments







Share:
 





 

NEW YORK, Dec. 2, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cherokee Inc. (Nasdaq: CHKE), a leading innovator and global marketer of fashion and lifestyle brands it owns and represents in multiple consumer product categories and sectors around the world, announced that veteran business journalist Joya Dass joins Henry Stupp, CEO, Cherokee Inc., today to discuss the company's industry, strategy, financials and positioning.

	Click here to view video:

http://investor.shareholder.com/ceosignature/webcast.cfm?mediaid=50061&k=EBB9FDB69436BA681F7B967A62B6F69A

Henry Stupp, Chief Executive Officer

	Henry Stupp became Chief Executive Officer of Cherokee Inc. in August 2010. Prior to joining Cherokee, Mr. Stupp was a co-founder and President of Montreal-based NTD Apparel, a leading licensee of entertainment, character, sport and branded apparel, and a supplier to all major North American retailers. Having relocated to Southern California in 1995, Mr. Stupp successfully identified, negotiated, and introduced many well-known licenses and brands for NTD Apparel to a broad retail audience. Mr. Stupp also served a two-year term as an officer of the International Licensing Industry Merchandiser's Association. As CEO, Mr. Stupp brings critical insight to Cherokee's operations and business. His extensive experience in apparel and merchandise licensing, coupled with his in-depth knowledge of the Company, provides Cherokee's Board with important knowledge and skills as well as facilitates the Board's oversight of strategic and financial planning, along with other critical management functions.

About Cherokee Inc.

	Cherokee Inc. is a global marketer and manager of a portfolio of Fashion and Lifestyle brands it owns and represents in multiple consumer product categories and sectors around the world. The Company has license agreements with premier retailers and manufacturers covering over 30 countries around the world including Target Stores (U.S.), Tesco (U.K., Ireland and certain Central European countries), Zellers (Canada), RT-Mart (Peoples Republic of China), Pick 'n Pay (South Africa), Falabella (Chile, Peru and Colombia), Arvind Mills (India and certain Middle Eastern countries), Shufersal LTD. (Israel), Comercial Mexicana (Mexico), Eroski (Spain), Nishimatsuya (Japan), Magnit (Russia) and the TJX Companies (U.S., Canada and Europe).

Statements included within this news release may contain forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. When used, the words "anticipates", "believes", "expects", "may", "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements included in this press release (including, without limitation, express or implied statements regarding potential future business development and the anticipated credit facility) involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties, include, but are not limited to, the effect of global economic conditions, the financial condition of the apparel and retail industry, adverse changes in licensee or consumer acceptance of products bearing the Company's brands, the ability and/or commitment of the Company's licensees to design, manufacture and market Cherokee, Sideout and Carole Little branded products, the Company's dependence on a select group of licensees for most of the Company's revenues and the Company's dependence on its key management personnel. The risks included here are not exhaustive. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other matters can be found in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for Fiscal Year 2010, and in its periodic reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K (if any). Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. The Company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect future events and developments. 

	The NASDAQ CEO Signature Series logo is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=4839






View Comments and Join the Discussion!
 

View the discussion thread.









 










        Newsletter & Alerts
      










          Become a Wall-Street Wizard.
        




Market in 5 Minutes
Everything you need to know about the market - quick & easy.





Daily Analyst Rating
A summary of each day’s top rating changes from sell-side  analysts on the street.





FinTech Focus
Yesterday’s biggest gainers and losers. As well as 10 stocks to keep an eye on for Today






TERMS & CONDITIONS





Thank You
for registering for Benzinga’s newsletters and alerts.



            • The Daily Analysts Ratings email will be received daily between 7am and 10am.
          

            • The Market in 5 Minutes email will be received daily between 7am and 8am.
          

            • The Fintech Focus email will be received every Friday between 2pm and 5pm.
          


          If you have any questions as it relates to either of the three newsletters, please feel free to contact us at  1-877-440-ZING.
        









Trending
Recent








1
BBU, AXTI: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session


2
BMY, AZN: Why Is AstraZeneca Sinking Today?


3
WWE, LOGM: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session


4
GOOGL, NFLX: The JPMorgan Mid-Day Note That Might Have S...


5
TSLA: Tesla's Breakout Will Take Longer...


6
DPS, AFL: Earnings Scheduled For July 27, 2017


7
X, NUE: Trump Comments On Trade C...

 





1
DVAX: Dynavax Gets 12-1 FDA Vote For Hepatitis B Vaccine


2
ALGN: Inside Align Technology's Q2 Beat And Raise: Teen Segment Could See...


3
FSLR, AMZN: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From July 28


4
AAPL, TSLA: Earnings Watch: Apple, Tesla, Pfizer, Activision-Bli...


5
17 Things You May Not Know About Anthony Scaramucci


6
DRYS, NVAX: We Spoke With The Experts, And Learned The...


7
IMGN, DEST: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Cyb...

 






 



View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. 



 












          Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content.
        





Popular ChannelsAnalyst Ratings
Be Your Own Boss
ETFs
Economics
Forex
Hot
News
Options
Press Releases
Start-ups
Tech
Tools & FeaturesAffiliate Program
PreMarket Prep
Feeds
News Widget
Real Time Feed
Sitemap
Submit News Tips
About BenzingaAbout Us
Licensing and APIs
Apps (iOS and Android)
Fintech Awards
Blog
Syndication
In the News
Careers
Service Status
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


Benzinga Partners
 


 


1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING)
© Copyright Benzinga




























 



Stupp Corporation | Home


















Job Search
Media Library
Estimates










Stupp Corporation


Home
About
Experience
Products
Services
Contact











Proven Pipeline Integrity



Customer Focus



Innovative Solutions



Experience



Quality



Traceability




Next










Since our start in 1952, Stupp’s passion is producing the pipelines that form the backbone of our continent’s energy infrastructure. From our rail-served campus just minutes from the Port of Greater Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Stupp is ideally positioned to supply a comprehensive size range of custom steel line pipe and a robust portfolio of integrated services – all designed to make your next project a success.

















