
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Weili Su | Violin Society of America | ZoomInfo.com

威力全自动头滚筒洗衣机XQG85-1210DP 威力(WEILI)洗衣机XQG85-1210DP【价格 图片 品牌 报价】-苏宁易购威力冰洗官方旗舰店
















返回易购首页





网站导航








商家入驻























账号管理
退出登录



请登录
注册有礼




我的订单

待支付
待收货
待评价
修改订单





我的易购




请登录
141******13
点击打卡


我的二手
我的收藏
我的金融
苏宁会员
我的任性付
我的优惠券






购物车

0










加载中...




易付宝


客户服务




在线咨询



企业采购



手机苏宁





下载苏宁易购APP




扫一扫
下载苏宁金融APP



扫一扫
 关注苏宁易购服务号















































全部商品分类













大聚惠

红孩子

苏宁超市

|
电器城

生活家电

服装城

海外购

特卖

苏宁金融

苏宁会员





 
                                                       大家电 > 洗（干）衣机   > 洗衣机  洗干一体机 干衣机 滚筒 波轮 双缸 全自动洗衣机 迷你洗衣机 脱水机 冰洗频道    > 威力(WEILI)洗衣机  威力WEILI洗衣机 海尔Haier洗衣机 小天鹅Little 洗衣机 西门子SIEMENS洗衣机 美的Midea洗衣机 三洋SANYO洗衣机 松下Panasoni洗衣机 LG洗衣机 博世BOSCH洗衣机 TCL洗衣机 三星SAMSUNG洗衣机 惠而浦Whirlpo洗衣机 创维Skyworth洗衣机 樱花SAKURA洗衣机 韩电KEG洗衣机 奇帅Qishuai洗衣机 海信Hisense洗衣机 小鸭DUCKLING洗衣机 格兰仕Galanz洗衣机 大宇DAEWOO洗衣机    > 威力滚筒洗衣机XQG85-1210DP                                对比   分享        收藏    有奖调查   举报                          自营 威力全自动头滚筒洗衣机XQG85-1210DP       距离活动开始  02 天 07 时 04 分 39 秒     已抢            领券     100%刮中券，最高50元无敌券 立即去刮奖>     促销      满 减 联合满减 套 装 价 套购优惠 赠 品 优惠换购 返 券 返 券 任性付 S 码 云 钻 免运费  节能补贴    更多促销   收起       &yen      支持     买苏宁理财，免费送         以旧换新          送至        支持        V3会员自营订单满76元（含）免运费订单满76元（含）免运费订单满76元（含）免运费        由""直接销售和发货，并提供售后服务         重量     门店服务     门店现货 · 选择有现货的门店下单，可立即提货    到店试 · 可支持到店试穿服务        此款有货    购买方式        合约类型     请选择您要的商品信息      任 性 付                 任性付是苏宁推出的“先消费，后付款”的低息分期产品。支持闪电付款，最高20万，为消费者提供无抵押、免担保、0首付低利息、现金取现等服务            数量  每人限购20件  身份认证，享受大单采购      立即购买 加入购物车 到货通知        客户端购买 立减5元     请在下单后15分钟之内完成支付 查看现货门店 > 注：预约享受优先购买权   由于此商品库存有限，请在下单后15分钟之内支付完成，手慢无哦！   特色服务            赠退运险   赠送退货运费险         商品保管说明   商品保管说明         企业采购   针对企业客户采购的专业服务                      看了又看                 欢迎光临本店铺点我可查看更多商品哦~               商品预定流程：       付定金     >    商家备货   >    付尾款  结束：6月30日23:59   >    发货 预计7月1日发货        预约抢购流程说明：        等待预约   >    预约中     >    等待抢购   >    抢购中           商品对比 同类别      1 您可以继续添加商品   2 您可以继续添加商品   3 您可以继续添加商品   4 您可以继续添加商品   开始对比 清空对比栏    猜你喜欢                                  对比栏已满，一次最多可对比4件产品，建议您删除不需要的再添加哦   查看大图     /                ×      云钻刮券  100%刮中券，最高50元无敌券，券有效期7天     亲，今日还有0次刮奖机会  您的云钻暂时不足,攒足云钻再来刮 200云钻刮一次    200云钻刮一次   恭喜获得1张券！    今天的机会已经全部用完了，请明天再来       恭喜刮出两张券，请选择一张领取    立即领取      小苏正在为您抽奖...    刮券规则> 我的优惠券>      刮券规则  <   云钻刮券活动规则  活动时间  活动自2017年6月2日上线，敬请关注云钻刮券活动规则更新。    活动形式   会员打开苏宁易购wap端、PC端方可参与活动，苏宁易购APP端稍后开放，敬请期待。   活动方式为云钻刮券，每次刮券需要扣除200云钻。奖励分为无敌券和店铺云券两种，100%刮出无敌券，最低2元。店铺券由店铺提供，用户可以根据购物需求，在无敌券和店铺云券之间二选一。如因为网络、用户关闭等原因，造成页面关闭，导致用户没有或无法选择，系统将在5分钟内自动按照获得的无敌券面额发放到用户账户。   每人每天参与刮券次数上限为3次。活动每日限量，如用户参与时已达到活动最高上限，则不能再继续参与，次日可以继续参与。   如会员在刮券时选择了店铺云券，券发至账户后则无法再更改为平台的无敌券；如会员在刮券时选择了平台的无敌券，券发至账户后则无法再更改为店铺云券。   云钻刮券获得的不固定面值的券，会随机获得无敌券：2~2.2元、5元、10元、20元、50元的无敌券或不同面额的店铺云券。   券是否成功发放，可在“我的优惠券”中查询。     其他  如活动受政府机关指令需要停止举办的，或活动遭受严重网络攻击需暂停举办的，或者系统故障导致的其它意外问题，苏宁无需为此承担赔偿或者进行补偿。    券使用规则   不同面额的无敌券有不同的使用门槛，2~2.2元、5元、10元、20元、50元无敌券为无门槛使用，具体以实际发放券说明为准。配送方式如果选择自提，则商品金额需要满30元，无敌券方可使用。   用户刮券获得的店铺云券可与店铺内领取的店铺易券叠加使用。   店铺云券使用门槛等具体信息以商家在其店铺内的设置使用说明为准。   无敌券可用于单件商品的付款，也可用于购物车合并下单付款，同时支持在跨店铺订单中使用。店铺云券仅可使用在指定店铺中，注：部分店铺活动商品不支持用券，以订单实际提交为准。   云钻刮券获得的无敌券可以购买大聚惠、抢购、团购、手机专享价，但不可购买闪拍、预售、S码、名品特卖、海外购、秒杀、虚拟产品、法律规定限制产品如一段奶粉（包括但不仅限列出的商品）等、云钻加钱兑及云钻全额兑。   在购物时，点击购买后，页面会提示可使用易购券，只要点击选择易购券即可抵用扣除对应金额。云钻刮券获得无敌券或店铺云券使用时可用于抵扣商品金额，不能抵扣运费、运费险、增值服务等非商品金额。   云钻刮券获得的无敌券或店铺云券可与店铺页面领取的店铺易券叠加使用，付款时默认优先使用力度较大的店铺优惠券，如使用店铺易券后的订单金额仍然满足云钻刮券所获得店铺云券使用条件，可继续叠加使用店铺云券。（举例：店铺在页面设置满199减50元的店铺易券，同时用户在店铺刮券获得一张满20元减20元的店铺云券，如商品订单金额为200元，会员在用已使用领取的50元店铺易券情况下，仍然可以使用云钻刮券获得20元店铺云券）   云钻刮券获得的无敌券或店铺云券不得提现，不得转赠他人，不得为他人付，不得拆分使用。   一个订单最多使用6张易购券。   云钻刮券获得的有效期为：自获得之日起7天内有效（部分活动券可能存在不同有效期，具体详见“我的优惠券”内易购券有效期说明）。   在获取和使用券过程中，如果出现违规行为（如作弊领取、恶意套现、刷取信誉、虚假交易等），苏宁将取消用户的中奖资格，并有权撤销违规交易、收回易购券（含已使用的易购券及未使用的易购券）,必要时追究法律责任。   使用易购券的订单若交易未成功或发生退款及售后，在交易所使用的易购券有效期内订单取消完成的，易购券将退回用户账户，退回后的易购券有效期不变。如在使用的易购券有效期之外发生退款，所使用的券退回当天有效，过期不予退还。如发生售后退款，易购券退回当天有效，过期不予退还。               看了又看 店铺热销 推荐搭配   请选择商品规格       确 认 取 消   ×    1/1 1/1                 门店服务  ><    区域：    全部   更多    服务：   门店现货  到店试        >  地址：     很抱歉，该区域暂无门店支持V购服务，正努力开放中••• 很抱歉，该区域暂无门店有现货，正努力补货中•••            威力冰洗官方旗舰店           手机扫码购买          加入购物车   威力全自动头滚筒洗衣机XQG85-1210DP ¥  ×1           苏宁自营    商家：   威力冰洗官方旗舰店      联系：  联系客服  Sunny        商品    服务    物流      进入店铺      洗（干）衣机排行榜         为您推荐大家关注的  洗衣机松下 海尔 洗衣机 儿童洗衣机 半自动洗衣机双缸 三洋洗衣机滚筒 松下洗衣机 统帅洗衣机 三星洗衣机滚筒 卡萨帝洗衣机 奥克斯洗衣机        商品详情 包装及参数 评价（0） 咨询（0） 售后保障 质量信息 资质证明      核心参数      主体参数     品牌：威力(WEILI) 颜色：金色 排水方式：下排水           功能参数     标准程序耗电量：0.690度          规格参数     洗衣容量：8.5千克 国家能效等级：1级                  变频电机，8.5公斤超大容量，超大LED显示屏，温度可调，脱水可调，24小时预约功能，童锁功能，中途添加衣物，CIM电机，水晶蜂巢内桶，s型提升筋  16种贴心程序   特种防锈PCM板材安装打售后电话4006315006报修安装，预约师傅上门免费安装。报修电话4006315006，打电话免费咨询。报修电话4006315006，打电话免费咨询。      商品详情 安装说明 常见问题 售后服务       包裹清单 包裹清单10071950x1   主体参数   商品名称   威力滚筒洗衣机XQG85-1210DP    品牌   威力(WEILI)    型号   XQG85-1210DP    颜色   金色    产品类型   滚筒    系列   威力变频滚筒系列洗衣机    上市时间   20170501    自动化程度   全自动    控制方式   电脑式    开门方式   前开式    排水方式   下排水    显示屏   LCD液晶显示    内桶材料   不锈钢    箱体材料   渗锌钢板    适用家庭   四口及以上  特性参数   变频    ×    能够根据实际需要调整电机的工作频率，达到省电、静音的效果。    变频    预约   有    中途添加衣物   有    DD电机    ×    采用了DD电机技术的洗衣机，改变了传统洗衣机用皮带与皮带轮带动洗涤装置的传动方式，用电机直接带动洗涤装置，使电机效能达到普通洗衣机的2-3倍    有    特性功能   记忆功能,自动进水,脱水功能,模糊控制    水温调节范围   冷水~60℃  功能参数   童锁功能   有    加热功能   有    转速   1200转/分    标准程序耗电量   0.690度    自动断电   有    自动排水   是    洗衣程序   全自动    其他功能   智能模糊控制    智能类型   非智能    断电记忆   不支持  规格参数   产品重量   60千克    洗净比   1.03    电压/频率   220V/50Hz    洗衣容量   8.5千克    洗涤功率   380瓦    脱水容量   8.5千克    脱水功率   380瓦    洗涤噪音   62分贝    标准程序耗水量   58升    外形尺寸（宽×深×高   595*560*850毫米    包装尺寸（宽×深×高    ×    含外包装的实际尺寸（长*宽*高）    560*595*850毫米    国家能效等级    ×    目前国内销售的空调都有“中国能效标识”（CHINA ENERGY LABEL）字样的彩色标签，为蓝白背景的彩色标识，分为1、2、3共3个等级，等级1表示产品达到国际先进水平，最节电，即耗能最低；等级2表示比较节电；等级3表示产品的能源效率为我国市场的平均水平（旧能效等级分为1-5级分别代表不同的能效等级）    1级                  查看全部评论>  查看全部咨询>  售后保障   苏宁服务       7天无理由退货 商品不够称心如意？收货后7天内无理由退货，购物更安心 详情>      海外正品 海外原装进口，采购渠道担保100%正品      正品保障 苏宁易购保证100%正品行货,与商场购买享受相同的质量、服务保障      商品保管 收货不方便?苏宁易购为您免费提供最长45天的商品保管服务 详情>      送装一体 为您提供配送到家及预约上门安装的一体化服务 详情>      运费险 赠送退货运费险，卖家确认收到退货后，运费赔付将即时汇入易付宝账户 详情>         最近浏览       猜你喜欢             该商品在当前城市正在进行 抢购 促销    抢购价：¥ 38.00  查看抢购信息    易购价：¥ 38.00  以易购价购买   注：参加抢购将不再享受其他优惠活动     亲，很抱歉，您购买的宝贝销售异常火爆，让小苏措手不及，请稍后再试~   验证码  验证码错误 看不清楚？换一张 确定关闭        亲，大宗购物请点击企业用户渠道>小苏的服务会更贴心！     亲，很抱歉，您购买的宝贝销售异常火爆让小苏措手不及，请稍后再试~     x    您已成功将商品加入收藏夹 查看我的收藏夹     确定      非常抱歉，您前期未参加预订活动，无法支付尾款哦！ 关闭      抱歉，您暂无任性付资格    

    


威力（WEILI）TDR75-7558WL 7.5公斤不锈钢内筒 时尚银机身 多种干衣功能干衣机 银色 威力(WEILI)洗衣机TDR75-7558WL【价格 图片 品牌 报价】-苏宁易购威力冰洗官方旗舰店
















返回易购首页





网站导航








商家入驻























账号管理
退出登录



请登录
注册有礼




我的订单

待支付
待收货
待评价
修改订单





我的易购




请登录
141******13
点击打卡


我的二手
我的收藏
我的金融
苏宁会员
我的任性付
我的优惠券






购物车

0










加载中...




易付宝


客户服务




在线咨询



企业采购



手机苏宁





下载苏宁易购APP




扫一扫
下载苏宁金融APP



扫一扫
 关注苏宁易购服务号















































全部商品分类













大聚惠

红孩子

苏宁超市

|
电器城

生活家电

服装城

海外购

特卖

苏宁金融

苏宁会员





 
                                                       大家电 > 洗（干）衣机   > 洗衣机  洗干一体机 干衣机 滚筒 波轮 双缸 全自动洗衣机 迷你洗衣机 脱水机 冰洗频道    > 威力(WEILI)洗衣机  威力WEILI洗衣机 海尔Haier洗衣机 小天鹅Little 洗衣机 西门子SIEMENS洗衣机 美的Midea洗衣机 三洋SANYO洗衣机 松下Panasoni洗衣机 LG洗衣机 博世BOSCH洗衣机 TCL洗衣机 三星SAMSUNG洗衣机 惠而浦Whirlpo洗衣机 创维Skyworth洗衣机 樱花SAKURA洗衣机 韩电KEG洗衣机 奇帅Qishuai洗衣机 海信Hisense洗衣机 小鸭DUCKLING洗衣机 格兰仕Galanz洗衣机 大宇DAEWOO洗衣机    > 威力（WEILI）TDR75-7558WL 7.5公斤不锈钢内筒 时尚银机身 多种干衣功能烘干机 银色                                对比   分享        收藏    有奖调查   举报                          自营 威力（WEILI）TDR75-7558WL 7.5公斤不锈钢内筒 时尚银机身 多种干衣功能干衣机 银色       距离活动开始  02 天 07 时 04 分 39 秒     已抢            领券     100%刮中券，最高50元无敌券 立即去刮奖>     促销      满 减 联合满减 套 装 价 套购优惠 赠 品 优惠换购 返 券 返 券 任性付 S 码 云 钻 免运费  节能补贴    更多促销   收起       &yen      支持     买苏宁理财，免费送         以旧换新          送至        支持        V3会员自营订单满76元（含）免运费订单满76元（含）免运费订单满76元（含）免运费        由""直接销售和发货，并提供售后服务         重量     门店服务     门店现货 · 选择有现货的门店下单，可立即提货    到店试 · 可支持到店试穿服务        此款有货    购买方式        合约类型     请选择您要的商品信息      任 性 付                 任性付是苏宁推出的“先消费，后付款”的低息分期产品。支持闪电付款，最高20万，为消费者提供无抵押、免担保、0首付低利息、现金取现等服务            数量  每人限购20件  身份认证，享受大单采购      立即购买 加入购物车 到货通知        客户端购买 立减5元     请在下单后15分钟之内完成支付 查看现货门店 > 注：预约享受优先购买权   由于此商品库存有限，请在下单后15分钟之内支付完成，手慢无哦！   特色服务            赠退运险   赠送退货运费险         商品保管说明   商品保管说明         企业采购   针对企业客户采购的专业服务                      看了又看                 欢迎光临本店铺点我可查看更多商品哦~               商品预定流程：       付定金     >    商家备货   >    付尾款  结束：6月30日23:59   >    发货 预计7月1日发货        预约抢购流程说明：        等待预约   >    预约中     >    等待抢购   >    抢购中           商品对比 同类别      1 您可以继续添加商品   2 您可以继续添加商品   3 您可以继续添加商品   4 您可以继续添加商品   开始对比 清空对比栏    猜你喜欢                                  对比栏已满，一次最多可对比4件产品，建议您删除不需要的再添加哦   查看大图     /                ×      云钻刮券  100%刮中券，最高50元无敌券，券有效期7天     亲，今日还有0次刮奖机会  您的云钻暂时不足,攒足云钻再来刮 200云钻刮一次    200云钻刮一次   恭喜获得1张券！    今天的机会已经全部用完了，请明天再来       恭喜刮出两张券，请选择一张领取    立即领取      小苏正在为您抽奖...    刮券规则> 我的优惠券>      刮券规则  <   云钻刮券活动规则  活动时间  活动自2017年6月2日上线，敬请关注云钻刮券活动规则更新。    活动形式   会员打开苏宁易购wap端、PC端方可参与活动，苏宁易购APP端稍后开放，敬请期待。   活动方式为云钻刮券，每次刮券需要扣除200云钻。奖励分为无敌券和店铺云券两种，100%刮出无敌券，最低2元。店铺券由店铺提供，用户可以根据购物需求，在无敌券和店铺云券之间二选一。如因为网络、用户关闭等原因，造成页面关闭，导致用户没有或无法选择，系统将在5分钟内自动按照获得的无敌券面额发放到用户账户。   每人每天参与刮券次数上限为3次。活动每日限量，如用户参与时已达到活动最高上限，则不能再继续参与，次日可以继续参与。   如会员在刮券时选择了店铺云券，券发至账户后则无法再更改为平台的无敌券；如会员在刮券时选择了平台的无敌券，券发至账户后则无法再更改为店铺云券。   云钻刮券获得的不固定面值的券，会随机获得无敌券：2~2.2元、5元、10元、20元、50元的无敌券或不同面额的店铺云券。   券是否成功发放，可在“我的优惠券”中查询。     其他  如活动受政府机关指令需要停止举办的，或活动遭受严重网络攻击需暂停举办的，或者系统故障导致的其它意外问题，苏宁无需为此承担赔偿或者进行补偿。    券使用规则   不同面额的无敌券有不同的使用门槛，2~2.2元、5元、10元、20元、50元无敌券为无门槛使用，具体以实际发放券说明为准。配送方式如果选择自提，则商品金额需要满30元，无敌券方可使用。   用户刮券获得的店铺云券可与店铺内领取的店铺易券叠加使用。   店铺云券使用门槛等具体信息以商家在其店铺内的设置使用说明为准。   无敌券可用于单件商品的付款，也可用于购物车合并下单付款，同时支持在跨店铺订单中使用。店铺云券仅可使用在指定店铺中，注：部分店铺活动商品不支持用券，以订单实际提交为准。   云钻刮券获得的无敌券可以购买大聚惠、抢购、团购、手机专享价，但不可购买闪拍、预售、S码、名品特卖、海外购、秒杀、虚拟产品、法律规定限制产品如一段奶粉（包括但不仅限列出的商品）等、云钻加钱兑及云钻全额兑。   在购物时，点击购买后，页面会提示可使用易购券，只要点击选择易购券即可抵用扣除对应金额。云钻刮券获得无敌券或店铺云券使用时可用于抵扣商品金额，不能抵扣运费、运费险、增值服务等非商品金额。   云钻刮券获得的无敌券或店铺云券可与店铺页面领取的店铺易券叠加使用，付款时默认优先使用力度较大的店铺优惠券，如使用店铺易券后的订单金额仍然满足云钻刮券所获得店铺云券使用条件，可继续叠加使用店铺云券。（举例：店铺在页面设置满199减50元的店铺易券，同时用户在店铺刮券获得一张满20元减20元的店铺云券，如商品订单金额为200元，会员在用已使用领取的50元店铺易券情况下，仍然可以使用云钻刮券获得20元店铺云券）   云钻刮券获得的无敌券或店铺云券不得提现，不得转赠他人，不得为他人付，不得拆分使用。   一个订单最多使用6张易购券。   云钻刮券获得的有效期为：自获得之日起7天内有效（部分活动券可能存在不同有效期，具体详见“我的优惠券”内易购券有效期说明）。   在获取和使用券过程中，如果出现违规行为（如作弊领取、恶意套现、刷取信誉、虚假交易等），苏宁将取消用户的中奖资格，并有权撤销违规交易、收回易购券（含已使用的易购券及未使用的易购券）,必要时追究法律责任。   使用易购券的订单若交易未成功或发生退款及售后，在交易所使用的易购券有效期内订单取消完成的，易购券将退回用户账户，退回后的易购券有效期不变。如在使用的易购券有效期之外发生退款，所使用的券退回当天有效，过期不予退还。如发生售后退款，易购券退回当天有效，过期不予退还。               看了又看 店铺热销 推荐搭配   请选择商品规格       确 认 取 消   ×    1/1 1/1                 门店服务  ><    区域：    全部   更多    服务：   门店现货  到店试        >  地址：     很抱歉，该区域暂无门店支持V购服务，正努力开放中••• 很抱歉，该区域暂无门店有现货，正努力补货中•••            威力冰洗官方旗舰店           手机扫码购买          加入购物车   威力（WEILI）TDR75-7558WL 7.5公斤不锈钢内筒 时尚银机身 多种干衣功能干衣机 银色 ¥  ×1           苏宁自营    商家：   威力冰洗官方旗舰店      联系：  联系客服  Sunny        商品    服务    物流      进入店铺      洗（干）衣机排行榜         为您推荐大家关注的  洗衣机双缸 美的滚筒洗衣机 干衣机 樱花洗衣机 脱水机 甩干机 洗衣机波轮 洗衣机滚筒 tcl洗衣机 烘干机        商品详情 包装及参数 评价（0） 咨询（0） 售后保障 质量信息 资质证明      核心参数更多参数  商品名称：威力（WEILI）TDR75-7558WL 7.5公斤不锈钢内筒 时尚银机身 多种干衣功能烘干机 银色 品牌：威力(WEILI) 产品类型：干衣机 烘干容量：7.5千克            无无      商品详情 安装说明 常见问题       包裹清单 包裹清单干衣机x1   主体参数   商品名称   威力（WEILI）TDR75-7558WL 7.5公斤不锈钢内筒 时尚银机身 多种干衣功能烘干机 银色    品牌   威力(WEILI)    型号   TDR75-7558WL    颜色   银色    产品类型   干衣机    系列   滚筒干衣    自动化程度   全自动    控制方式   机械式    开门方式   前开式    显示屏   不支持    内桶材料   不锈钢    箱体材料   渗锌钢板    烘干方式   排气烘干    适用家庭   四口及以上  基本参数   上市时间   2017    变频    ×    能够根据实际需要调整电机的工作频率，达到省电、静音的效果。    非变频  功能参数   标准程序耗电量   0    智能类型   非智能  规格参数   产品重量   34千克    烘干容量   7.5千克    电压/频率   220V/50Hz    标准干衣时间   140分钟    外形尺寸（宽×深×高   690*710*999毫米    包装尺寸（宽×深×高    ×    含外包装的实际尺寸（长*宽*高）    690*710*999毫米                  查看全部评论>  查看全部咨询>  售后保障   苏宁服务       7天无理由退货 商品不够称心如意？收货后7天内无理由退货，购物更安心 详情>      海外正品 海外原装进口，采购渠道担保100%正品      正品保障 苏宁易购保证100%正品行货,与商场购买享受相同的质量、服务保障      商品保管 收货不方便?苏宁易购为您免费提供最长45天的商品保管服务 详情>      送装一体 为您提供配送到家及预约上门安装的一体化服务 详情>      运费险 赠送退货运费险，卖家确认收到退货后，运费赔付将即时汇入易付宝账户 详情>         最近浏览       猜你喜欢             该商品在当前城市正在进行 抢购 促销    抢购价：¥ 38.00  查看抢购信息    易购价：¥ 38.00  以易购价购买   注：参加抢购将不再享受其他优惠活动     亲，很抱歉，您购买的宝贝销售异常火爆，让小苏措手不及，请稍后再试~   验证码  验证码错误 看不清楚？换一张 确定关闭        亲，大宗购物请点击企业用户渠道>小苏的服务会更贴心！     亲，很抱歉，您购买的宝贝销售异常火爆让小苏措手不及，请稍后再试~     x    您已成功将商品加入收藏夹 查看我的收藏夹     确定      非常抱歉，您前期未参加预订活动，无法支付尾款哦！ 关闭      抱歉，您暂无任性付资格    

    


Weili Su: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:12 PM ET
Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

Company Overview of Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Weili   Su  Founder and Director, Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships49--
Background

		Mr. Weili Su Founded Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. and served as its Chief Executive Officer from December 22, 2014 to June 6, 2017. Mr. Su served as the Chief Executive Officer of Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd. until May 2011 and as its Executive Chairman from October 2009 to June 6, 2017. He has over 10 years of business experience in the photovoltaic field especially in the sector of solar power plants development since 2001. In 2009, He as the principal creator, established ... the Sky Solar Holdings Co., Ltd on the base of relevant subsidiaries of Sky Solar Group. In 2007, He established Sky Solar New Energy Institute in Changzhou, China, which is responsible for the Quality monitoring on global supply chain of Sky Solar. In 2005, He created Sky Solar Group, began to exploit business of investment, financing and development of solar power plants in European and American PV market. In 2001, He successfully propelled Tianwei Baobian Electric Co., Ltd taking strategic stake of Baoding Yingli New Energy Co., Ltd., and Mr. Su also acted as the third shareholder of Yingli, established the joint-venture, Tianwei Yingli, afterwards, He has been a Director of Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd since October 2009. He assumed director of board, secretary of board, deputy-General Manager as well as director of Beijing office. Mr. Su graduated from Hebei University in 1992 and obtained the LLM, EMBA respectively from China University of Political Science and Law (CUPL) and University of International Business and Economics (UIBE) successively.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Room 635Central, -- --Hong KongPhone: 852 3960 6548Fax: 852 3180 9399
Board Members Memberships
2009-PresentFounder and DirectorSky Solar Holdings, Ltd.
Education
MBA 2005University of International Business and EconomicsLLB 1992Hebei University
Other Affiliations
University of International Business and EconomicsHebei University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sky Solar Holdings, Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Weili  Su - Somerville, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Weili  Su in Somerville, MA


Weili  Su

                                                                                       Intelius found that Weili  Su  is  a female between 40 and 40 years old from Somerville, MA.  We have connected them to
                12 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Weili  Su is in her 40s

Weili Has Lived In

Somerville, MA
West Palm Beach, FL
New Town, MA

Weili's Relatives

Chen Chih
Wilson Su
Sheng Su
Mark Melenovsky







Weili  Su



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Senior Analyst at IDC Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Weili? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Weili, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Weili  Su
Get a Criminal Check on Weili  Su
Get a Public Record Report on Weili  Su
Get a People Search Report on Weili  Su


Weili  Su's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Weili  Su has lived as well as Weili  Su's phone numbers and email addresses.




Weili  Su Has Lived in 4 States
Massachusetts Address for Weili  Su


10 B**** S* 

Somerville, MA


Has Lived In

Somerville, MA
West Palm Beach, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Weili  Su

(203) ***-**** - Oxford, CT 
(203) ***-**** - Oxford, CT 
(508) ***-**** - Framingham, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Weili  Su

w*****u@***.com


Get Email Report




Weili  Su's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Weili  Su's academic history.  Find out which schools Weili  Su attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Weili  Su received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Weili  Su Has Attended 1 School
John I. Leonard High School 1990 – 1994                              


Weili  Su's Professional Information
Information regarding Weili  Su's professional history.  Find out previous places Weili  Su has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Weili  Su Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: IDC Company
               Title: Senior Analyst
Company: IDC Company
               Title: Research Manager
Weili  Su's Experience
Title: Senior Analyst
               Company: IDC Company
Job Details
               International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC's analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a subsidiary of IDG, the world's leading technology media, research, and events company.
Title: Research Manager
               Company: IDC Company
Job Details
               International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC's analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a subsidiary of IDG, the world's leading technology media, research, and events company. 
Additional Professional Information on Weili  Su

 See Weili  Su's LinkedIn Profile



Weili  Su's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Weili  Su


Weili  Su's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Weili  Su's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Weili Su
Username Matches

                  WeiliSu
                  SuWeili
                  Weili.Su
                  Su.Weili
                  Weili_Su
                  Su_Weili
                  Weili-Su
                  Su-Weili
                  WSu
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Su







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











    Weili Su | Orient Morning Post | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













        Jinan Weili Machine Co., Ltd.














weiku.comJoin Free  |
 My Weiku

 
 
















  
 Jinan Weili Machine Co., Ltd. Insulating Glass Machine   Insulating Glass Production Line Butyl Extruder Machine  Sealant Spreading Machine  Glass Cutting Machine    Store HomeProductsCredibilityCertificateAbout UsContact






Enterprise Certification Product Certification& Enterprise Certification
More Detail


Jinan Weili Machine Co., Ltd.

Credibility: 


Country:
                    China (Mainland)
                

Established Time:2007
                

Business License:Did not upload
Total Stuff:51 - 100 People

Business type:Manufacturer
Certification:



Contact:Contact Now




Refine Search






Products
 Glass Washing Machine glass cutting machine double glass machine glass cutting machine insulated glass machine CNC glass cutting machine glass machine glass processing machine glass cutting machine Double glazing glass production line Insulating glass production machine automatic glass processing machine vertical double glass machine glass machinery Automatic glass cutting line More


Contact us

Contact Person:Ms.su
Tel:0086-531-68828688
Fax:0086-531-85718379
Province/state:Shandong
Street:Jinan






 About us 1 2 3    Welcome To Our Site!Jinan Weili Machine Co., Ltd mainly specializes in producing insulated glass equipment and glass deep-processing equipment. We also provide PVC window machines and Aluminum window machines. We always supply our customers with high quality products, and our company has attained CE Certificate. Since our establishment, we have insisted on the concept of &quot;innovation with technology, sincere service, being honest and reliable&quot;. We produce a large quantity of first-class insulated g...Click for details>>



Product Showcase





View all products from this supplierFeatured Products









 Glass Washing Machine









 glass cutting machine









 double glass machine









 glass cutting machine









 insulated glass machine









 CNC glass cutting machine









 glass machine









 glass processing machine






                    Send a message direct to supplier(s)

To:
                        Ms.su

                            Jinan Weili Machine Co., Ltd.



*Message:


Enter your Message here
-Enter between 20 to 2000 characters. English only.Word count:0
                            character(s). 

                            Enter your inquiry details such as:
Self-introductionRequired specificationsInquire about price/MOQ


 










Recommended For Youhigh quality products












                                    fiberglass pipe winding machine, glass wool pipe winding machine, GRP pipe winding machine







                                    Glass House Humidification Cooling Pad







                                    Newest Fiber Glass Shutter Cone Ventilation Fan







                                    charcoal  machine







                                    Chain machine







                                    Embossing Machine







                                    buckle machine







                                    Embossing machine







                                    Machine for splitpin







                                    Slitting Machine







                                    cnc machining, machining







                                    CNC Laser Cutting Machine, cutting machine,laser cutting machine,laser machine







                                    automatic coil winding machine







                                    motor coil winding machine







                                    motor making machine











 “My Showroom”sevice is provided by weiku.com




Manufacturers - Sell - Last Products- Chemicals - Quality Products - Suppliers - Site Map

©2011 Weiku.com,License: 浙ICP备08004510号





 or select more products









