








Leading with wisdom: Shivan Subramaniam: as the
chairman and CEO of FM Global, Shivan Subramaniam oversees the strategic
and operational direction of one of the world's largest commercial
property insurers.



















Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 





                    Leading with wisdom: Shivan Subramaniam: as the
chairman and CEO of FM Global, Shivan Subramaniam oversees the strategic
and operational direction of one of the world's largest commercial
property insurers.                











Article Type:
Interview


Subject:

Property and casualty insurance industry      
     (Officials and employees)


Author:
Coffin, Bill


Pub Date:
09/01/2008


Publication:
Name: Risk Management Publisher: Risk Management Society Publishing, Inc. Audience: Trade Format: Magazine/Journal Subject: Business; Human resources and labor relations; Insurance Copyright: COPYRIGHT 2008 Risk Management Society Publishing, Inc. ISSN: 0035-5593


Issue:
Date: Sept, 2008 Source Volume: 55 Source Issue: 9


Topic:
Event Code: 540 Executive changes & profiles


Product:
SIC Code: 6331 Fire, marine, and casualty insurance


Organization:
Company Name: FM Global


Persons:
Named Person: Subramaniam, Shivan


Geographic:
Geographic Scope: United States











Accession Number:

            185427900        


Full Text:

            [ILLUSTRATION OMITTED]As a veteran executive with experience in a number of fields,
Shivan Subramaniam's views on the executive challenges in a world
increasingly focused on risk management have proven especially
insightful. Here he discusses what it means to lead an enterprise at a
time when the job seems more difficult than ever before.Executives are expected to deliver a road map to the future from
the top office, but at the same time, grassroots innovation from the
rank and file can be just as important. How can an enterprise cultivate
both in concert with each other?I've always believed that innovation cannot just come from the
people at the top of an organization. In well-managed companies,
innovation also is encouraged from the grass roots. Those ideas, in
turn, stoke the imagination of management, and, through a collaborative
process, can result in innovative ideas, approaches, products and
services. In the long run, the most innovative organizations seek ideas
from the company's leaders and every employee.It has been said that it is better to be loved than to be feared
and that good leaders should inspire more than they intimidate. Yet,
there are plenty of companies with heavy-handed bosses and cultures that
have been successful nevertheless, Is one approach really better than
the other?Management by intimidation might work well to achieve short-term
results or in small organizations that require a certain kind of focus.
Or, such an approach might work in an organization where a situation,
like a crisis, needs to be addressed, and a single voice of authority is
needed to focus on the issue at hand. But if you want to have a
successful organization with valuable products, services and dedicated
employees, the only long-term model that will work is leading by
inspiring.What is the difference between being a leader and being a boss? And
does that difference really matter when you're running a large
multinational firm where the CEO is unlikely to work alongside the
cubicle-dwellers? How can you really make leadership be felt down
through the ranks in a meaningful way?Because FM Global has long-term employees with an average tenure of
13 years, almost everyone in a leadership position in our organization
has at some point in their careers rolled up their sleeves and been on
the front line. Virtually all of FM Global's management has worked
from the proverbial "cubicle" at some point in time. So our
management understands firsthand what's involved day-to-day. As one
climbs into the ranks of management, the higher one climbs, the more
important it is to influence and inspire, rather than to be a boss.
Leaders really transition away from telling people what to do and toward
surrounding themselves with people they can talk with regarding what are
the best things to get things done, ways to achieve that and then get
them executed. In my experience, bosses tell people what to do. Leaders
help people find their own way to get things done.The high-profile boardroom dispute between Carl Icahn and the Yahoo
board of directors in the wake of the failed merger with Microsoft
shines a light on the pressures executive leaders must shoulder. What
are your thoughts on situations when a firm's leadership and the
rest of its stakeholders have different ideas about what is best for the
enterprise?This sort of thing makes me very glad that FM Global is a mutual
company, owned by our policyholders, and not publicly traded. We
don't have the kinds of issues a publicly held company might face
because we have a single focus and a sole purpose--to meet the needs of
our clients. In publicly traded companies, by contrast, it's the
board of directors who ultimately represent the interests of the
investors. Eventually, the directors' wishes prevail.



Recently, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer was speaking at a university
in Hungary when an outraged student threw eggs at him. As Ballmer dove
for cover, the somewhat embarrassing incident was caught on camera and
posted to YouTube. What does this age of Internet footage mean in terms
of reputation risk, especially for firms that have mixed standings in
the public eye?A companies should work very hard to ensure that the public's
perception of its soul is ethical. It's better for a company to be
in a position where people might disagree with its positions, but not
with how it got there. Microsoft is a very high profile organization and
there are many people outside the company with strong opinions about how
the company should be run. When a company and its management are always
in the limelight they are likely to attract criticism. Frankly, such
leaders of large, well-known companies may only truly be safe in their
homes. If they're not in their homes, then they must assume that
everybody is going to see and hear whatever they do. For those
executives, what that means is that you should ensure your public
persona and private persona are one in the same.The recent downfall of Eliot Spitzer and the more recent downfall
of Melvyn Weiss are two cases where major detractors of the financial
services industry were themselves unmasked as not being the moral
crusaders they pretended to be. Is big business as morally wayward as
these two figures would suggest? Does their own wrongdoing negate their
criticisms of corporate malfeasance?The majority of businesses operate ethically. They are
straightforward, they take care of clients' needs and they take
care of their employees. But it only takes one or two high-profile
situations to tarnish the corporate world. Those negative, high-profile
situations are a reminder that organizations need to work very hard to
be transparent, communicate frequently with their stakeholders, make
sure their stakeholders needs are taken care of and that their employees
have a great place to work.Sarbanes-Oxley was passed because the government decided that the
financial services industry could not be trusted to police itself. Many
consider the legislation to be a heavy-handed, knee-jerk reaction that
forced many honest companies to pay for the excesses of a few dishonest
ones. Might the same be said for most cases where the government steps
in to regulate from a position of enforcement rather than a position of
prevention?The most effective risk managers look at things from a preventive
point of view. If the existing U.S. democratic processes focused more on
prevention, perhaps the country might be in a better position at times.
In the case of Sarbanes-Oxley, government regulators stepped in when
substantial improprieties occurred in corporate America. The government
would rarely step in otherwise because of the free enterprise process.The good news is SOX has led to some great things for corporations,
such as elevating the role of risk managers and how companies look at
enterprise risk management. While companies initial response to SOX may
have started out as a paper-pushing exercise, more corporations are now
starting to assess their organizations at a deeper level to determine
whether they have the right controls and risk management mechanisms in
place. There is no question such an approach makes for better
enterprises.Time and time again we see corporations that initially practice
good risk management, but once the money starts coming in, things just
slide off the rails. For example, it seems that every time the insurance
industry makes money off of investments, its underwriting discipline
falls off. Likewise, every time the investment industry starts seeing
really big returns, we also start seeing subsequent ethical lapses, Is
this the natural way of things or can this really be addressed?I believe there are ways it can be addressed but collectively, as
an industry, we need to begin thinking and operating differently. Every
time the commercial insurance industry prospers it doesn't last for
long. For example, there were no major hurricanes that made landfall in
the United States during 2006 or 2007, even though history tells us
there is a 10% to 15% annual probability that at least a Category 1 or 2
windstorm will strike Florida. Following quiet years, insurers can
become complacent as their bottom lines grow. Subsequently, the
marketplace brings pressures to cut prices. By year-end 2008, the result
will be lower profitability for commercial insurers even without normal
levels of natural disasters. If the extreme cycles are to be broken,
insurers need to continually remember the past, learn from it, and be
disciplined. In the long run that will result in more stable terms and
conditions for insurance buyers.Insurance companies comprise an industry that the public loves to
hate. As an insurance executive, but more broadly, as an executive of a
notable global enterprise, what lessons can corporate chiefs learn from
the ongoing reputational woes of the insurance industry? What does the
insurance industry need to do to improve its standing in the public eye?
And why isn't it doing it already?The insurance industry sells stability. If something bad happens,
the industry should be there to take care of its policyholders. Any time
an insurer violates that agreement with their client, a negative
perception will result. So I would suggest that if an insurance company
is going to enter a new line of business or a new geographic region, it
makes sure it can offer a stable product or service for the long run.
For example, don't write coastal insurance if there is a feeling
that if there were several years of significant windstorm losses, you
would consider withdrawing the coverage.The industry also has to do a much better job of communicating its
product and explaining the coverage? What are the exclusions? What are
the limits? How quickly will a claim be paid? The onus is really on the
industry to communicate that effectively before bad things happen to the
policyholder. Because once a loss happens, if I'm a client, I
don't want to hear any "ifs, ands or buts" from my
insurer. I don't want to suddenly think I'm now going to get
something that's different from what I'm expecting. At the
heart of the issue is insurers should not surprise the client when the
client suffers a loss and expects its insurer to respond.While one company can do a lot to manage expectations, is there
some thing the industry can be doing as a whole? There is a collective
reputational deficit that seems to defeat even the most noble actions of
any company.Our industry's product is to take care of policyholders when
the worst occurs. It behooves us as an industry to remind ourselves that
when a client has a loss, we're starting off with a negative
situation and being asked by the policyholder to now perform. That is
the moment of truth. The industry needs to recognize this and manage
that process better. We, as an industry, can talk about these things
through our respective trade associations, but the actual policy
response rests on the shoulders of each individual insurance company.
The industry can't manage each company's policy response. But
an insurer's performance should be no different than what the
client expects. If every insurer meets those expectations, the
reputation of the insurance industry will improve.        


Gale Copyright:
Copyright 2008 Gale, Cengage Learning.  All rights
reserved.



 

Previous Article: Downfall: ten lessons learned from from collapse of
long-term capital management: ten years ago, a g...Next Article: Connecting the dots. 
 





Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 













LKSD Shivan S. Subramaniam Insider Trades for LSC Communications Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































LSC Communications Inc.

                  NYSE: LKSD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

LSC Communications Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:29 p.m.


LKSD

/quotes/zigman/77416087/composite


$
21.37




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 2,249
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/77416087/composite
Today's close

$
			21.59
		


$
				21.37
			
Change

-0.22
-1.02%





Day low
Day high
$21.06
$21.60










52 week low
52 week high

            $17.00
        

            $37.40
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Shivan S. Subramaniam



Mr. Shivan S. Subramaniam is on the Board of Directors at LSC Communications, Inc., Lifespan Corp., Citizens Bank NA (Rhode Island), Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania, Citizens Financial Group, Inc., Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council and Bryant University. Mr. Subramaniam was previously employed as Chairman by Factory Mutual Insurance Co. and Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Allendale Insurance. He received his undergraduate degree from Birla Institute of Technology & Science and a graduate degree from MIT Sloan School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/18/2017
6,206


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/22/2016
5,000


 
Acquisition at $21.02 per share.


105,100


10/01/2016
3,222


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Thomas J. Quinlan 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Andrew B. Coxhead 
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary & Treasury




Ms. Suzanne S. Bettman 
Chief Administrative Officer & General Counsel




Mr. Richard T. Lane 
Chief Strategy & Supply Chain Officer




Mr. Kent A. Hansen 
Chief Accounting Officer & Controller




Mr. Shivan S. Subramaniam 
Independent Director




Mr. Douglas W. Stotlar 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas F. O'Toole 
Independent Director




Mr. Francis J. Jules 
Independent Director




Ms. Margaret Anne Breya 
Independent Director




Ms. Margaret Shân Atkins 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard Keith  Palmer 
Independent Director




Ms. Judith H. Hamilton 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:08 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:44pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country when a cast member can’t go on
5:41pDonald Trump just ousted Reince Priebus. What to do if you think you’re about to get fired
5:38pHere’s what to do if, like Reince Priebus, you’re suddenly out of a job
5:27pReince Priebus departs as chief of staff as Trump gives job to John Kelly
5:25pThe perils (and pleasures) of blocking friends and colleagues on social media
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
4:42pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:34pLong-dated Treasury yields see weekly climb 
4:33pS&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record
4:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
4:32pHow to raise your kids to be frugal (but not too frugal)
4:31pCities to move to if you want to work in tech — NOT including San Francisco
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Shivan S. Subramaniam: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:08 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Citizens Financial Group, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Shivan S. Subramaniam  Director, Citizens Financial Group, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships68$194,875
Background

		Mr. Shivan S. Subramaniam served as the Chief Executive Officer of Factory Mutual Insurance Company (a/k/a FM Global Inc.) from 1999 to December 31, 2014 and President from 1999 to 2002. Mr. Subramaniam served as the Chief Executive Officer of Affiliated FM Insurance Company. His career spans nearly 40 years in the insurance industry. He served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Allendale Insurance, a predecessor company of Factory Mutual Insurance from 1992 ... to 1999 and served various positions from 1974 to 1999. He served as President of Allendale since 1992, where he held a number of senior-level positions in finance and management after joining it in 1974. Mr. Subramaniam has been Chairman of Factory Mutual Insurance Company (a/k/a FM Global Inc.) since 2002. He serves as the Chairman of Affiliated FM Insurance Company. He has been an Independent Director of LSC Communications, Inc since 2016. and Citizens Bank, N.A. He has been a Director at Citizens Financial Group, Inc. and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania Inc. since January 2005 and Lifespan Corporation since December 2006. He has been on the Board of Directors of Citizens Financial Group subsidiary, CBPA since January 2005. He served as a Director of Rhode Island Commerce Corporation (formerly Rhode Island Economic Development Corporation). He is a Director of the Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council (RIPEC). He is a Trustee of Bryant University. Mr. Subramaniam received his Bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Birla Institute of Technology, Pilani, India and has since earned two Master's degrees one in Operations Research from Polytechnic University, Brooklyn, N.Y., USA and another in Management from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Mass., USA.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Citizens PlazaProvidence, Rhode Island 02903United StatesPhone: 401-456-7000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorCitizens Bank, National AssociationDirectorLifespan CorporationChairmanFactory Mutual Insurance CompanyChairman of The BoardAffiliated FM Insurance CompanyDirectorCitizens Bank of Pennsylvania Inc.2005-PresentDirectorCitizens Financial Group, Inc.2016-PresentIndependent DirectorLSC Communications, Inc.
Education
Master's Degree Polytechnic Institute of New York UniversityBachelor's Degree Birla Institute of Technology & Science, PilaniMaster's Degree MIT Sloan School of Management
Other Affiliations
Citizens Bank, National AssociationPolytechnic Institute of New York UniversityLifespan CorporationBirla Institute of Technology & Science, PilaniMIT Sloan School of ManagementFactory Mutual Insurance CompanyRhode Island Commerce CorporationAffiliated FM Insurance CompanyCitizens Bank of Pennsylvania Inc.LSC Communications, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$96,500Total Calculated Compensation$194,875




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGreg D. Carmichael CEO, President & DirectorFifth Third Bancorp$994.3KO. B. Grayson Hall Jr.Chairman, President & CEORegions Financial Corporation$1.0MFrederick H. Waddell Chairman & CEONorthern Trust Corporation$1.0MBeth E. Mooney Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentKeyCorp$1.0MJaime  Guardiola Romojaro Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorBanco de Sabadell, S.A.$92.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citizens Financial Group, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Shivan Subramaniam, Factory Mutual Insurance Co: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Shivan Subramaniam

Chairman,
Factory Mutual Insurance Co






Career History




Chairman
Factory Mutual Insurance Co, PRESENT


Chairman/CEO
Factory Mutual Insurance Co, 2002-12/2014


President/CEO
Factory Mutual Insurance Co, 1999-2002


Chairman/President/CEO
Allendale Insurance Companies, UNKNOWN-1999


President
Allendale Insurance Companies, 1992-UNKNOWN


Various Positions
Allendale Insurance Companies, 1974-UNKNOWN


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Polytechnic University
Master's Degree, Operations Research, 1970-1972


Birla Institute of Technology & Science
Bachelor's Degree, 1965-1970


Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Master's Degree, Management


Show More





Honorary Degrees



Bryant University
HONORARY DOCTOR, BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION


Rhode Island College
HONORARY DOCTOR, BUSINESS








Memberships



Board Memberships




Lsc Communications Inc


Board Member, 10/2016-PRESENT




Citizens Financial Group Inc


Board Member, 4/2014-PRESENT




Citizens Bank NA


Board Member, 1/2005-PRESENT




Citizens Bank


Board Member, 1/2005-PRESENT




Factory Mutual Insurance Co


Chairman, 2002-PRESENT




RBS Citizens Financial Group Inc


Board Member, 3/2012-4/2014




Citizens Financial Group Inc


Board Member, 1/2005-3/2012




Allendale Insurance Companies


Chairman, FORMER




Lifespan Corp


Board Member, 12/2006-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Bryant University


Trustee




Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council


Board Member









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Subramaniam Family Charitablefoundation (Shivan S Subramaniam Ttee) | Cause IQToggle navigationSign InProduct OverviewSegment marketsGenerate leadsDeliver insightsPricingAboutSign In×Change key performance indicatorsPlease select which fields you want to display as key performance indicators.Non-cash contributionsLobbying feesInvestment income and dividendsPledges and grants receivableNum. employeesDepreciation, amortization, etc.Program servicesTotal marginWebsite views per visitorRoyalty revenueNet income from sales of inventoryTotal expensesInvestments in corporate stockAdvertising and promotionUnrelated business income, netDays cash on handGrants payableNum. employees earning $100k+Inventories for useNet income from fundraising eventsFederated campaignsInvestments, other securitiesLoans payable to officers and disqualified personsGross income from gaming activitiesWorking capitalPrepaid expenses and deferred chargesUnsecured notes and loans payable to unrelated third partiesNotes and loans receivableManagement feesTotal group revenuesSavings, short-term investments, etc.Investments in government obligationsFundraising event contributionsCompensation of current officers, etc.TravelNum. volunteersOccupancyOther types of investmentsTax-exempt bond liabilitiesPension/retirement accruals and contributionsNum. organizations supportedIntangible assetsAll salaries, compensation, and employee benefitsNet income from gaming activities and fundraising events, combinedCost of inventory soldTotal program-related expensesNet assets, or fund balancesNum. $100k+ contractorsCurrent liabilitiesInformation tech.Total group assetsTotal fundraising expensesCombined group employee countRoyalty expensesAcid test liquidity ratioInvestments in corporate bondsNet rental incomeGrants to individuals in USATotal assetsAccounting feesFundraising event and gaming activity costs, combinedMiscellaneous revenuesOffice expensesNet income from gaming activitiesAll member fees, dues, etc.Combined group expensesUnrestricted net assetsGrants to govts. and orgs. in USACombined group assetsCombined group revenuesTotal group expensesTotal endowmentNumber of group employeesTax-exempt bond proceedsOccupancy and office expenses, combinedGaming activity costsPro. fundraising feesNum. voting board membersPublic official travel and entertainmentEscrow or custodial account liabilityAll group investable assetsAlexa website rankInsuranceAll cash, savings, and investmentsInvestments, program-relatedRelated organizationsNormal grants, contributions, etc.Accounts receivableGross income from fundraising events (non-contributions)Conferences, meetings, etc.Operating budgetMinimum return from endowmentGross sales of inventoryCompensation not included above, to disqualified personsAll other expensesBuildings, equipment, etc. post-depreciationTotal grants, contributions, etc.Government grants (contributions)Secured mortgages and notes payable to unrelated third partiesBenefits paid to or for membersCombined group operating budgetPayroll taxesInterestAll income from fundraising eventsTemporarily restricted net assetsAll professional fees and independent contractorsCurrent assetsPermanently restricted net assetsUnrelated business income, totalInvestments in mortgage loansFundraising event costsOther fee-for-serviceWebsite incoming linksOther liabilitiesOther assetsInvestment mgmt feesGrants to all govts., orgs., and individualsNet gain from sale of non-inventory assetsMembership duesCombined group cash, savings, and investmentsTotal revenuesTotal liabilitiesInvestments, publicly traded securitiesGrants to govts., orgs., and individuals outside USALoans receivable from other disqualified personsPayments to affiliatesGroup operating budgetInvestments in land, buildings, and equipmentTotal group liabilitiesLegal feesDeferred revenueNum. independent voting board membersAccounts payable and accrued expensesOther employee benefitsCombined group liabilitiesLoans receivable from officers, directors, etc.Non-officer salaries and wagesCash (non-interest-bearing)Cancel Change fieldsHomeOrganizationsSubramaniam Family Charitablefoundation (Shivan S Subrama...Subramaniam Family Charitablefoundation (Shivan S Subramaniam Ttee)I...G...T...P...S...G...EIN:
                            20-7054863
                        Location:
                            Providence, RI
                        Type:
                            501(c)(3)
                        Revenue:
                            $161,478
                        Assets:
                            $446,005
                        Founded:
                            2006
                        You've reached your monthly usage for this period.Also known as: Shivan S Subramaniam Ttee; Subramaniam Family Charitable Foundation; Subramaniam Family Char FoundationOverviewFinancialsPersonnelAlready have an account? Log in.Get the full profileYou've reached your monthly limit of three organization profiles a month for anonymous accounts. Want more access? Just create an account by authenticating with LinkedIn. Interested in an unlocked trial account? Just shoot us an email and we'll evaluate your use cases and provide insights on how to get the most out of Cause IQ.Tools and options Download one-pager (PDF)Add to listSimilar organizationsDresner Family Charitablefoundation (Jane Spindel - Ttee)Wrocklage Family CharitablefoundationGoodall Family CharitablefoundationElwood and Louise Hunt Charitablefoundation IncAbel and Sophia Sheng CharitablefoundationLuanne and Dan Chefetz Charitablefoundation2 Depot Square Ipswich CharitablefoundationLandenberger Family FoundationBent Family FoundationAtlee Family Foundation Inc more lessRelated searchesOrganizations around Providence-Warwick, RI-MAPrivate grantmaking foundations organizationsPhilanthropy, voluntarism and grantmaking foundations organizations© 2017 Nonprofit Metrics LLCTerms of Service and Privacy Policy1133 15th Street NWWashington, DC 20005















Biography - Shivan S.  Subramaniam|The Conference Board

























  
  



    
 CART




















  















SIGN IN

JOIN




  I Want To



askTCB a business question
Earn Continuing Education Credits
Register
Academies & Labs
Conferences/Events
Key Business Issues Briefings
Leadership Experiences
Round Tables
Watch
Insight Minute
Webcasts 


Read
Blogs
Research & Publications
TCBReview On Demand
Join
The Conference Board
China Center
Committee for Economic Development (CED)
Councils
Demand Institute
Governance Center
The Engagement Institute 




Centers




CED | Public Policy


China


Communications & Marketing


Consumer Dynamics


Corporate Citizenship & Philanthropy 


Corporate Governance


Digital Transformation


Diversity & Inclusion


Employee Engagement


Global Economy




Human Capital Analytics


Innovation & Productivity


Labor Markets


Strategic HR


Sustainability


Talent Management

Additional Topics
Corporate Finance
Quality Management
Procurement & Supply Management




Competencies



Learn More
Business Savvy
Creativity and Innovation
Customer Service
Developing Others
Human Capital Management
Leading Through Uncertainty
Leveraging Diversity
Strategic Thinking
Team Building
Vision




 Services 



askTCB a business question
Conferences/Events
Continuing Education Credits
Webcasts & Videos
Research
                                    Publications
Leadership Development
Leadership Experiences 


Peer Learning
Academies & Labs
China Center
Councils
Demand Institute
The Engagement Institute 
Governance Center
Human Capital Exchange
Round Tables
Society for New Communications Research (SNCR)
The Directors' Collective
The Workforce Analytics Institute
Data & Analysis




 Key Business Issues 



2017
CEOs top challenges for 2017
Connected spender
DNA of engagement 2017
Demographic trends & consumption
Future of innovation
Circular economy
Social and the C-Suite
Job of corporate director
Supply chain sustainability
Leading digital transformation
Leveraging mature workers
China global impact program
CEO and executive compensation
The evolving worker
Window on America
HR transformation
Giving in numbers
Global economic outlook 2018
Attend a briefing


2016
CEOs top challenges for 2016
Inclusion and innovation 
Short-termism
DNA of engagement 2016
Labor shortages
Digital transformation in economies
Sustainability leadership
Digital transformation in human capital
Executive coaching
Communications marketing
C-Suite succession
Global economic outlook 2017
Brexit business implications
2015 Key Business Issues
2014 Key Business Issues




 Regions



Asia
China
Europe
Middle East
United States




 Who We Are 



ABOUT US
Centennial
OUR COMMUNITY
Trustees
Voting Members
Global Counsellors
Our Experts
MEMBERSHIP INQUIRIES
NEWS
Press Inquiries
EMPLOYMENT
LOCATIONS
TESTIMONIALS




 Membership 



The Conference Board 
Mid-Markets
Educational Institutions
Committee for Economic Development (CED)
China Center
Demand Institute 
The Engagement Institute 
Governance Center
The Workforce Analytics Institute






SIGN IN








Loading...




Biography
Shivan S.  Subramaniam
Shivan Subramaniam is chairman and CEO of FM Global, a leading insurer of many of the world’s largest businesses. In addition to his role at FM Global, Subramaniam is a director of Citizens Financial Group, one of the Governor’s appointees on the Rhode Island Economic Policy Council, a director and former president of the Rhode Island Public
Expenditure Council, and a member of the dean’s advisory council at Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Sloan School of Management.
Publications by Shivan S.  Subramaniam
 Executive Action Report
                        

Keep It Simple: Getting Your Arms Around Enterprise Risk Management
20 October, 2005
































   Shivan S. Subramaniam | Wiki & Bio | Everipedia, the encyclopedia of everything   Create Page












Shivan S. Subramaniam







 
 
 











Copy URL


Embed / Widget















Suggested Hashtags

Shivan S. Subramaniam wiki
Shivan S. Subramaniam bio
Shivan S. Subramaniam net worth
Shivan S. Subramaniam age
Shivan S. Subramaniam married




                                    QR Code
                                






313





















Shivan S. Subramaniam








Occupation


            Chairman and CEO FM Global.
    


Gender

Male











                    Shivan S. Subramaniam is chairman and chief executive of!cer for FM Global,
headquartered in Johnston, R.I., one of the world’s largest commercial property
insurance companies. FM Global, a mutual insurance company with a unique risk
management focus, is recognized as the most experienced specialty property
risk management organization in the world, providing its clients with insurance
capacity, risk assessment and loss prevention engineering expertise and research.
The company insures US$8 trillion in business property worldwide for more than
one-third of Global 1000 companies in more than 130 countries. With more than
1,500 engineers on staff and the industry’s largest research operation, FM Global
helps clients better understand their risks and develop property loss prevention
solutions that protect their bottom line.
Since 1999, he has helped the company grow from US$1 billion to US$4.6 billion
in annual revenue. FM Global has been pro!led on every major U.S. television and cable news network, featured
on the History Channel and pro!led in prominent publications ranging from The Wall Street Journal and the
Economist to FORTUNE magazine U.S. News and World Report and, most recently, The New York Times.
FM Global has been named “Best Property Insurer in the World’ by Euromoney magazine, ‘Best Global Property
Insurer’ by Global Finance magazine, twice named ‘European Business Insurer of the Year’ by Strategic Risk
magazine, and received the ‘Queen’s Award for Enterprise’ from the Queen of England.
Mr. Subramaniam has served in his current position since the 1999 merger that formed FM Global. Prior to that,
he was chairman, president and chief executive of!cer of FM Global’s predecessor Allendale Insurance. Before
that, he held several managerial positions within Allendale, including executive vice president, senior vice president
and chief !nancial of!cer. He joined Allendale in 1974. He began his career in 1971 as an industrial engineer with
Midland Container Corporation.
Mr. Subramaniam received a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from the Birla Institute of
Technology in Pilani, India, in 1970. In 1972, he received a Master of Science degree in Operations Research from
Polytechnic InstituUe of NYU and in 1978, he received a Master of Science degree in Management from the Sloan
School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, Mass. He also holds an
Honorary Doctor of Business Administration from Bryant University, Smith!eld, R.I.
In addition to his role at FM Global, Mr. Subramaniam holds seats on the board of directors for Citizen’s Financial
Group, Lifespan Corporation, the Rhode Island Public Expenditure Council and was its former president. He is also
a member of the board of trustees of Bryant University, Smith!eld, R.I. [+]







                            
                                Reference Links For This Biography
                            
                            





All information in the above wiki comes from the below links
All information in the above wiki comes from the below links
















11









http://speakerpedia.com/speakers/shivan-s-subramaniam
Speakerpedia


2/7/2016 2:04AM • 

 • 


  (0)














Article Discussion
                                 (0)






This is a discussion about the above wiki. Concerns about the topic, its accuracy, inclusion of information etc. should be discussed here. Off-topic discussion not pertaining to the topic of the wiki will be removed.























See Also
                            











Burrow (Furniture)









 
Show/Hide Left Slide Menu
Show/Hide Right Slide Menu
Show/Hide Top Slide Menu
Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu







AboutFAQContactReport BugTermsForumDonate
			
			 2017 Everipedia, Inc.Select language
            English (en)
        





Shivan Subramaniam (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Shivan Subramaniam, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Shivan Subramaniam

Shivan Subramaniam imports from Seetha Lakshmi in Sri Lanka through the port of New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Shivan Subramaniam and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 PANASONIC CONSUMER ELECTRONICS COMP
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Shivan Subramaniam
Shivan Subramaniam imports from Seetha Lakshmi in Sri Lanka through the port of New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



SEETHA LAKSHMI
NO.106,ROYAPETTAH HIGH ROAD, MYLAPORE CHENNAI, TN IN


SHIVAN SUBRAMANIAM
155 GROTTO AVE PROVIDENCE PROVIDENCE, RI 02906 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



SHIVAN SUBRAMANIAM
155 GROTTO AVE PROVIDENCE PROVIDENCE, RI 02906 US



SHIVANSUBRAMAN IAMUSA.
SHIVANSUBRAMAN IAMUSA.





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number










Product Description




GIFT ITEM PLAIN NEW WOODEN FURNITURE NETS OF TABLE,ROUND TABLE. 
GIFT ITEM PLAIN NEW WOODEN FURNITURE NETS OF TABLE,ROUND TABLE. 









Bill of LadingCIOTMAABOS9897Arrival Date2006-05-30Weight (LB)1,217Weight (KG)553UnitsCMQuantity553 KGVoyage No.N/APort of LoadingCOLOMBOPort of DischargeNEW YORKVessel NameHAPAG LLOYDCarrier CodeCIOTCountry Of OriginSri Lanka 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Shivan Subramaniam. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Shivan Subramaniam has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Shivan Subramaniam







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Shivan Subramaniam
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Soulart Inc.                                



                                    Bader Branch                                



                                    China Nucap Inc                                



                                    Grc A Sercel Brand                                



                                    Electronic Component Services                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3382
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















