










 




Suffolk Capital Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:12 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Suffolk Capital Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Suffolk Capital Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, state or municipal government entities, insurance companies, and corporations. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets of United States. It invests in value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. The firm employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the Russell 1000 equal weighted Index. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Suffolk Ca...
Suffolk Capital Management, LLC is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, state or municipal government entities, insurance companies, and corporations. It manages separate client focused equity portfolios for its clients. The firm invests in public equity markets of United States. It invests in value stocks of small-cap and large-cap companies. The firm employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the Russell 1000 equal weighted Index. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Suffolk Capital Management, LLC was founded in March 1991 and is based in the New York City. Suffolk Capital Management, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Ohio National Financial Services, Inc.
Detailed Description


810 Seventh AvenueSuite 400New York, NY 10019United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 212-247-2160

Fax: 212-247-2565

www.suffolkcapitalmanagement.com







Key Executives for Suffolk Capital Management, LLC




Mr. Donald Martin Gilbert


      	President, CEO, Chief Investment Officer, Principal, Head of Equity Investments, & Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Erich G. Weissenberger Jr.


      	Principal
      








Mr. Richard George Phillips


      	Principal
      








Mr. Andrew Wong


      	Director of Research and Technology Analyst
      








Mr. Christopher Liong


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Suffolk Capital Management, LLC, please visit www.suffolkcapitalmanagement.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


﻿






























Danaher Corporation (DHR) Position Decreased by Suffolk Capital Management LLC - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Danaher Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Danaher Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) Downgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub
Danaher Corporation (DHR) Position Decreased by Suffolk Capital Management LLC
Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Position Maintained by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan
Karp Capital Management Corp Acquires Shares of 29,791 Tetra Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:TTI)
Swiss National Bank Has $797,000 Position in Resources Connection, Inc. (NASDAQ:RECN)
United Internet AG (ETR:UTDI) Given a €70.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts
KWS Saat SE (ETR:KWS) PT Set at €330.00 by Kepler Capital Markets
Minerals Technologies Inc. (NYSE:MTX) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.
Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Increases XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO) Price Target to $72.00
Reviewing TriNet Group (TNET) & Paychex (NASDAQ:PAYX)
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Manitex International, Inc. (MNTX) to Announce -$0.01 EPS
Delaney Dennis R Has $1.16 Million Stake in Rockwell Automation, Inc. (ROK)
Brokerages Expect Star Bulk Carriers Corp. (SBLK) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $80.72 Million
Achmea Investment Management B.V. Purchases New Position in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
366,457 Shares in Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) Acquired by Airain ltd
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Raises Position in Mercantile Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:MBWM)
Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages
Brokerages Set Capital Bank Financial Corp. (CBF) Target Price at $43.33
NBT Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:NBTB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday
D/B/A Chubb Limited New (NYSE:CB) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday



 


Danaher Corporation (DHR) Position Decreased by Suffolk Capital Management LLC

					Posted by George Bondi on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 



Suffolk Capital Management LLC reduced its position in shares of  Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) by 2.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 57,430 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after selling 1,711 shares during the period. Suffolk Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Danaher Corporation were worth $4,912,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in DHR. Peddock Capital Advisors LLC raised its position in  Danaher Corporation by 17.4% in the first quarter. Peddock Capital Advisors LLC now owns 1,224 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 181 shares in the last quarter.  ClariVest Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in  Danaher Corporation during the first quarter worth approximately $157,000.  Motco raised its position in  Danaher Corporation by 26.7% in the first quarter. Motco now owns 1,848 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $158,000 after buying an additional 390 shares in the last quarter.  Baystate Wealth Management LLC raised its position in  Danaher Corporation by 3.3% in the first quarter. Baystate Wealth Management LLC now owns 1,900 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Integrated Investment Consultants LLC raised its position in  Danaher Corporation by 22.1% in the first quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 2,168 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $185,000 after buying an additional 393 shares in the last quarter. 76.30% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Danaher Corporation alerts:



Shares of Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) opened at 83.05 on Friday. Danaher Corporation has a 1-year low of $75.71 and a 1-year high of $88.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $84.75 and its 200-day moving average is $84.18. The firm has a market cap of $57.65 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.31 and a beta of 1.05. 




Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The conglomerate reported $0.99 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.97 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $4.51 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.50 billion. Danaher Corporation had a return on equity of 11.29% and a net margin of 12.63%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.90 EPS.  On average, analysts anticipate that  Danaher Corporation will post $3.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th will be given a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.67%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. Danaher Corporation’s payout ratio is 17.83%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was  posted by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/23/danaher-corporation-dhr-position-decreased-by-suffolk-capital-management-llc.html. 
DHR has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $93.00 price target on shares of Danaher Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, May 24th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Danaher Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. BTIG Research  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $92.00 price target on shares of Danaher Corporation in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $97.00 price target on shares of Danaher Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Finally, Citigroup Inc.  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $96.00 price target (down previously from $98.00) on shares of Danaher Corporation in a research report on Friday. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating, thirteen have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $91.98.
In other Danaher Corporation news, EVP William K. Daniel sold 17,444 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.07, for a total transaction of $1,449,073.08. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 132,995 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,047,894.65. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP Angela S. Lalor sold 10,815 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total value of $910,190.40. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 39,020 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,283,923.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 12.20% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
Danaher Corporation Company Profile
Danaher Corporation (Danaher) designs, manufactures and markets professional, medical, industrial and commercial products and services. The Company operates through four segments: Life Sciences, which offers a range of research tools that scientists use to study the basic building blocks of life, including genes, proteins, metabolites and cells, in order to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies and test new drugs and vaccines; Diagnostics; which offers analytical instruments, reagents, consumables, software and services; Dental, which provides products that are used to diagnose, treat and prevent disease and ailments of the teeth, gums and supporting bone, and Environmental & Applied Solutions, which consists of various lines of business, including water quality and product identification.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DHR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Danaher Corporation (NYSE:DHR).







Receive News & Ratings for Danaher Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danaher Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company  Downgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub





Danaher Corporation  Position Decreased by Suffolk Capital Management LLC





Raytheon Company  Position Maintained by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan





Karp Capital Management Corp Acquires Shares of 29,791 Tetra Technologies, Inc. 





Swiss National Bank Has $797,000 Position in Resources Connection, Inc. 





Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Increases XPO Logistics, Inc.  Price Target to $72.00






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 





































﻿






























Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Cavium Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Cavium Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

iShares MSCI EAFE Index Fund (NYSE:EFA) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (NYSE:HTZ) Short Interest Update
Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF (NYSE:GDX) Sees Large Decrease in Short Interest
Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Cohen & Steers Inc (NYSE:CNS) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
Short Interest in Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (NYSE:CM) Decreases By 44.0%
Canadian Natural Resources Limited (NYSE:CNQ) Raised to Hold at ValuEngine
BBVA Banco Frances S.A. (NYSE:BFR) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley
CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) Given “Buy” Rating at Clarkson Capital
XOMA Corporation (NASDAQ:XOMA) Upgraded to “Sell” at ValuEngine
Delta Asset Management LLC TN Holds Position in Reynolds American Inc (RAI)
Financial Architects Inc Cuts Stake in Reynolds American Inc (RAI)
Reynolds American Inc (NYSE:RAI) Position Maintained by Private Bank & Trust Co.
Boeing Company (The) (BA) Shares Bought by Spirit of America Management Corp NY
Brokers Issue Forecasts for Schlumberger N.V.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SLB)
Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG’s (ETR:O2D) Sell Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG
MKM Partners Reiterates Neutral Rating for The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV)
Madrigal Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MDGL) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.22
Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan







Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments




Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ:CAVM) was upgraded by analysts at BidaskClub from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Wednesday, July 12th.
CAVM has been the topic of a number of other reports. Needham & Company LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $78.00 target price (up from $77.00) on shares of Cavium in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. MKM Partners  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $81.00 target price (up from $77.00) on shares of Cavium in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $73.00 target price (up from $69.00) on shares of Cavium in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Pacific Crest  reissued an “equal weight” rating on shares of Cavium in a report on Thursday, June 22nd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price objective on Cavium from $55.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Cavium currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $73.50.


 Get Cavium Inc. alerts:



Cavium (NASDAQ CAVM) opened at 62.40 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $65.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $68.12. The stock’s market cap is $4.24 billion. Cavium has a 52-week low of $42.22 and a 52-week high of $76.26. 





Cavium (NASDAQ:CAVM) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The semiconductor provider reported $0.20 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.09. Cavium had a positive return on equity of 4.05% and a negative net margin of 26.52%. The business had revenue of $229.58 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $227.22 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.25 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 125.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts expect that  Cavium will post $2.78 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/28/bidaskclub-upgrades-cavium-inc-nasdaqcavm-to-hold-updated.html. 
In related news, VP Arthur D. Chadwick sold 40,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $75.14, for a total transaction of $3,005,600.00. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 75,383 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,664,278.62. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Vincent P. Pangrazio sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $75.73, for a total value of $1,135,950.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 60,039 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,546,753.47. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own  4.65% of the company’s stock. 
Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of CAVM. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS boosted its position in  Cavium by 52.3% in the second quarter. Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS now owns 270,874 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $16,829,000 after buying an additional 93,070 shares in the last quarter.  Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado boosted its position in  Cavium by 1.1% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado now owns 193,183 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $12,002,000 after buying an additional 2,071 shares in the last quarter.  Inverness Counsel LLC NY boosted its position in  Cavium by 2.8% in the second quarter. Inverness Counsel LLC NY now owns 164,645 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $10,229,000 after buying an additional 4,530 shares in the last quarter.  Russell Investments Group Ltd. boosted its position in  Cavium by 25.8% in the second quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. now owns 504,977 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $31,373,000 after buying an additional 103,493 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, First Midwest Bank Trust Division boosted its position in  Cavium by 2.4% in the second quarter. First Midwest Bank Trust Division now owns 20,348 shares of the semiconductor provider’s stock valued at $1,264,000 after buying an additional 475 shares in the last quarter. 
Cavium Company Profile
Cavium, Inc is a provider of integrated semiconductor processors that enable intelligent processing for wired and wireless infrastructure and cloud for networking, communications, storage and security applications. The Company’s products consist of multi-core processors for embedded and data center applications, network connectivity for server and switches, storage connectivity, and security processors for offload and appliance.







Receive News & Ratings for Cavium Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavium Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 















































Suffolk Capital Management LLC 1633 Broadway New York, NY  - MapQuest







































































































    Suffolk Capital Management LLC
  

1633 Broadway

New York
NY
10019




 Reviews



(212) 247-2160
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help



























Suffolk Capital Management, LLC












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Suffolk Capital Management, LLC, Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Suffolk Capital Management, LLC

Company Information:Name:Suffolk Capital Management, LLCAddress:1633 Broadway40th floorNew York, NY 10019Phone:212-247-2160Website:www.suffolkcapitalmanagement.comCompany Products:Growth Valuation w/Earnings SurpriseLarge Cap Growth EquitySmall Cap Growth


Suffolk Capital Management, LLC Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets








































Reshma Karipineni - Former Analyst at Suffolk Capital Management LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Reshma Karipineni
Former Analyst at Suffolk Capital Management LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Reshma Karipineni
Former Analyst at Suffolk Capital Management LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 44 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Adam Tantleff

Managing Principal-Investor Relations at Sullivan Realty Capital LLC




Jeffrey L. Campbell

Senior Analyst, E&P & Oil Services at Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.





Erich J. Weissenberger, Jr.

Former Co-Founding Partner at Suffolk Capital Management LLC




Phillip Zheng

Former Portfolio Manager at Suffolk Capital Management LLC





Donald Martin Gilbert

Founder at Suffolk Capital Management LLC




Dennis Ray Taney

Former Chief Compliance Officer at Ohio National Investments, Inc.





Christopher Allen Carlson

Vice Chairman, Strategic Businesses at Ohio National Financial Services, Inc.




Greg Lang

Former Portfolio Manager & Financial Analyst at Suffolk Capital Management LLC





Christopher Liong

Managing Partner, Portfolio Manager at Suffolk Capital Management LLC




Jennifer Blachford

Former Equity Analyst at Suffolk Capital Management LLC







See 34 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 34 More 


 


 Paths to Reshma Karipineni



            Reshma Karipineni          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Reshma Karipineni






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Reshma Karipineni.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 2008 


Stanford University

                  Stanford University, located between San Francisco and San Jose in the heart of California's Silicon Valley, is one of the world's leading teaching and research universities. Since its opening in 1891, Stanford has been dedicated to finding solutions to big challenges and to preparing students for leadership in a complex world.                




 


Yale University

                  Yale University is an American private Ivy League research university located in New Haven, Connecticut. Founded in 1701 in the Colony of Connecticut, the university is the third-oldest institution of higher education in the United States.                





 Career History



Associate

                                    2008 - 2009                


Pinnacle Ventures LLC


                  Pinnacle Ventures provides debt and equity financing to early-stage companies in the information technology, clean technology and healthcare sectors. The firm's venture debt products include: growth capital loans, equipment loans, subordinated debt, accounts receivables facilities, mezzanine notes, convertible debt, M&A financing and special situation facilities. For all of their venture debt products, initial investments range from $500,000 to $25 million. Pinnacle Ventures also makes equity investments in early-stage companies. The firm makes lead and minority investments, as well as seed investments. Pinnacle Ventures is able to lead rounds with investments up to $15 million. In these situations, the firm either takes a board seat or board observer rights. The firm also makes smaller minority investments in the range of $1 million to $5 million.                




Analyst

                                    Prior - 2005                


Suffolk Capital Management LLC


                  Suffolk Capital Management offers core, large-cap growth and small-cap growth investment products. The firm's investment approach is based on the premise that most stocks are priced efficiently, reflecting the market’s expectations of growth and perceptions of risk. Their investment selection process is quantitatively-driven, but it relies heavily on fundamental analysis. Suffolk's investment approach focuses on analyzing changes in short-term fundamentals to predict stock price. They seek to identify mispriced stocks with the potential for earnings revisions and other factors. Suffolk analyzes companies’ revised earnings forecasts, looking for stocks having better long-term growth prospects than are reflected in current market prices. The firm uses a proprietary blend of research and stock selection techniques. First, a stock’s expected returns are determined by a quantitative model incorporating growth, valuation and risk factors. Then, they analyze the earnings estimates for those companies appearing to have the most potential for stock price appreciation to determine if those estimates are likely to be revised upward or downward. Finally, Suffolk performs a fundamental analysis of growth potential.                




Associate

                                    Prior                


Banc of America Securities LLC


                  Headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, Banc of America Securities (BAS) is the investment banking subsidiary of Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC). The firm provides both the domestic and international equity and investment banking markets, and pursues a strategy pioneered by Citigroup that combines corporate lending with investment banking advice and services.They provide high-yield debt underwriting and leveraged finance, in addition to industry coverage groups such as healthcare, media and telecom, financial institutions, real estate and gaming. BAS also does a significant amount of work for Financial Sponsors, or private equity firms, often financing leveraged transactions. Following the strategy of Goldman Sachs, the firm lacks a standalone mergers and acquisitions department, instead employing mergers and acquisitions senior bankers throughout the industry coverage groups.The firm is registered as a broker/dealer with the SEC, is a member of the NYSE, and the NASD. The use of Banc in the BAS's name is indicative of the fact that the company is not a bank, and their deposits and other holdings are not insured by the FDIC.                





 Other Affiliations




              Reshma Karipineni is affiliated with
                            Pinnacle Ventures LLC, Suffolk Capital Management LLC, Banc of America Securities LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Suffolk Capital Management LLC                                                                                           - Montgomery                                        , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Montgomery



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            Suffolk Capital Management LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Suffolk Capital Management LLC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 FINANCIAL WAY MONTGOMERY, OH 45242
Get Directions



(513) 794-6209
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011, Suffolk Capital Management Llc                                                                                           has been providing Security Brokers And Dealers from Montgomery. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































homepage















.
Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160



















Small Cap Growth – Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































Small Cap Growth



Home  Small Cap Growth  










Small Cap Growth
Strategy Summary (.pdf)
Small Cap Growth composite represents an equity strategy that primarily invests in small capitalization U.S. companies with a growth orientation. 80% of the Small Cap Growth portfolio is comprised of the Russell 2000® Growth Index.



Inception Date:
July 1, 1993


No. of Holdings:
40 – 70


Portfolio Manager:
Christopher Liong


Benchmark:
Russell 2000® Growth Index



 
Russell 2000® Growth Index measures the performance of the small-cap growth segment of the U.S. equity universe. It includes those Russell 2000® companies with higher price-to-book ratios and higher forecasted growth values. The Russell 2000® Index include the 2,000 firms from the Russell 3000® Index with the smallest market capitalizations. The Russell 3000® Index measures the performance of the largest 3000 U.S. companies representing approximately 98% of the investable U.S. equity market.
 
 
 

Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160



















Team – Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































Team



Home  Team  










Team
DONALD M.GILBERT
 President, Chief Investment Officer
Education: B.S., University of Pennsylvania/M.B.A., Wharton School of Finance & Commerce
Experience: Mr. Gilbert founded Suffolk Capital Management in March 1991 and has served as the firm’s CIO since. Prior to Suffolk Capital Management, he served as Director of Equity Investments at Home Insurance Company, where he managed all equity client accounts. Previously, he was Managing Director and Director of Investment Research of Marinvest, a subsidiary of Marine Midland Bank. Before joining Marinvest, he was a consultant in the financial service industry at Booz Allen Hamilton.
 
 
 
CHRISTOPHER LIONG
 Managing Partner, Portfolio Manager
Education: B.S., Cornell University
Experience: Mr. Liong is Managing Partner and Portfolio Manager at Suffolk Capital Management, LLC. He joined Suffolk Capital Management in May 1996 as a Research Analyst covering the Technology and Telecommunications sectors. He was named the firm’s first Director of Research in 1999 and became the Portfolio Manager for Large Cap Growth in 2001. In 2013, he also assumed the role of Portfolio Manager for Small Cap Growth. Mr. Liong has a Bachelor of Science degree in Materials Science & Engineering from Cornell University.
 
 
 
ANDY WONG
 Partner, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research
Education: B.S., Cornell University
Experience: Mr. Wong joined Suffolk Capital in 2000 covering the Information Technology and Telecommunications sectors. Mr. Wong became Director of Research in 2010 and serves as a mentor to new analysts and oversees the firm’s Q-Squared model. In 2012, he began assisting in managing the firm’s Large-Cap Dynamic product. Mr. Wong has a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Cornell University.
 
 
 
 
KEITH A GRAHAM
 Partner, Head of Business Development
Education: B.A., Eastern University in St. Davids’ Pennsylvania
Experience: Keith A. Graham is a Partner and Head of Business Development at Suffolk Capital Management, LLC. Keith is responsible for executing the long-term strategic growth efforts within the firm, with specific emphasis on consultants as well as plan sponsors in the public, corporate, endowment/foundations area nationwide. Mr. Graham brings more than 30 years of investment sales and financial experience to Suffolk Capital Management, LLC. Keith has held similar senior marketing roles throughout his career. Keith is very active in his community, serving on several boards. Keith received his Bachelor of Arts in Organizational Management from Eastern University in St. Davids’ Pennsylvania.
 
 
CASSANDRA LALLY
 Chief Compliance Officer, Client Services
Education: B.A., Stony Brook University
Experience: Ms. Lally joined Suffolk Capital in May 2005, and is responsible for compliance and client services. Prior to Suffolk, she worked at an engineering firm as a project coordinator. Ms. Lally holds a Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences from Stony Brook University.
 
 
 
 
 
 

Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160



















Firm History – Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































Firm History



Home  Firm History  










Firm History
“Building an investment process, one step at a time.”
1980-2017

Suffolk Capital Management (SCM) is 100% employee owned. Founded in 1991 by Donald Gilbert, Suffolk Capital Management has been offering investment management services for more than 26 years. SCM is a registered investment advisor with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, with approximately $1.8 billion in assets under management (as of June 30, 2017). The firm originally focused on Earnings Revisions Analysis in conjunction with Earnings Surprise. Starting in the mid 90’s into the earlier part of the 2000’s, Growth & Risk Analysis were added to the process. As Valuation Analysis and Earnings Revisions Analysis became more mainstream and with the implementation of Reg FD, our Q-Squared model was developed with a focus on being more predictive or anticipatory of Earnings Revisions. By the later part of the 2000’s through today, Sentiment Analysis was incorporated into the process. Today, all these steps play an important part of Suffolk’s stock selection process.
 
 
 

Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160



















Commentary – Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































Commentary



Home  Commentary  










Commentary
First Quarter 2017 Portfolio Manager Comments
Large Cap Core Equity Portfolio
For the first quarter ending March 2017, our Large Cap Core composite returned 6.72% versus 6.03% for the Russell 1000 Index and 6.07% for the S&P500. For the one, three and five year rolling periods ending March 31st 2017, our Large Cap Core composite returned on an annualized basis, 23.17%, 12.30%, and 15.25% respectively versus the Russell 1000 Index’s one year return of 17.43%, three years of 9.99% and five years of 13.26%. The S&P 500 returned on an annualized basis, 17.17%, 10.37%, and 13.30% for the one, three and five years respectively.
CONTRIBUTORS:
Contributors for the quarter included technology stocks such as DXC Technologies – DXC +42bps, which confirmed an attractive 2017 and beyond guidance benefiting  from the completion of Hewlett Packard Enterprises – HPE spin merger to form DXC Technologies. Broadcom Ltd. – AVGO + 37bps and ASML Holding NV – ASML +36bps, both benefited from earnings surprises to the upside. Delphi Automotive PLC – DLPH +32bps beat fourth quarter estimates significantly on both top line growth and margin, with better than expected guidance for 2017. Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. – HII +28bps released strong fourth quarter operation results driven by better than expected topline / margin performance. In addition, shipbuilding received an expected boost in the House version of the budget and supplemental spending.
DETRACTORS:
Detractors were in Healthcare, specifically Envision Healthcare Corp – EVHC – 22bps missed earnings estimates for the quarter and lowered fiscal year 2017 guidance.    We held on to Envision Healthcare.  The stock appears inexpensive, perhaps overly discounting residual operational problems, but we are cognizant that they are partly hostage to changes in overall health care spending and federal distribution of funds to the states.  Apple Inc. – APPL -16bps cost the portfolio a relative 16 basis points  due to our underweight relative to the benchmark.  Energy names such as Devon Energy Corp – DVN – 13bps underperformed due to weak oil prices as inventory data in the US continued to disappoint. Bank of New York Mellon Corp – BK – 9bps, as the Investment Management segment was weaker than expected, which was attributed to forex translation, fixed income, and relatively weaker post-election positioning.   We sold Bank of New York Mellon Corp as we saw the potential for increased price competition in their basic custodial services.  Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp – WAB – 9bps as 2017 guidance was lower than expected due to the delays in freight aftermarket recovery.  We continue to hold Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies  as we think rail traffic will pick up beyond the sluggish fourth quarter pace.  

 CONCERNS & OUTLOOK: 
After the strong stock market performance, we see risk to the downside for equities.  We believe the markets are already pricing in some expectations of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and potential business stimulus from deregulation.  While these expectations may come to fruition, there are clearly concerns regarding the Trump administration’s ability to pass any meaningful legislation.  Combined with geopolitical instabilities in Korea, Syria, France, and Russia, along with the ever present threat of terrorist disruptions, further gains in stocks might be limited.
Going forward, we believe these concerns will pass as the administration has already met with Russia (regarding Syria) and China (regarding North Korea) to ease tensions, and the French election should result in little change in the country’s position within the EU. While there will not likely be expedient action in Congress regarding tax reform and infrastructure spending, the economy is on sounder footing and the urgency for monetary stimulus has diminished, and in fact, a late-2017 timeframe for action would drive a strong start to the economy into the new year.  With this, steady job creation, improved business optimism, and a solid US consumer balance sheet, we see steady growth ahead.
 
 
 
 
Portfolio commentary is based on the Large Cap Core composites. Performance is gross of fees. Contribution detail is based on a representative portfolio. The holdings identified do not represent all of the securities purchased or sold for advisory clients. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Any securities mentioned are provided for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell. Portfolio holdings are subject to change at any time. The top contributors and detractors are presented to illustrate examples of the Large Cap Core’s investments and may not be representative of the portfolio’s current or future investments. Portfolio holdings are as of quarter end and may change at any time. Security selection shows how individual securities within the portfolio performed relative to the benchmark. It is calculated using Eikon and GICS Sectors. To obtain a list showing the contribution of each holding to the composite’s overall performance at the end of the most recent publicly available disclosure period, contact Keith Graham at 212‐247‐2382.

Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160



















Contact – Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
























































Contact



Home  Contact  










Contact
Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue, Suite 400
New York, New York 10019
212.247.2160


 
For more Information, please complete the contact form below.







Name:*









Email:*









Subject:*









Message:*



















 
 
 

Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160
























Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































homepage















.
Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160



















Team – Suffolk Capital Management, LLC























































Team



Home  Team  










Team
DONALD M.GILBERT
 President, Chief Investment Officer
Education: B.S., University of Pennsylvania/M.B.A., Wharton School of Finance & Commerce
Experience: Mr. Gilbert founded Suffolk Capital Management in March 1991 and has served as the firm’s CIO since. Prior to Suffolk Capital Management, he served as Director of Equity Investments at Home Insurance Company, where he managed all equity client accounts. Previously, he was Managing Director and Director of Investment Research of Marinvest, a subsidiary of Marine Midland Bank. Before joining Marinvest, he was a consultant in the financial service industry at Booz Allen Hamilton.
 
 
 
CHRISTOPHER LIONG
 Managing Partner, Portfolio Manager
Education: B.S., Cornell University
Experience: Mr. Liong is Managing Partner and Portfolio Manager at Suffolk Capital Management, LLC. He joined Suffolk Capital Management in May 1996 as a Research Analyst covering the Technology and Telecommunications sectors. He was named the firm’s first Director of Research in 1999 and became the Portfolio Manager for Large Cap Growth in 2001. In 2013, he also assumed the role of Portfolio Manager for Small Cap Growth. Mr. Liong has a Bachelor of Science degree in Materials Science & Engineering from Cornell University.
 
 
 
ANDY WONG
 Partner, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research
Education: B.S., Cornell University
Experience: Mr. Wong joined Suffolk Capital in 2000 covering the Information Technology and Telecommunications sectors. Mr. Wong became Director of Research in 2010 and serves as a mentor to new analysts and oversees the firm’s Q-Squared model. In 2012, he began assisting in managing the firm’s Large-Cap Dynamic product. Mr. Wong has a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from Cornell University.
 
 
 
 
KEITH A GRAHAM
 Partner, Head of Business Development
Education: B.A., Eastern University in St. Davids’ Pennsylvania
Experience: Keith A. Graham is a Partner and Head of Business Development at Suffolk Capital Management, LLC. Keith is responsible for executing the long-term strategic growth efforts within the firm, with specific emphasis on consultants as well as plan sponsors in the public, corporate, endowment/foundations area nationwide. Mr. Graham brings more than 30 years of investment sales and financial experience to Suffolk Capital Management, LLC. Keith has held similar senior marketing roles throughout his career. Keith is very active in his community, serving on several boards. Keith received his Bachelor of Arts in Organizational Management from Eastern University in St. Davids’ Pennsylvania.
 
 
CASSANDRA LALLY
 Chief Compliance Officer, Client Services
Education: B.A., Stony Brook University
Experience: Ms. Lally joined Suffolk Capital in May 2005, and is responsible for compliance and client services. Prior to Suffolk, she worked at an engineering firm as a project coordinator. Ms. Lally holds a Bachelor of Arts in Social Sciences from Stony Brook University.
 
 
 
 
 
 

Suffolk Capital Management, LLC
810 Seventh Avenue | Suite 400 | New York, NY 10019
212.247.2160












