








Richard Sulpizio - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Richard Sulpizio
Board Member at ResMed Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Richard Sulpizio? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Richard Sulpizio's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Richard Sulpizio's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Richard Sulpizio's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Richard Sulpizio through your network of contacts.
												








Richard Sulpizio's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
CA, Inc.


Board Member, 
ResMed Inc.


Past
To view Richard Sulpizio's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															California State University - Los Angeles


														 M.S., 
															University of Southern California


Age
67

 
 


Richard Sulpizio's Biography



Business Experience 
Mr. Sulpizio served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Qualcomm Enterprise Services, a division of Qualcomm Incorporated ("Qualcomm") responsible for mobile communications and services to the transportation industry, from December 2009 to February 2013. He served as Senior Advisor of Qualcomm Enterprise Services from February 2013 to November 2013. Mr. Sulpizio served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Qualcomm, a developer of wireless technologies, products and services, from 1998 to 2001 and served in various other executive positions between 1991 and 1998. He served as a director of Qualcomm from 200 ...
(Read More)

			Business Experience 
Mr. Sulpizio served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Qualcomm Enterprise Services, a division of Qualcomm Incorporated ("Qualcomm") responsible for mobile communications and services to the transportation industry, from December 2009 to February 2013. He served as Senior Advisor of Qualcomm Enterprise Services from February 2013 to November 2013. Mr. Sulpizio served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Qualcomm, a developer of wireless technologies, products and services, from 1998 to 2001 and served in various other executive positions between 1991 and 1998. He served as a director of Qualcomm from 2000 to 2007. Mr. Sulpizio served as President and Chief Executive Officer of MediaFLO, USA, Inc., a Qualcomm subsidiary involved in bringing multimedia services to the wireless industry, from 2005 to 2006. Mr. Sulpizio served as President of Qualcomm Europe in 2004 and President of Qualcomm China from 2002 to 2003. Before joining Qualcomm, Mr. Sulpizio worked for eight years at Unisys Corporation, a worldwide information technology company, and 10 years at Fluor Corporation, an engineering and construction company. 
Current Directorships 
Mr. Sulpizio has served, since 2005, as a director of ResMed Inc., a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical products, where he had previously served on its governance committee and is currently chair of its compensation committee. 
Previous Directorships 
As stated above, Mr. Sulpizio served as a director of Qualcomm from 2000 to 2007. 
Other Experience 
Mr. Sulpizio serves on the advisory board of the University of California San Diego's Sulpizio Family Cardiovascular Center. 
Qualifications 
Mr. Sulpizio's qualifications include: extensive executive leadership experience at a large, complex, global public company; extensive technology experience; international management experience; and public company governance experience as a member or chair of boards and board committees of public companies.
		
Source: CA, Inc. on 09/26/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Richard Sulpizio's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Richard Sulpizio. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Richard Sulpizio's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Richard Sulpizio's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Richard Sulpizio through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Richard Sulpizio


















Richard Sulpizio's Connections (91)





Sign up now to view Richard Sulpizio's 91 connections »









Ajei S. Gopal
Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ansys, Inc.









Margaret L. Johnson
Executive Vice President, Business Development, Microsoft Corporation









Christopher B. Lofgren
Board Member, CA, Inc.









Donald E. Schrock
Former EVP and President, CDMA Technologies Group, Qualcomm









Raymond V. Dittamore
Board Member, Obalon Therapeutics









Gary J. Fernandes
Former Board Member, CA, Inc.









Adam Elster
President, Global Field Operations, CA, Inc.









Rohit Kapoor
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Exlservice Holdings, Inc.









Laura S. Unger
Board Member, CA, Inc.









Nancy E. Cooper
Board Member, Teradata Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Qualcomm Promotes Richard Sulpizio to President | Qualcomm










Press ReleasePress ReleasesQualcomm Promotes Richard Sulpizio to President1998年7月1日SAN DIEGOQualcomm products mentioned within this press release are offered by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today announced the promotion of Richard Sulpizio to president of Qualcomm. Mr. Sulpizio will retain his current position as chief operating officer in addition to his new responsibilities as president. Mr. Sulpizio replaces Harvey White who was appointed vice chairman of Qualcomm.
As previously announced, subject to final board approval, Qualcomm is planning to spin off its joint ventures in the wireless telecom services into a new public company. In addition to being appointed as a vice chairman of Qualcomm, Mr. White has been appointed as chairman, president and CEO of a wholly owned Qualcomm subsidiary that has been formed in anticipation of the spin-off. Upon the spin-off of the subsidiary, Mr. White will resign his new role as a vice chairman of Qualcomm, but will continue to lead the new public company as its chairman, president and CEO. Dr. Andrew Viterbi, who currently is vice chairman of Qualcomm, will continue as vice chairman of Qualcomm.
"As COO, Rich has been instrumental in the daily operations of Qualcomm during its rapid growth into a major supplier to the telecom markets worldwide," said Dr. Irwin M. Jacobs, chairman and CEO of Qualcomm. "Rich has added great value since he joined Qualcomm in May of 1991. His extensive knowledge of the Company's diverse business areas and proven leadership skills will help us to continue to provide new technologies, products and solutions for the wireless industry."
Mr. Sulpizio joined Qualcomm in 1991 as vice president of information systems. Since joining Qualcomm, Mr. Sulpizio has also served as executive vice president and president of Qualcomm's OmniTRACS Division as well as chief operating officer. Prior to Qualcomm, Mr. Sulpizio held senior management positions with Unisys Corporation. Mr. Sulpizio holds a bachelor's degree from California State University and a master's degree in systems management from the University of Southern California.
"Harvey White is one of the original seven founders of Qualcomm and has been an integral part of the Company's tremendous growth to over 10,000 employees and $3 billion in revenues," said Jacobs. "With the increasing demand for wireless telecommunications services worldwide, the management and operation of new service companies offers tremendous potential. The new company will benefit greatly from Harvey's extensive experience in the telecommunications industry."
Headquartered in San Diego, Qualcomm develops, manufactures, markets, licenses and operates advanced communications systems and products based on its proprietary digital wireless technologies. The Company's primary product areas are the OmniTRACS® system (a geostationary satellite-based, mobile communications system providing two-way data and position reporting services), CDMA wireless communications systems and products and, in conjunction with others, the development of the Globalstar low-earth-orbit (LEO) satellite communications system. Other Company products include the Eudora Pro® electronic mail software, ASIC products, and communications equipment and systems for government and commercial customers worldwide.  For more information on Qualcomm products and technologies, please visit the Company's web site at http://www.qualcomm.com/.
Except for the historical information contained herein, this news release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the ability to structure the spin-off transaction to meet its publicly stated objectives and to accomplish the spin-off in a timely manner, the impact of the spin-off on Qualcomm's stock price, the ability of the management of the spin-off company to realize value for its stockholders, as well as the other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's SEC reports, including the report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 1997 and most recent Form 10-Q.
# # #









Richard Sulpizio Joins CA's Board of Directors (NASDAQ:CA)

















 






Nov 4, 2009



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



Richard Sulpizio Joins CA's Board of Directors
Former Qualcomm Executive Brings More Than 35 Years of International Business Expertise
ISLANDIA, N.Y., Nov 04, 2009 /PRNewswire-FirstCall via COMTEX News Network/ -- CA (Nasdaq: CA), the world's leading independent IT management software company, today announced that Richard Sulpizio has been elected to its Board of Directors effective immediately. Sulpizio also has been named to both the Board's Compensation and Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committees.
"Rich brings extensive international business experience and leadership as well as considerable operational expertise," said CA Executive Chairman Bill McCracken. "We are delighted to welcome him to the CA Board and look forward to his active participation."
Sulpizio's appointment increases the Board membership to 10, eight of whom are independent.
Sulpizio retired in July 2001 as president and chief operating officer of Qualcomm Inc., a leading mobile technologies company. After his retirement, Sulpizio returned to Qualcomm to serve in several successive high-level executive positions including president of Qualcomm China, president of Qualcomm Europe and president and chief executive officer of MediaFLO, USA, Inc., a Qualcomm subsidiary chartered with bringing multimedia services to the wireless industry. Sulpizio was a member of Qualcomm's Board of Directors from 2000 until 2007.
Sulpizio, 59, has been serving as a director of ResMed, Inc., a global developer, manufacturer, and marketer of medical products, since August 2005. He also currently serves on the advisory board of the University of California San Diego's Sulpizio Family Cardiovascular Center and the Board of Directors of the Danny Thompson Memorial Leukemia Foundation.
Sulpizio holds a bachelor of arts degree from California State University, Los Angeles, and a master's degree in systems management from the University of Southern California.
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20090402/NYTH500LOGO)
About CACA (Nasdaq: CA), the world's leading independent IT management software company, helps customers optimize IT for better business results. CA's Enterprise IT Management solutions for mainframe and distributed computing enable Lean IT -- empowering organizations to more effectively govern, manage and secure their IT operations. For more information, visit www.ca.com.
Connect with CA
    --  CA Social Media Page
    --  CA Newsletters
    --  CA Press Releases

    --  CA Podcasts

TrademarksCopyright A(C) 2009 CA. All Rights Reserved. One CA Plaza, Islandia, N.Y. 11749. All trademarks, trade names, service marks, and logos referenced herein belong to their respective companies.


    Press contact:

    Jennifer Hallahan
    Public Relations
    (212) 415-6924
    jennifer.hallahan@ca.com

SOURCE  CA
http://ca.com

Copyright (C) 2009 PR Newswire. All rights reserved 








 










 





CA Richard Sulpizio Insider Trades for CA Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































CA Inc.

                  NASDAQ: CA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

CA Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:46 p.m.


CA

/quotes/zigman/99641/composite


$
34.00




Change

-0.42
-1.22%

Volume
Volume 62,817
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/99641/composite
Previous close

$
			34.64
		


$
				34.42
			
Change

-0.22
-0.64%





Day low
Day high
$34.33
$34.70










52 week low
52 week high

            $30.01
        

            $36.54
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Richard Sulpizio



Mr. Richard Sulpizio is Independent Director at CA, Inc., Independent Director at ResMed, Inc., and Chairman at Danny Thompson Memorial Leukemia Foundation, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at CA, Inc. and ResMed, Inc.
Mr. Sulpizio was previously employed as President & Chief Executive Officer by Qualcomm Enterprise Services Europe BV, President & Chief Executive Officer by Media FLO USA, Inc., a Principal by Fluor Corp., and a Principal by Unisys Corp. He also served on the board at QUALCOMM, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from California State University-Los Angeles and a graduate degree from the University of Southern California.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Michael P. Gregoire 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Kieran J. McGrath 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Otto  Berkes 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Paul  Pronsati 
EVP-Global Operations & Information Technology




Mr. Ayman  Sayed 
Chief Product Officer




Mr. Jacob  Lamm 
Executive VP-Strategy & Corporate Development




Mr. Claude  Boudrias 
Head-Tax & Trade




Mr. Ken  Martin 
Vice President-sales




Mr. John  Eldh 
Senior Vice President-Global Security Sales




Ms. Lauren Patricia Flaherty 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Adam  Elster 
EVP, Group Executive-Worldwide Sales & Services




Mr. Anthony J. Radesca 
Principal Accounting Officer




Ms. Darlan  Monterisi 
Senior Vice President-Corporate Communications




Ms. Traci T. Tsuchiguchi 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Brendan M. Peter 
Vice President-Global Government Relations




Ms. Beth  Conway 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Michael C. Bisignano 
Secretary & General Counsel




Mr. Arthur Frederic Weinbach 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Raymond John Bromark 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey G. Katz 
Independent Director




Mr. Jens  Alder 
Independent Director




Dr. Christopher B. Lofgren 
Independent Director




Mr. Rohit  Kapoor 
Independent Director




Mr. Renato M. Zambonini 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard  Sulpizio 
Independent Director




Ms. Kay  Koplovitz 
Independent Director




Ms. Laura Simone Unger 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:43 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:22p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
11:09pWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
11:09pThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
11:07p5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
11:06pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
11:05pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
11:04pThe dark side of cruises
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Richard Sulpizio BA, MS: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:43 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Qualcomm Enterprise Services



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Richard   Sulpizio BA, MSAdvisor, Qualcomm Enterprise ServicesAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships67--
Background

		Mr. Richard Sulpizio, also known as Rich, BA, MS served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Qualcomm Enterprise Services from December 2009 to February 2013 and Senior Advisor from February 2013 to November 2013. Mr. Sulpizio served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of FLO TV Incorporated (also known as MediaFLO USA Inc.), a Qualcomm's subsidiary, chartered with bringing multimedia services to the wireless industry from 2005 to 2006. He has served ... as the President of Qualcomm China since May 2002 until 2003. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at QUALCOMM Spinco Inc. since July 2000. He served as the President of Qualcomm Inc. from July 1998 to July 2001 and its Chief Operating Officer from 1995 to July 2001. He joined QUALCOMM Inc. in May 1991 as a Vice President of Information Systems and also served as its Senior Vice President since September 1991. He served as the President of QUALCOMM Inc., a holding company of Qualcomm Spinco Inc., Wireless Business Solutions (formerly, QUALCOMM's OmniTRACS Division) from February 1994 to August 1995. Mr. Sulpizio successively held the roles of an Interim President of QUALCOMM China and Interim President of QUALCOMM Europe, providing strategic direction for these critical operations since 2004. Prior to his assignment in the OmniTRACS division, he held the position of Chief Operating Officer from May 1992 to February 1994. He spent 8 years with Unisys Corp. He also spent 10 years with Fluor Engineering and Constructors, implementing computer systems worldwide. He has been a Director of CA, Inc. since November 4, 2009, QUALCOMM Spinco Inc., since July 2000 and ResMed Inc. since August 25, 2005. He served as a Director of Qualcomm Inc. since December 2000 until 2007. He serves on the University of California San Diego Cardiovascular Advisory Board and the Board of the Danny Thompson Memorial Leukemia Foundation. Mr. Sulpizio holds a Bachelor of Arts in Liberal Arts from California State University, Los Angeles and an M.S. in Systems Management from the University of Southern California.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5775 Morehouse DriveSan Diego, California 92121United StatesPhone: 858-587-1121Fax: 858-658-2100
Board Members Memberships
2005-PresentDirectorResMed Inc.2009-PresentDirectorCA, Inc.
Education
MS University of Southern CaliforniaBA California State University, Los Angeles
Other Affiliations
QUALCOMM IncorporatedCA, Inc.ResMed Inc.Qualcomm Spinco, Inc.University of Southern CaliforniaCalifornia State University, Los AngelesFLO TV IncorporatedQualcomm India Private Limited


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Qualcomm Enterprise Services, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Qualcomm Announces Resignation of Richard Sulpizio as President and COO | Qualcomm











Press ReleasePress ReleasesQualcomm Announces Resignation of Richard Sulpizio as President and COO24 Jul 2001SAN DIEGOQualcomm products mentioned within this press release are offered by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.SAN DIEGO -- July 24, 2001--Qualcomm Incorporated today announced that Richard Sulpizio has elected to resign as president and chief operating officer of Qualcomm to pursue personal interests. Mr. Sulpizio will continue his leadership role as a member of Qualcomm's Board of Directors.
 Richard Sulpizio joined Qualcomm in 1991, serving in executive management positions including vice president of information systems, president of Qualcomm's OmniTRACS Division and chief operating officer of Qualcomm. Mr. Sulpizio was named president and chief operating officer in 1998.
 "Rich has been instrumental in Qualcomm's daily operations for more than a decade,'' said Dr. Irwin M. Jacobs, chairman and CEO of Qualcomm. "He has been a key part of our executive team, helping guide the Company through periods of rapid growth and change. We thank Rich for his many contributions and look forward to continuing to utilize his valuable knowledge and experience as an active Qualcomm Board member.''
"Qualcomm has been a tremendously rewarding career and personal experience,'' said Richard Sulpizio. "I have enjoyed being mentored by Irwin Jacobs and working with my talented colleagues on the management team at Qualcomm. I am looking forward to contributing to the future of the Company while continuing as a member of Qualcomm's Board of Directors.''
Qualcomm Incorporated (www.qualcomm.com) is a leader in developing and delivering innovative digital wireless communications products and services based on the Company's Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA) digital technology. The Company's business areas include CDMA integrated circuits and system software; technology licensing; the Binary Runtime Environment for Wireless™ (BREW™) applications platform; Eudora® e-mail software; digital cinema systems; and satellite-based systems including portions of the Globalstar(TM) system and wireless fleet management systems, OmniTRACS® and OmniExpress™. Qualcomm owns patents that are essential to all of the CDMA wireless telecommunications standards that have been adopted or proposed for adoption by standards-setting bodies worldwide. Qualcomm has licensed its essential CDMA patent portfolio to more than 100 telecommunications equipment manufacturers worldwide. Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Qualcomm is included in theS&P500 Index and is a 2001 FORTUNE 500® company traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market® under the ticker symbol QCOM.
Except for the historical information contained herein, this news release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, including the Company's ability to successfully design and have manufactured significant quantities of CDMA components on a timely and profitable basis, the ability to design and sell integrated circuits and system software without third party's assessing their patents against the Company or its products, the extent and speed to which CDMA is deployed, change in economic conditions of the various markets the Company serves, as well as the other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's SEC reports, including the report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 24, 2000, and most recent Form 10-Q.






   Richard Sulpizio | Qualcomm Incorporated | ZoomInfo.com

	
	San Diego Cardiac Center, Cardic Center San Diego





































































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.
























































Translate this website into the following languages:

Select a Language
Spanish
Chinese
Chinese (Traditional)
Tagalog
Vietnamese
Korean
Farsi/Persian
Armenian 
Russian
Arabic
Khmer/Cambodian
Hmong
Laotian
Czech
Portuguese
German
French
Japanese
Italian
Dutch

Close Tab





					Thank you for considering making a financial gift to UC San Diego Health. 
					
Give Now
→
Close Tab





Home

Medical ServicesPatient GuideFind a ProviderLocationsHealth Info



You Are Here:


About Our Center
About Sulpizio Cardiovascular CenterLocationsQuality CareTraining & EducationBuilding FactsCurrently selectedNews & Events





		Newsroom

		Contact

		Appointments

		Volunteer

		About Us

		Careers

		Giving
Policy Notices























858-657-7000
|
MyUCSDChart Login






MenuSearch








MyUCSDChart User Login 



								Sign Up |

								Activate Account












Home ▶ Medical Services ▶ Cardiovascular Services ▶ About Our Center ▶ Building Facts




Cardiovascular Services














Treatment Programs
Cardiovascular Disease Management
Diagnosing a Heart ConditionHeart-Healthy LifestyleWomen's Cardiovascular Health
Risk Factors and Symptoms in Women

Cardiac Arrhythmia Treatment
Diagnosing a Heart Rhythm IrregularityPacemaker and ICD InsertionLaser Lead ExtractionCardioversionCatheter Ablation and AlternativesElectrophysiology Facilities
Heart Failure & Cardiac Transplant Program
Ventricular Assist DevicesCardiac Resynchronization TherapyAlcohol Septal AblationHeart TransplantationPatient Testimonial: Paul Swanson
Vascular Disease Treatment
Angioplasty with Stent PlacementAtherectomyCoronary Artery Stenting and Bypass GraftCardiac CatheterizationCarotid Artery StentingStroke Care
Pulmonary Vascular Disease
CTEPH – Chronic Thromboembolic Pulmonary HypertensionPulmonary Thromboendarterectomy (PTE)
Understanding PTE SurgeryPlanning Your San Diego Stay
Balloon Pulmonary Angioplasty (BPA)Pulmonary Arterial HypertensionPulmonary EmbolismOur Specialists
Heart Valve Repair and ReplacementAdult Congenital Heart Disease Care
Patient Testimonial: Mary Harris, Loeys-Dietz Syndrome

Our Cardiovascular DoctorsPatient Resources
Appointments & ReferralsContact UsLocationsVideosOnline Tutorials
Research & Clinical TrialsDiseases & ConditionsAbout Our Center
About Sulpizio Cardiovascular CenterLocationsQuality CareTraining & EducationBuilding FactsCurrently selectedNews & Events






LeftActions
 
















			History and Building Facts
			




Page Content

Building Facts128,000 square feet 4 stories (2 with full interstitial floors) Construction: May 2008 to December 2010 Open to public in 2011 54 beds Outpatient clinics 4 smart ORs 4 cath labs Emergency Department with 4 small treatment rooms, 4 large treatment rooms (with double capacity in event of a disaster, and expanded imaging area In February 2005, UC San Diego received a $10 million gift from Richard and Maria (Gaby) Sulpizio to help construct a state-of-the-art cardiovascular patient care and clinical research facility. In recognition, our facility is called the Sulpizio Cardiovascular Center. 
When it opened in 2011, the center unified ambulatory, clinical, and inpatient heart and stroke care in one convenient location. It has also won recognition for its world-class design, including being named one of the nation's 
   Most Beautiful Hospitals in 2012, and 
   Modern Healthcare's highest design honor. 

 Maria (Gaby) and Richard Sulpizio  Richard Sulpizio, chairman of the Center’s Board of Directors and president and CEO of Qualcomm Enterprise Services, has personal experience with cardiovascular disease. Both his father and brother died of heart conditions. But that’s not the only reason behind the couple’s generous gift. Sulpizio says he was inspired by the vision of Dr. Anthony DeMaria, UC San Diego professor of medicine and the director of the Cardiovascular Center. 
“At our first meeting, he made a compelling case for the work he and his staff are doing, and the fact that they needed a world-class facility,” Sulpizio recalled recently. “He explained it’s not just about technology, it’s about the people who use the technology. He talked about sharing everything under one roof, being able to attract topnotch doctors. “My wife and I decided that if we could help to give a world-class facility to continue both the training and the clinical work with patients that is done at UC San Diego Medical Center, it would be an honor.” As part of an academic medical system, the new facility will unite leaders in cardiovascular medicine, cardiothoracic surgery, pulmonary vascular medicine, vascular surgery, stroke, heart imaging and research. Through this collaborative approach, research discoveries can move quickly to the bedside, so patients benefit sooner from new methods of prevention, diagnosis and treatment. “We’re lucky to have UCSD here in the community; having an academic medical center is pretty impressive,” Sulpizio said. “And it’s not only the academic medicine aspect and the care they deliver, it’s the three D’s: The Medical Center discovers, delivers, and disseminates. If you go to a regular hospital, they don’t offer all those aspects. “At UCSD, we know we are dealing with people that other facilities don’t have. We’re pleased to help support such outstanding physicians and researchers, many of whom are among the best in the nation.” Gaby Sulpizio, whose mother has heart disease, is an enthusiastic supporter of the project as well. “Our family knows, personally, how devastating cardiovascular diseases can be, which is why we have been so active with UCSD’s Cardiovascular Center for a number of years,” Gaby said. “Also, UCSD’s program focuses on cardiovascular issues for women, the number-one cause of death among females. “We are confident that the health and future of many generations to come will benefit from the health care work at UCSD."






Content Area Two​AppointmentsNew Patients: 800-926-8273 Current Patients: 858-657-8530
More about appointments and referralsLocations​
Cardiovascular Care LocationsMeet Our Specialists
Cardiovascular Doctors
Also See Patient ResourcesAppointments

New Patients: 800-926-8273 Current UC San Diego Health patients: 858-657-8530 Locations​
Cardiovascular Care LocationsMeet Our Specialists
Cardiovascular Doctors 



























Our bimonthly newsletter delivers healthy lifestyle tips, patient stories and research discovery news. Subscribe:


















































