










 













 













 











Building Material Companies | About | Summit Materials
































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





About.











Our Vision.Summit Materials was formed to acquire and grow heavy-side building materials companies in the aggregates, ready-mix concrete, cement, asphalt paving and construction industries.  By teaming up with established local businesses, we are committed to creating value, providing access to growth capital, implementing best practices, and offering a safe place to work while striving to exceed our environmental and social responsibilities.
 
Learn more about how we see grassroots.










Meet the Summit Team.
Get to know us. 











What Binds Us.




SafetyIt’s our culture and ingrained in everything we do. It’s protecting our best assets -- our people.




ResponsibilityDoing it right the first time. Standing behind our products and services to meet the needs of our customers.




OpportunityMaintaining a local presence to bring growth to, and connect with, our communities.










Our Story.Summit Materials was formed in 2008, when Tom Hill and a small team of investors with a bold vision formed a new kind of building materials company. The company was founded around a single, simple idea: to bring successful companies together into something even greater. Summit brings value to its family of companies by maintaining entrepreneurial spirit and local presence, while providing access to resources and shared best practices. Since Summit's formation, the company has completed more than 43 acquisitions forming 12 platform companies operating in 24 states and British Columbia, Canada. These companies provide aggregates, cement, ready-mix, asphalt, and construction services to meet residential, nonresidential, and public demand.






Meet Our Family.


 
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
 







News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 


















Building Materials Suppliers | Contact | Summit Materials


































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Contact.











Summit Materials Headquarters

303-893-0012 / Phone
303-893-6993 / Fax

1550 WynkoopThird FloorDenver, CO 80202United States Map

Facebook Twitter












If you would like to receive Summit Materials press releases via text message please click on the link below.
Subscribe to Summit Materials Text Messages.

First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone 



Subject 
- None -InvestorsJobsMaterials


Comments *













By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy.




Contact Our Companies



Alleyton

7555 FM 762Richmond, TX 77469United States
Map

281-238-1010 

American Materials Company

6131 Oleander DriveWilmington, NC 28403United States
Map

910-799-1411Website 

Austin Materials

9020 N. Capital of Texas Hwy.Suite #250 - Building IIAustin, TX 78759United States
Map

512-251-3713Website 

Boxley Materials Company

15418 W Lynchburg Salem TurnpikeBlue Ridge, VA 24064United States
Map

800-442-8878Website 

Con-Agg

2604 N. Stadium BlvdColumbia, MO 65202United States
Map

573-446-0905Website 

Continental Cement

16100 Swingley Ridge RoadChesterfield, MO 63017United States
Map

636-532-7440Website 

Cornejo and Sons

2060 E TulsaWichita, KS 67216United States
Map

316-522-5100Website 

Hamm Inc.

609 Perry PlacePerry, KS 66073United States
Map

785-597-5111Website 

Hinkle Contracting

395 North Middletown Rd.Paris, KY 40361United States
Map

859-987-3670Website 

Kilgore Companies

7057 W. 2100 SWest Valley City, UT 84128United States
Map

801-250-0132Website 

Mainland Sand and Gravel

Unit #317 9525 – 201 St.Langley, BC V1M 4A5Canada
Map

604-882-5650Website 

RK Hall

5020 SE Loop 286Paris, TX 75462United States
Map

903-784-8880Website 

Troy Vines 

2817 Rankin HwyMidland, TX 79706United States
Map

432-561-8080Website 









News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 



















Materials | Construction Materials | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Materials.











We see opportunity around every corner to help build your community.Sourced from the highest quality sites.
Efficient production for consistency and strength.
Integrated product offering to our customers.
Summit Materials is a vertically integrated construction materials company that produces aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt, and offers paving, construction and other services.   These types of products and services touch almost every aspect of your daily life, from the roads you drive to work to the cell phone you use to call home.










Building Materials Fact
Concrete
has been used in some form since Roman times, it is the most universal construction material today.
 











Our Materials.





 

AggregatesAggregates are the building blocks of our nation’s construction industry. These natural resources are the foundation of products and services that develop our public and private infrastructure. The aggregate materials are sourced from our quarries, and are the key materials in production of asphalt, concrete and cement. We stand behind the process and quality from rock to road.
 





 

CementCement, when combined with aggregates and water, produces concrete. Cement is the binder that makes concrete durable, weather resistant and adaptable. Our state of the art cement plant and production process enable our companies and our customers to offer superior concrete products.
 





 

Ready-MixReady-mix is a highly versatile construction material that can be used to make everything from curbs to kitchen counters. Its flexible recipe characteristics allow for an end product that can assume almost any color, shape, texture and strength. Ready-mix concrete can be customized to suit your needs.
 





 

AsphaltAsphalt is one of the most common roadway materials used today; approximately 94 percent of our nation's roads are paved with asphalt. It is formed by the combination of aggregates and liquid asphalt. Asphalt is 100 percent renewable and the U.S. alone recycles nearly 60 million tons of asphalt each year.  
 





 

Paving ConstructionPaving is the final stage of Summit’s vertically integrated product offering. Our companies perform quality work that complements our materials by providing a downstream outlet to distribute these products. Our skilled labor force and quality service offering provide a one stop shop to our customers.
 






Our Process.




Site PlanningA site is chosen to be sustainable throughout and beyond extraction. Before the first stone is removed, we are already planning for the lifecycle of the site.




Safe ExtractionWe partner with our neighbors and our legislators to work responsibly in our environment throughout the extraction process.




Site RepurposingAs the last stone is removed, a site’s lifecycle progresses as it continues to provide communities with varying types of future development.










News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 









Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:15 PM ET

Company Overview of Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Washington, District of Columbia. Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Summit Materials, LLC.


2900 K Street NWWashington, DC 20007United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 202-503-2458








Key Executives for Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC




Mr. Thomas W. Hill B.A., MBA


      	President
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Anthony Keenan


      	Chief Financial Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




































Materials | Construction Materials | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Materials.











We see opportunity around every corner to help build your community.Sourced from the highest quality sites.
Efficient production for consistency and strength.
Integrated product offering to our customers.
Summit Materials is a vertically integrated construction materials company that produces aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt, and offers paving, construction and other services.   These types of products and services touch almost every aspect of your daily life, from the roads you drive to work to the cell phone you use to call home.










Building Materials Fact
Concrete
has been used in some form since Roman times, it is the most universal construction material today.
 











Our Materials.





 

AggregatesAggregates are the building blocks of our nation’s construction industry. These natural resources are the foundation of products and services that develop our public and private infrastructure. The aggregate materials are sourced from our quarries, and are the key materials in production of asphalt, concrete and cement. We stand behind the process and quality from rock to road.
 





 

CementCement, when combined with aggregates and water, produces concrete. Cement is the binder that makes concrete durable, weather resistant and adaptable. Our state of the art cement plant and production process enable our companies and our customers to offer superior concrete products.
 





 

Ready-MixReady-mix is a highly versatile construction material that can be used to make everything from curbs to kitchen counters. Its flexible recipe characteristics allow for an end product that can assume almost any color, shape, texture and strength. Ready-mix concrete can be customized to suit your needs.
 





 

AsphaltAsphalt is one of the most common roadway materials used today; approximately 94 percent of our nation's roads are paved with asphalt. It is formed by the combination of aggregates and liquid asphalt. Asphalt is 100 percent renewable and the U.S. alone recycles nearly 60 million tons of asphalt each year.  
 





 

Paving ConstructionPaving is the final stage of Summit’s vertically integrated product offering. Our companies perform quality work that complements our materials by providing a downstream outlet to distribute these products. Our skilled labor force and quality service offering provide a one stop shop to our customers.
 






Our Process.




Site PlanningA site is chosen to be sustainable throughout and beyond extraction. Before the first stone is removed, we are already planning for the lifecycle of the site.




Safe ExtractionWe partner with our neighbors and our legislators to work responsibly in our environment throughout the extraction process.




Site RepurposingAs the last stone is removed, a site’s lifecycle progresses as it continues to provide communities with varying types of future development.










News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 






















Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC in Denver, CO - (303) 893-0012





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC



1550 Wynkoop St
Denver, CO 80202






Contact:
Thomas Hill


Title:
Managing Member


Phone:


                        303-893-0012
                    



Website:

www.summit-materials.com







There are 

10
                Companies located at 1550 Wynkoop St, Denver, CO 80202
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Summit Materials Holdings II is located in Denver, Colorado. This organization primarily operates in the Nonresidential Construction, nec business / industry within the Construction - General Contractors & Operative Builders sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 7 years. Summit Materials Holdings II is estimated to generate $110.1 million in annual revenues, and employs approximately 3 people at this headquarters location.









Sector:

Construction - General Contractors & Operative Builders



Category:

Nonresidential Construction, nec



Industry:

Nonresidential Construction, nec

Highway and Street Paving Contractor




SIC Code:

1542, 1611











Name:
Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC


Year Founded:


2010






Location Type:
HQ


Revenue:

$ 110,064,000



Employees:

3



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 80202






Percentage Population



8,833
White
818
Hispanic
570
Black
624
Asian
165
Native American
27
Hawaiian
243
Other


87.0 %
White
8.1 %
Hispanic
5.6 %
Black
6.1 %
Asian
1.6 %
Native American
0.3 %
Hawaiian
2.4 %
Other













Population




Population 
10,148




Female44.7%4,534


Male55.3%5,614




Median Age

32.3




Female30.4


Male33.9






























Questions & Answers









Where is Summit Materials Holdings II located?





Summit Materials Holdings II is located at 1550 Wynkoop St, Denver, CO 80202.







What are the annual sales for Summit Materials Holdings II?





Summit Materials Holdings II generates approximately $110.1 million in annual sales.







How big is Summit Materials Holdings II?





Summit Materials Holdings II is estimated to generate $110.1 million in annual revenues, and employs approximately 3 people at this location.









Are there other companies located at 1550 Wynkoop St, Denver, CO?





There are 10 commercial tenants at 1550 Wynkoop St, Denver, CO.







How long has Summit Materials Holdings II been in business?





Summit Materials Holdings II has been in business for approximately 7 years.







Is there a key contact at Summit Materials Holdings II?





Thomas Hill is the Managing Member at Summit Materials Holdings II. You can contact Thomas at (303) 893-0012.







How many people work at Summit Materials Holdings II?





Summit Materials Holdings II has approximately 3 employees at this location.







What is the phone number for Summit Materials Holdings II?





The phone number for Summit Materials Holdings II is (303) 893-0012







What is the internet address for Summit Materials Holdings II?





The website (URL) for Summit Materials Holdings II is www.summit-materials.com.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 80202






Average House Value


                                $ 382,900
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 67,672
                            



Number of Households

6,761



Persons per Household

1.39













Number of Businesses

5,360



Number of Employees

67,208



Land Area (square miles)

1.120



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























Summit Materials Holdings II LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























summit materials holdings ii llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Construction Materials
Sub-Industry: Cement & Aggregates
Summit Materials Holdings II LLC operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers ready-mix concretes, cements, aggregates, and asphalts. Summit Materials Holdings II serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1550 Wynkoop
3rd Floor
Denver, CO 80202
United States


Phone:
1-303-893-0012


Fax:
1-303-893-6993


Web url:
www.summit-materials.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Second Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement - Llc Operating Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement     > SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Second Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement
LLC Operating Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This LLC Operating Agreement involves CORNEJO  SONS, L.L.C. | Continental Cement Company, LLC | Missouri Materials Company, LLC, J  J Midwest Group, LLC, R Michael Johnson Family Limited Liability Company | Summit LLC | Summit Materials Holdings GP, Ltd | Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC | Summit Materials Holdings LP | Summit Materials Intermediate Holdings, LLC | Summit Materials, Inc | Summit Materials, LLC | Summit Materials, Summit LP, Summit GP, Summit Holdings, Summit Materials Holdings, LLC | Summit Owner Holdco LLC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT Date: 9/30/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









 

Exhibit 3.15
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY
COMPANY AGREEMENT
 
OF
 
CONTINENTAL CEMENT COMPANY, L.L.C.
 

This SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT (the “
Agreement”) of Continental Cement Company, L.L.C., a
Delaware limited liability company (the
“Company”), is entered into as of April 7,
2015, by Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company as sole member of, and owner of all the limited
liability company interests in, the Company (the
“Member”).
 

WHEREAS, the Company was formed on
May 3, 2010 by the filing of a Certificate of Formation of the
Company in the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Limited
Liability Company Act (6 Del.C. §18-101, et seq.), as amended
from time to time (the “Act”);
 

WHEREAS, the original Limited
Liability Company Agreement of the Company, dated as of
May 27, 2010, was amended and restated on May 27, 2010
and was further amended on January 26, 2012 (the
“Original Agreement”);
 

WHEREAS, in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the Contribution and Purchase
Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2014 (the
“Purchase Agreement”), between Summit
Materials, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Summit
Materials”), Summit Materials Holdings L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership (“Summit LP”), Summit
Materials Holdings GP, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company
(“Summit GP”), Summit Owner Holdco LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (“Summit
Holdings”), Missouri Materials Company, L.L.C.,
J & J Midwest Group, L.L.C., R. Michael Johnson Family
Limited Liability Company and Thomas A. Beck Family, LLC (each, a
“Minority Holder” and, together, the
“Minority Holders”) and the Company, on
March 17, 2015, the Minority Holders transferred 28,571,429
Class B Units of the Company (the “Class B
Units”) to Summit Holdings and 71,428,571 Class B
Units to Summit LP;
 

WHEREAS, pursuant to the
Contribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 17,
2015 (the “Contribution Agreement”), between
Summit Materials, Summit LP, Summit GP, Summit Holdings, Summit
Materials Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“Summit Materials Holdings”), Summit Materials
Intermediate Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“Summit Intermediate”), Summit Materials, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (“Summit
LLC”), and the Member, Summit Holdings contributed 28,571,429
Class B Units to Summit Materials, which contributed such
Class B Units to Summit LP, and Summit LP contributed
100,000,000 Class B Units to Summit Materials Holdings, which
contributed such Class B Units to Summit Intermediate, which
contributed such Class B Units to Summit LLC, which
contributed such Class B Units to the Member;
 

WHEREAS, as a result of the
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the
Contribution Agreement, the Company is wholly owned by the Member;
and
 
1 






 

WHEREAS, the Member, desires to
amend and restate the Original Agreement under the Act to, among
other things, establish the Company as a member-managed limited
liability company under the Act and reflect that the Member is the
sole member of the Company.
 

NOW, THEREFORE, the Original
Agreement is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as
follows:
 

1.                                 
Name. The name of the Company is “Continental
Cement Company, L.L.C.” or such other name as the Member may
from time to time hereafter designate.
 

2.                                 
Member. Summit Materials Holdings II, LLC (the
“Member”) is the sole member of the
Company.
 

3.                                 
Registered Office and
Agent. The registered
office and registered agent of the Company in the State of Delaware
shall be as the Company designates on its Certificate of Formation
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, as such
Certificate may be amended from time to time. The Company may have
such other offices as the Member may designate from time to time.
The mailing address and principal business office of the Company
shall be 14755 North Outer Forth Drive #514, Chesterfield,
Missouri, 63017.
 

4.                                 
Purpose. The purpose of the Company is to engage in any
and all lawful businesses or activities in which a limited
liability company may be engaged under applicable law.
 

5.                                 
Management.
Management of the Company is vested
exclusively in the Member. The Member shall be authorized to make
all decisions and to take all actions it determines necessary,
advisable or desirable relating to the business, affairs,
investments, and properties of the Company including, without
limitation, the formation of or investment in, such subsidiary or
affiliate companies of the Company as it determines advisable or
desirable.
 

6.                                 
Officers. The Member may delegate its authority to act on
behalf of the Company and to manage the business affairs of the
Company to one or more officers of the Company appointed by the
Member. The Mem


 








 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Team. | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
 
 Team.  





















   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   









News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 













Summit Materials, Llc Summit Materials Finance Corp. $115,000,000 10 1 / 2% Senior Notes Due 2020 - Promissory Note - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Promissory Note     > SUMMIT MATERIALS, LLC SUMMIT MATERIALS FINANCE CORP. $115,000,000 10 1 / 2% Senior Notes due 2020

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Summit Materials, Llc Summit Materials Finance Corp. $115,000,000 10 1 / 2% Senior Notes Due 2020
Promissory Note



You are currently viewing:
 This Promissory Note involves SUMMIT MATERIALS, LLC | ALCOMAT, LLC | ALLEYTON RESOURCE COMPANY, LLC | ALLEYTON SERVICES COMPANY, LLC | AUSTIN MATERIALS, LLC | BB RESOURCES, INC | BOURBON LIMESTONE COMPANY | BUCKHORN MATERIALS, LLC | CONTINENTAL CEMENT COMPANY, LLC | CORNEJO  SONS, LLC | ELAM CONSTRUCTION, INC | Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association | HAMM, INC | HINKLE CONTRACTING COMPANY, LLC | INDUSTRIAL ASPHALT, LLC | KILGORE COMPANIES, LLC | Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner  Smith Incorporated | MO, LLC | NR HAMM CONTRACTOR, LLC | NR HAMM QUARRY, LLC | RK HALL, LLC | SCS MATERIALS, LLC | SUMMIT MATERIALS CORPORATIONS I, INC | SUMMIT MATERIALS FINANCE CORP | SUMMIT MATERIALS HOLDINGS II, LLC | SUMMIT MATERIALS INTERNATIONAL, LLC | TROY VINES, INCORPORATED. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: SUMMIT MATERIALS, LLC SUMMIT MATERIALS FINANCE CORP. $115,000,000 10 1 / 2% Senior Notes due 2020 Governing Law: New York      Date: 9/9/2014 Law Firm: Simpson Thacher;Cahill Gordon      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 4.5

EXECUTION VERSION
 


 


SUMMIT MATERIALS,
LLC

SUMMIT MATERIALS FINANCE
CORP.

$115,000,000 10  1
⁄ 2 % Senior Notes due 2020

REGISTRATION RIGHTS
AGREEMENT

dated September 8,
2014
 


 



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page
 













1.


  


DEFINITIONS


  


 



1


  









2.


  


EXCHANGE
OFFER


  


 



5


  









3.


  


SHELF
REGISTRATION


  


 



9


  









4.


  


ADDITIONAL
INTEREST


  


 



10


  









5.


  


REGISTRATION
PROCEDURES


  


 



12


  









6.


  


REGISTRATION
EXPENSES


  


 



19


  









7.


  


INDEMNIFICATION
AND CONTRIBUTION


  


 



21


  









8.


  


RULES 144 AND
144A


  


 



25


  









9.


  


UNDERWRITTEN
REGISTRATIONS


  


 



25


  









10.


  


MISCELLANEOUS


  


 



25


  




 
-i-


REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT

This Registration Rights Agreement
(this “ Agreement ”) is dated as of
September 8, 2014, and is entered into by and among SUMMIT
MATERIALS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “
Company ”), SUMMIT MATERIALS FINANCE CORP., a Delaware
corporation (“ Finance Corp. ” and, together
with the Company, the “ Issuers ”), each of the
guarantors listed on the signature pages hereto (each, a “
Guarantor ”, and collectively, the “
Guarantors ”) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce,
Fenner & Smith Incorporated as representative (the “
Representative ”) of the several initial purchasers
named on Annex A to the Purchase Agreement referenced below
(collectively, the “ Initial Purchasers
”).

This Agreement is entered into in
connection with the Purchase Agreement, dated as of
September 3, 2014 (the “ Purchase Agreement
”), by and among the Issuers, the Guarantors and the
Representative on behalf of the Initial Purchasers, which provides
for, among other things, the sale by the Issuers to the Initial
Purchasers of $115,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the
Issuers’ 10  1 ⁄ 2 % senior
notes due 2020 (the “ Notes ”). The Notes are
issued under that certain indenture dated as January 30, 2012
(as amended, supplemented, or modified to, and including, the date
hereof, the “ Base Indenture ”), by and among
the Issuers, the Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National
Association, as trustee, and a supplemental indenture, to be dated
as of the date hereof, by and among the Issuers, the Guarantors and
Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the “
Supplemental Indenture ” and, together with the Base
Indenture, the “ Indenture ”). Pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement and the Indenture, the Guarantors are required
to guarantee, on an unsecured senior basis with respect to the
Notes (the “ Guarantees ”), the obligations of
the Issuers and the Guarantors under the Notes and the Indenture.
References to the “ Securities ” shall mean,
collectively, the Notes and the Guarantees. In order to induce the
Initial Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the
Issuers have agreed to provide the registration rights set forth in
this Agreement for the benefit of the Initial Purchasers and,
except as otherwise set forth herein, any subsequent holder or
holders of the Securities on the terms, and subject to the
conditions, set forth herein. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement is a condition to the Initial Purchasers’
obligations under the Purchase Agreement.

The parties hereby agree as
follows:

1. Definitions

As used in this Agreement, the
following terms shall have the following meanings:

Additional Interest
: See Section 4(a)
hereof.

Advice : See the last paragraph of Section 5
hereof.

Agreement : See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Applicable Period
: See Section 2(b)
hereof.

Board : See Section 3(a) hereof.



Business Day
: Shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in Rule 14d-1(g)(3) under the Exchange Act.

Company : See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Effectiveness Date
: With respect to any Shelf
Registration Statement, the 90th day after the Filing Date with
respect thereto; provided , however , that if the
Effectiveness Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a
Business Day, then the Effectiveness Date shall be the next
succeeding Business Day.

Effectiveness Period
: See Section 3(a)
hereof.

Exchange Act
: The Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC
promulgated thereunder.

Exchange Notes
: See Section 2(a)
hereof.

Exchange Notes
Guarantees : See
Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Offer
: See Section 2(a)
hereof.

Exchange Offer Registration
Statement : See
Section 2(a) hereof.

Exchange Securities
: See Section 2(a)
hereof.

Existing Exchange
Securities : the 10
 1 ⁄ 2 % Senior Notes due 2020 and
the related guarantees thereto, of the same series under the
Indenture as the Existing Securities without restrictive legends or
transfer restrictions, that were issued to Holders of the Existing
Securities in an exchange offer pursuant to the Existing
Registration Rights Agreements.

Existing Registration Rights
Agreements : the
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2012 by
and among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated, as representatives of the several initial purchasers,
together with the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of
January 17, 2014 by and among the Issuers, the Guarantors and
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as
representative of the several initial purchasers.

Existing Securities
: the $250,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of 10  1 ⁄ 2 %
Senior Notes due 2020 and the related guarantees thereto issued by
the Issuers on January 30, 2012 under the Indenture, together
with the $260,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 10
 1 ⁄ 2 % Senior Notes due 2020 and
the related guarantees thereto issued by the Issuers on
January 17, 2014 under the Indenture, of which $510,000,000
aggregate principal amount remain outstanding as of the date
hereof.

Filing Date
: The 90th day after the delivery of
a Shelf Notice as required pursuant to Section 2(c) hereof;
provided , however , that if the Filing Date would
otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then the Filing
Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day.
 
-2-



Finance Corp.
: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

FINRA : See Section 5(r) hereof.

Guarantees
: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Guarantors
: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Holder : Any holder of a Registrable Security or
Registrable Securities, including, where applicable, each
Participating Broker-Dealer.

Indenture : See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Information
: See Section 5(n)
hereof.

Initial Purchasers
: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Initial Shelf
Registration : See
Section 3(a) hereof.

Inspectors
: See Section 5(n)
hereof.

Issue Date
: September 8, 2014, the date
of original issuance of the Notes.

Issuers : See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Notes : See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.

Participant
: See Section 7(a)
hereof.

Participating
Broker-Dealer : See
Section 2(b) hereof.

Person : An individual, trustee, corporation,
partnership, limited liability company, joint stock company, trust,
unincorporated association, union, business association, firm or
other legal entity.

Private Exchange
: See Section 2(b)
hereof.

Private Exchange Notes
: See Section 2(b)
hereof.

Prospectus
: The prospectus included in any
Registration Statement (including, without limitation, any
prospectus subject to completion and a prospectus that includes any
information previously omitted from a prospectus filed as part of
an effective registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A or
430C under the Securities Act), as amended or supplemented by any
prospectus supplement, and all other amendments and supplements to
the Prospectus, including post-effective amendments, and all
material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated by
reference in such Prospectus.

Purchase Agreement
: See the introductory paragraphs
hereof.
 
-3-



Records : See Section 5(n) hereof.

Registrable Securities
: Each Security upon its original
issuance and at all times subsequent thereto, each Exchange
Security as to which Section 2(c)(iv) hereof is applicable
upon original issuance and at all times subsequent thereto and each
Private Exchange Note (and the related Guarantees) upon original
issuance thereof and at all times subsequent thereto, until, in
each case, the earliest to occur of (i) a Registration
Statement (other than, with respect to any Exchange Securities as
to which Section 2(c)(iv) hereof is applicable, the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement) covering such Security, Exchange
Security or Private Exchange Note (and the related Guarantees) has
been declared effective by the SEC and such Security, Exchange
Security or such Private Exchange Note (and the related
Guarantees), as the case may be, has been disposed of in accordance
with such effective Registration Statement, (ii) such Security
has been exchanged pursuant to the Exchange Offer for an Exchange
Security or Exchange Securities that may be resold without
restriction under state and federal securities laws,
(iii) such Security, Exchange Security or Private Exchange
Note (and the related Guarantees), as the case may be, ceases to be
outstanding for purposes of the Indenture, (iv) the later of
(x) the date which is two years after the date such Security
originally issued and (y) the date upon which such Security,
Exchange Security or Private Exchange Note (and the related
Guarantees), as the case may be, has been resold in compliance with
Rule 144, provided that such Security, Exchange Security or
Private Exchange Note (and the related Guarantees) does not bear
any restrictive legend relating to the Securities Act and does not
bear a restricted CUSIP number or (v) the Exchange Offer is
consummated and such Security (x) is not a Security as to
which a valid request for a Private Exchange has been timely
delivered to the Issuers and (y) was not validly tendered in
and not withdrawn from the Exchange Offer at the time of the
consummation thereof.

Registration Default
: See Section 4(a)
hereof.

Registration Statement
: Any registration statement of the
Issuers that covers any of the Securities, the Exchange Securities
or the Private Exchange Notes (and the related Guarantees) filed
with the SEC under the Securities Act, including, in each case, the
Prospectus, amendments and supplements to such registration
statement, including post-effective amendments, all exhibits, and
all material incorporated by reference or deemed to be incorporated
by reference in such registration statement.

Rule 144 : Rule 144 under the Securities Act.

Rule 144A : Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

Rule 405 : Rule 405 under the Securities Act.

Rule 415 : Rule 415 under the Securities Act.

Rule 424 : Rule 424 under the Securities Act.

SEC : The U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Securities
: See the introductory paragraphs
hereto.
 
-4-



Securities Act
: The Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder.

Shelf Notice
: See Section 2(c)
hereof.

Shelf Registration
: See Section 3(b)
hereof.

Shelf Registration
Statement : Any
Registration Statement relating to a Shelf Registration.

Shelf Suspension
Period : See
Section 3(a) hereof.

Subsequent Shelf
Registration : See
Section 3(b) hereof.

TIA : The Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as
amended.

Trustee : The trustee under the Indenture and the
trustee under any indenture (if different) governing the Exchange
Securities and Private Exchange Notes (and the related
Guarantees).

underwritten registration or
underwritten offering : A
registration in which securities of the Issuers are sold to an
underwriter for reoffering to the public.

Except as otherwise specifically
provided, all references in this Agreement to acts, laws, statutes,
rules, regulations, releases, forms, no-action letters and other
regulatory requirements (collectively, “ Regulatory
Requirements ”) shall be deemed to refer also to any
amendments thereto and all subsequent Regulatory Requirements
adopted as a replacement thereto having substantially the same
effect therewith.

2. Exchange Offer

(a) Unless the Exchange Offer would
violate applicable law or any applicable interpretation of the
staff of the SEC, each of the Issuers and the Guarantors shall use
their respective commercially reasonable efforts to file with the
SEC one or more Registration Statements (each, an “
Exchange Offer Registration Statement ”) on an
appropriate registration form with respect to a registered offer
(the “ Exchange Offer ”) to exchange any and all
of the Registrable Securities for a like aggregate principal amount
of debt securities of the applicable series of the Issuers (such
debt securities, the “ Exchange Notes ”),
guaranteed, to the extent applicable, on an unsecured senior basis
by the Guarantors, (the “ Exchange Notes Guarantees
” and, together with the Exchange Notes, the “
Exchange Securities ”), that are substantially
identical in all material respects to the Notes except that the
Exchange Notes (i) shall contain no restrictive legend
thereon, (ii) interest thereon shall accrue from (A) the
later of (x) the last date on which interest was paid on such
Notes or (y) if such Notes are surrendered for exchange on a
date in a period that includes the record date for an interest
payment date to occur on or after the date of such exchange and as
to which interest will be paid, the date of such interest payment
date or (B) if no such interest has been paid, from the Issue
Date and (iii) shall be entitled to the benefits of the
Indenture or a trust indenture which is identical in all material
respects to the Indenture (other than such changes to the Indenture
or any such identical trust indenture as are necessary to
comply
 
-5-


with the TIA) and which, in either case, has
been qualified under the TIA. The Exchange Offer shall comply with
all applicable tender offer rules and regulations under the
Exchange Act and other applicable laws. The Issuers and the
Guarantors shall use their respective commercially reasonable
efforts to (x) prepare and file with the SEC the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement with respect to the Exchange Offer and
cause the Exchange Offer Registration Statement to be declared
effective under the Securities Act; (y) keep the Exchange
Offer open for at least 20 Business Days (or longer if required by
applicable law) after the date that notice of the Exchange Offer is
sent to Holders; and (z) consummate the Exchange Offer on or
prior to the 270th day following the Issue Date (or if such 270th
day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business
Day).

Each Holder (including, without
limitation, each Participating Broker-Dealer) that participates in
the Exchange Offer, as a condition to participation in the Exchange
Offer, will be required to represent to the Issuers in writing
(which may be contained in the applicable letter of transmittal)
substantially to the effect that: (i) any Exchange Securities
acquired in exchange for Registrable Securities tendered are being
acquired in the ordinary course of business of the Person receiving
such Exchange Securities, whether or not such recipient is such
Holder itself; (ii) at the time of the commencement or
consummation of the Exchange Offer neither such Holder nor, to the
actual knowledge of such Holder, any other Person receiving
Exchange Securities from such Holder has an arrangement or
understanding with any Person to participate in the distribution
(within the meaning of the Securities Act) of the Exchange
Securities in violation of the provisions of the Securities Act;
(iii) neither the Holder nor, to the knowledge of such Holder,
any other Person receiving Exchange Securities from such Holder is
an “affiliate” (as defined in Rule 405) of either
Issuer or any Guarantor or, if it is an affiliate of either Issuer
or any Guarantor, it will comply with the registration and
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act to the
extent applicable and will provide information to be included in
the Shelf Registration Statement in accordance with Section 5
hereof in order to have their Securities included in the Shelf
Registration Statement and benefit from provisions regarding
Additional Interest in Section 4 hereof; (iv) if such
Holder is not a broker-dealer, neither such Holder nor, to the
knowledge of such Holder, any other Person receiving Exchange
Securities from such Holder is engaging in or intends to engage in
a distribution of the Exchange Securities; and (v) if such
Holder is a Participating Broker-Dealer, such Holder has acquired
the Registrable Securities for its own account in exchange for
Securities that were acquired as a result of market-making
activities or other trading activities and that it will comply with
the applicable provisions of the Securities Act (including, but not
limited to, the prospectus delivery requirements
thereunder).

Upon consummation of the Exchange
Offer in accordance with this Section 2, the provisions of
this Agreement shall continue to apply, mutatis mutandis ,
solely with respect to Registrable Securities that are Private
Exchange Notes (and the related Guarantees), Exchange Securities as
to which Section 2(c)(iv) hereof is applicable and Exchange
Securities held by Participating Broker-Dealers, and the Issuers
and the Guarantors shall have no further obligation to register
Registrable Securities (other than Private Exchange Notes (and the
related Guarantees) and Exchange Securities as to which clause
2(c)(iv) hereof applies) pursuant to Section 3
hereof.

(b) The Issuers shall include within
the Prospectus contained in the Exchange Offer Registration
Statement a section entitled “Plan of Distribution,”
which shall contain a summary statement of the positions taken or
policies made by the staff of the SEC with respect
 
-6-


to the potential “underwriter”
status of any broker-dealer that is the “beneficial
owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of
Exchange Notes received by such broker-dealer in the Exchange Offer
(a “ Participating Broker-Dealer ”), whether
such positions or policies have been publicly disseminated by the
staff of the SEC or such positions or policies represent the
prevailing views of the staff of the SEC. Such “Plan of
Distribution” section shall also expressly permit, to the
extent permitted by applicable policies and regulations of the SEC,
the use of the Prospectus by all Participating Broker-Dealers, and
include a statement describing the means by which Participating
Broker-Dealers may resell the Exchange Securities in compliance
with the Securities Act.

Each of the Issuers and the
Guarantors shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep
the Exchange Offer Registration Statement effective and to amend
and supplement the Prospectus contained therein in order to permit
such Prospectus to be lawfully delivered by all Persons subject to
the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act for such
period of time as is necessary to comply with applicable law in
connection with any resale of the Exchange Securities;
provided , however , that such period shall not be
required to exceed 90 days after the date on which the Exchange
Offer Registration Statement is declared effective, such period as
extended, if at all, pursuant to the last paragraph of
Section 5 hereof (the “ Applicable Period
”).

If, immediately prior to
consummation of the Exchange Offer, the Initial Purchasers hold any
Notes acquired by them that have the status of an unsold allotment
in the initial distribution, the Issuers, upon the written request
of the Initial Purchasers or any such Holders, as the case may be,
shall simultaneously with the delivery of the Exchange Notes issue
and deliver to the Initial Purchasers, in exchange (the “
Private Exchange ”) for such Notes held by any such
Initial Purchaser, a like principal amount of notes (the “
Private Exchange Notes ”) of the Issuers, guaranteed
by the Guarantors, that are identical in all material respects to
the Exchange Notes except for the placement of a restrictive legend
on such Private Exchange Notes. The Private Exchange Notes shall be
issued pursuant to the same indenture as the Exchange Notes and
bear the same CUSIP number as the Exchange Notes if permitted by
the CUSIP Service Bureau.

In connection with the Exchange
Offer, the Issuers and the Guarantors shall:

(1) mail, or cause to be mailed, to
each Holder of record entitled to participate in the Exchange Offer
a copy of the Prospectus forming part of the Exchange Offer
Registration Statement, together with an appropriate letter of
transmittal and related documents;

(2) use their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Exchange Offer open for
not less than 20 Business Days (or longer if required by applicable
law) after the date that notice of the Exchange Offer is sent to
Holders;

(3) utilize the services of a
depositary for the Exchange Offer with an address in the Borough of
Manhattan, The City of New York or in Wilmington,
Delaware;
 
-7-



(4) permit Holders to withdraw
tendered Notes at any time prior to the close of business, New York
time, on the last Business Day on which the Exchange Offer remains
open; and

(5) otherwise comply in all material
respects with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the
Exchange Offer.

As soon as practicable after the
close of the Exchange Offer and any Private Exchange, the Issuers
and the Guarantors shall:

(1) accept for exchange all
Registrable Securities validly tendered and not validly withdrawn
pursuant to the Exchange Offer and any Private Exchange;

(2) deliver to the Trustee for
cancellation all Registrable Securities so accepted for exchange;
and

(3) cause the Trustee to
authenticate and deliver promptly to each Holder of Notes, Exchange
Notes or Private Exchange Notes, as the case may be, equal in
principal amount to the Notes of such Holder so accepted for
exchange; provided that, in the case of any Notes held in
global form by a depositary, authentication and delivery to such
depositary of one or more replacement Notes in global form in an
equivalent principal amount thereto for the account of such Holders
in accordance with the Indenture shall satisfy such authentication
and delivery requirement.

The Exchange Offer and the Private
Exchange shall not be subject to any conditions, other than that
(i) the Exchange Offer or Private Exchange, as the case may
be, does not violate applicable law or any applicable
interpretation of the staff of the SEC; (ii) no action or
proceeding shall have been instituted or threatened in any court or
by any governmental agency which might materially impair the
ability of the Issuers to proceed with the Exchange Offer or the
Private Exchange, and no material adverse development shall have
occurred in any existing action or proceeding with respect to the
Issuers and the Guarantors; (iii) all governmental approvals
shall have been obtained, which approvals the Issuers deem
necessary for the consummation of the Exchange Offer or Private
Exchange and (iv) the Holders shall have satisfied customary
conditions relating to the delivery of the Exchange Securities and
the Private Exchange Notes (and related guarantees) and the
execution and delivery of customary documentation relating to the
Exchange Offer or Private Exchanges as applicable.

The Exchange Securities and the
Private Exchange Notes (and related guarantees) shall be issued
under (i) the Indenture or (ii) an indenture
substantially identical in all material respects to the Indenture
and which, in either case, has been qualified under the TIA or is
exempt from such qualification and shall provide that the Exchange
Securities shall not be subject to the transfer restrictions set
forth in the Indenture. The Indenture or such other indenture shall
provide that the Exchange Notes, the Private Exchange Notes and the
Notes shall vote and consent together on all matters as one class
and that none of the Exchange Notes, the Private Exchange Notes or
the Notes will have the right to vote or consent as a separate
class on any matter.
 
-8-



(c) If, (i) because of any
change in law or in currently prevailing interpretations of the
staff of the SEC, the Issuers or the Guarantors are not permitted
to consummate the Exchange Offer within 270 days of the Issue Date,
(ii) the Exchange Offer is not consummated within 270 days of
the Issue Date, (iii) any holder of Private Exchange Notes so
requests in writing to the Issuers at any time within 30 days after
the consummation of the Exchange Offer, (iv) in the case of
any Holder that participates in the Exchange Offer, such Holder
does not receive Exchange Securities on the date of the exchange
that may be sold without restriction under state and federal
securities laws (other than due solely to the status of such Holder
as an affiliate of either Issuer or any Guarantor within the
meaning of the Securities Act) or (v) any Initial Purchaser so
requests with respect to the Securities or the Private Exchange
Notes (and related guarantees) that have the status of unsold
allotments in an initial distribution and so notifies the Issuers
within 30 days after such Initial Purchaser or such Holder, as the
case may be, first becomes aware of such status (but in any event
(x) no earlier than the date upon which the Exchange Offer
Registration Statement is declared effective and (y) no later
than 30 days after the consummation of the Exchange Offer), in the
case of each of clauses (i) through and including (v) of
this sentence, then the Issuers and the Guarantors shall promptly
deliver to the Trustee (to deliver to the Holders) written notice
thereof (the “ Shelf Notice ”) and shall file a
Shelf Registration pursuant to Section 3 hereof.

3. Shelf
Registration

If at any time a Shelf Notice is
delivered as contemplated by Section 2(c) hereof,
then:

(a) Shelf Registration . The
Issuers and the Guarantors shall promptly file with the SEC a
Registration Statement for an offering to be made on a continuous
basis pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of the Registrable
Securities (the “ Initial Shelf Registration ”).
The Issuers and the Guarantors shall use their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC the Initial
Shelf Registration on or prior to the Filing Date. The Initial
Shelf Registration shall be on Form S-1 or another appropriate form
permitting registration of such Registrable Securities for resale
by Holders in the manner or manners designated by them (including,
without limitation, one or more underwritten offerings).

The Issuers and the Guarantors shall
use their respective commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
Shelf Registration to be declared effective under the Securities
Act on or prior to the Effectiveness Date and to keep the Initial
Shelf Registration continuously effective under the Securities Act
until the earliest of (i) 360 days after the date that the
Shelf Registration Statement is declared effective, (ii) the
date on which all Registrable Securities covered by the Initial
Shelf Registration have been sold in the manner set forth and as
contemplated in the Initial Shelf Registration or, if applicable, a
Subsequent Shelf Registration or (iii) the date on which all
Registrable Securities have been otherwise sold (the “
Effectiveness Period ”); provided ,
however , that the Effectiveness Period in respect of the
Initial Shelf Registration shall be extended to the extent required
to permit dealers to comply with the applicable prospectus delivery
requirements of Rule 174 under the Securities Act and as otherwise
provided herein. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, at any time, the Issuers may delay the filing of any
Initial Shelf Registration Statement or delay or suspend the
effectiveness thereof, for a reasonable period of time, but not in
excess of 60 consecutive days or more than three (3) times
during any calendar year (each, a “ Shelf Suspension
Period ”), if the Board of Directors of each Issuer or a
similar governing body of any parent company of the either Issuer
(each, a “ Board ”)
 
-9-


determines reasonably and in good faith that the
filing of any such Initial Shelf Registration or the continuing
effectiveness thereof would require the disclosure of non-public
material information that, in the reasonable judgment of such
Board, would be detrimental to either Issuer if so disclosed or
would otherwise materially adversely affect a financing,
acquisition, disposition, merger or other material transaction or
such action is required by applicable law.

(b) Withdrawal of Stop Orders;
Subsequent Shelf Registrations . If the Initial Shelf
Registration or any Subsequent Shelf Registration ceases to be
effective for any reason at any time during the Effectiveness
Period (other than in the case of Shelf Suspension Period(s)
permitted by this Agreement and other than because of the sale of
all of the Securities registered thereunder), the Issuers and the
Guarantors shall use their respective commercially reasonable
efforts to obtain the prompt withdrawal of any order suspending the
effectiveness thereof, and in any event shall file an additional
Shelf Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 415 covering all of
the Registrable Securities covered by and not sold under the
Initial Shelf Registration or an earlier Subsequent Shelf
Registration (each, a “ Subsequent Shelf Registration
”). If a Subsequent Shelf Registration is filed, the Issuers
and the Guarantors shall use their respective commercially
reasonable efforts to cause the Subsequent Shelf Registration to be
declared effective under the Securities Act as soon as practicable
after such filing and to keep such subsequent Shelf Registration
continuously effective for a period equal to the number of days in
the Effectiveness Period less the aggregate number of days during
which the Initial Shelf Registration or any Subsequent Shelf
Registration was previously continuously effective. As used herein,
the term “ Shelf Registration ” means the
Initial Shelf Registration and any Subsequent Shelf
Registration.

(c) Supplements and
Amendments . The Issuers and the Guarantors shall promptly
supplement and/or amend the Shelf Registration if required by the
rules, regulations or instructions applicable to the registration
form used for such Shelf Registration, if required by the
Securities Act, or if reasonably requested by the Holders of a
majority in aggregate principal amount of the Registrable
Securities (or their counsel) covered by such Registration
Statement with respect to the information included therein with
respect to one or more of such Holders, or, if reasonably requested
by any underwriter of such Registrable Securities, with respect to
the information included therein with respect to such
underwriter.

4. Additional
Interest

(a) The Issuers, the Guarantors and
the Initial Purchasers agree that the Holders will suffer damages
if the Issuers and the Guarantors fail to fulfill their obligations
under Section 2 or Section 3 hereof, as further specified
in this Section 4 (each, a “ Registration Default
”), and that it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent
of such damages with precision. Accordingly, the Issuers and the
Guarantors agree to pay, jointly and severally, as liquidated
damages, additional interest to the Holders of the Notes affected
thereby (“ Additional Interest ”) if
(A) the Issuers and the Guarantors have neither
(i) exchanged Exchange Securities for all Securities validly
tendered in accordance with the terms of the Exchange Offer nor
(ii) if applicable, had a Shelf Registration Statement
declared effective, in either case on or prior to the 270th day
after the Issue Date, (B) notwithstanding clause (A), the
Issuers and the Guarantors are required to file a Shelf
Registration Statement and such Shelf Registration Statement is not
declared effective on or prior to the Effectiveness Date or (C), if
applicable, a Shelf Registration Statement has been declared
effective and such Shelf Registration Statement ceases to be
effective at any time during
 
-10-


the Effectiveness Period (other than because of
the sale of all of the Securities registered thereunder). Such
Additional Interest shall accrue on the principal amount of the
Notes then outstanding affected thereby (but, following the
consummation of the Exchange Offer, only on the principal amount of
such Notes that could not be exchanged or were not exchanged as
specified in Section 2(c) hereof) at a rate of 0.25% per
annum for the first 90-day period (which rate will be increased by
an additional 0.25% per annum for each subsequent 90-day
period that such Additional Interest continues to accrue,
provided that the rate at which such Additional Interest
accrues may in no event exceed 1.00% per annum) (such
Additional Interest to be calculated by the Issuers) commencing on
the (x) 271st day after the Issue Date in the case of
(A) above, (y) the Effectiveness Date in the case of
(B) above, or (z) the day on which such Shelf
Registration Statement ceases to be effective in the case of
(C) above; provided , however , that upon the
exchange of the Exchange Securities for all Securities validly
tendered (in the case of clause (A)(i) of this Section 4),
upon the effectiveness of the applicable Shelf Registration
Statement (in the case of clause (A)(ii) and clause (B) of
this Section 4(a)), or upon the effectiveness of the
applicable Shelf Registration Statement which had ceased to remain
effective (in the case of clause (C) of this Section 4),
Additional Interest on the Notes in respect of which such events
relate as a result of such clause (or the relevant subclause
thereof), as the case may be, shall cease to accrue.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 4, the
Issuers and the Guarantors shall not be obligated to pay Additional
Interest provided in Section 4(a)(A)(ii) or 4(a)(C) hereof
during a Shelf Suspension Period permitted by Section 3(a)
hereof. The obligation of the Issuers and the Guarantors to pay
Additional Interest as set forth in this Section 4 shall be
the sole and exclusive monetary remedy of the Holders and
Participating Broker-Dealers for any Registration Default.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) the
amount of Additional Interest payable shall not increase because
more than one Registration Default has occurred and is continuing
and (ii) a Holder or Participating Broker-Dealer that is not
entitled to the benefits of the Shelf Registration shall not be
entitled to Additional Interest with respect to any Registration
Default that pertains to the Shelf Registration.

(b) The Issuers shall notify the
Trustee within five Business Days after the occurrence of a
Registration Default in respect of which Additional Interest is
required to be paid. Any amounts of Additional Interest due
pursuant to clause (a) of this Section 4 will be payable
in cash semiannually on each January 31 and July 31 (to
the holders of record on the January 15 and July 15
immediately preceding such dates), in each case commencing with the
first such date occurring after any such Additional Interest
commences to accrue. The amount of Additional Interest will be
determined by the Issuers by multiplying the applicable Additional
Interest rate by the principal amount of the Registrable Securities
affected by the Registration Default, multiplied by a fraction, the
numerator of which is the number of days such Additional Interest
rate was applicable during such period (determined on the basis of
a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and, in the case
of a partial month, the actual number of days elapsed), and the
denominator of which is 360.

(c) For the avoidance of doubt and
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no
Additional Interest will be owed in respect of any Existing
Securities.
 
-11-



5. Registration
Procedures

In connection with the filing of any
Registration Statement pursuant to Section 2 or 3 hereof, the
Issuers and the Guarantors shall use their respective commercially
reasonable efforts to effect such registrations to permit the sale
of the securities covered thereby in accordance with the intended
method or methods of disposition thereof, and pursuant thereto and
in connection with any Registration Statement filed by the Issuers
and the Guarantors hereunder the Issuers and the Guarantors
shall:

(a) Use their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to prepare and file with the SEC, a
Registration Statement or Registration Statements as prescribed by
Section 2 or 3 hereof, and use their respective commercially
reasonable efforts to cause each such Registration Statement to
become effective and remain effective as provided herein;
provided , however , that if (1) such filing is
pursuant to Section 3 hereof or (2) a Prospectus
contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement filed
pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under
the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to
sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period relating
thereto from whom the Issuers have received prior written notice
that it will be a Participating Broker-Dealer in the Exchange
Offer, before filing any Registration Statement or Prospectus or
any amendments or supplements thereto, the Issuers and the
Guarantors shall furnish to and afford counsel for the Holders of
the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
(with respect to a Registration Statement filed pursuant to
Section 3 hereof), which shall be a single firm and which
shall be Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP or such other firm
selected by the Holders holding a majority in principal amount of
the Registrable Securities covered by such Registration Statement
or counsel for such Participating Broker-Dealer (with respect to
any such Registration Statement), as the case may be, and counsel
to the managing underwriters, if any, a reasonable opportunity to
review copies of all such documents (including copies of any
documents to be incorporated by reference therein and all exhibits
thereto) proposed to be filed (in each case at least three Business
Days prior to such filing). The Issuers and the Guarantors shall
not file any Registration Statement or Prospectus or any amendments
or supplements thereto if the Holders of a majority in aggregate
principal amount of the Registrable Securities covered by such
Registration Statement, or any such Participating Broker-Dealer, as
the case may be, their counsel, or the managing underwriters, if
any, shall reasonably object.

(b) Prepare and file with the SEC
such amendments and post-effective amendments to each Shelf
Registration Statement or Exchange Offer Registration Statement, as
the case may be, as may be necessary to keep such Registration
Statement continuously effective for the Effectiveness Period, the
Applicable Period or until consummation of the Exchange Offer, as
the case may be; cause the related Prospectus to be supplemented by
any Prospectus supplement required by applicable law, and as so
supplemented to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; and comply with the
provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act applicable to
them with respect to the disposition of all securities covered by
such Registration Statement as so amended or in such Prospectus as
so supplemented and with respect to the subsequent resale of any
securities being sold by a Participating Broker-Dealer covered by
any such Prospectus in all material respects. The Issuers and the
Guarantors shall be deemed not to have used their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to keep a Registration Statement
effective if they voluntarily take any action that is reasonably
expected to result in selling Holders of the Registrable Securities
covered thereby or Participating Broker-Dealers seeking to sell
Exchange Securities not being able to sell such Registrable
Securities or such Exchange Securities during that period unless
such action is required by applicable law or permitted by this
Agreement.
 
-12-



(c) If (1) a Shelf Registration
is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof or (2) a Prospectus
contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement filed
pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under
the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to
sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period relating
thereto from whom the Issuers have received written notice that it
will be a Participating Broker-Dealer in the Exchange Offer, notify
the selling Holders of Registrable Securities (with respect to a
Registration Statement filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof), or
each such Participating Broker-Dealer (with respect to any such
Registration Statement), as the case may be, their counsel and the
managing underwriters, if any, promptly (but in any event within
three Business Days), and confirm such notice in writing,
(i) when a Prospectus or any Prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment has been filed, and, with respect to a
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment, when the
same has become effective under the Securities Act (including in
such notice a written statement that any Holder may, upon request,
obtain, at the sole expense of the Issuers, one conformed copy of
such Registration Statement or post-effective amendment including
financial statements and schedules, documents incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference and exhibits), (ii) of
the issuance by the SEC of any stop order suspending the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement or of any order
preventing or suspending the use of any preliminary prospectus or
the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose, (iii) if
at any time when a prospectus is required by the Securities Act to
be delivered in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities
or resales of Exchange Securities by Participating Broker-Dealers,
any of the representations and warranties of the Issuers and the
Guarantors contained in any agreement (including any underwriting
agreement) contemplated by Section 5(m) hereof cease to be
true and correct in all material respects, (iv) of the receipt
by the Issuers and the Guarantors of any notification with respect
to the suspension of the qualification or exemption from
qualification of a Registration Statement or any of the Registrable
Securities or the Exchange Securities to be sold by any
Participating Broker-Dealer for offer or sale in any jurisdiction,
or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such
purpose, (v) of the happening of any event, the existence of
any condition or any information becoming known that makes any
statement made in such Registration Statement or related Prospectus
or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein
by reference untrue in any material respect or that requires the
making of any changes in or amendments or supplements to such
Registration Statement, Prospectus or document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated therein by reference so that, in the case
of the Registration Statement or any document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference, it will not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, and that in the case of the
Prospectus or any document incorporated or deemed to be
incorporated by reference, it will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in
the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, and (vi) of the Issuers’ determination that
a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be
appropriate.

(d) Use their respective
commercially reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any
order suspending the effectiveness of a Registration Statement or
of any order preventing or suspending the use of a Prospectus or
suspending the qualification (or exemption from qualification) of
any of the Registrable Securities or the Exchange Securities to be
sold by any Participating Broker-Dealer, for sale in any
jurisdiction, and, if any such order is issued, to use their
commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal of any
such order as soon as possible.
 
-13-



(e) If (1) a Shelf Registration
is filed pursuant to Section 3 hereof or (2) a Prospectus
contained in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement filed
pursuant to Section 2 hereof is required to be delivered under
the Securities Act by any Participating Broker-Dealer who seeks to
sell Exchange Securities during the Applicable Period and if
requested during the Effectiveness Period by the managing
underwriter or underwriters (if any), the Holders of a majority in
aggregate principal amount of the Registrable Securities being sold
in connection with an underwritten offering or any Participating
Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, (i) as promptly as
practicable incorporate in a prospectus supplement or
post-effective amendment such information as the managing
underwriter or underwriters (if any), such Holders or any
Participating Broker-Dealer, as the case may be, or counsel for
eith


 








 





















Aggregate Companies | Summit Materials
































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials












Bound Strong.Essential materials, endless possibilities. Let's build.Learn more















See What We Do.



 
 
 Aggregates  

 
 
 Cement  

 
 
 Ready-Mix  

 
 
 Asphalt  

 
 
 Paving Construction  








News



 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  

 Summit Materials Announces Pricing Of $300 Million Of 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Explore Our Reach.
View Location Map 







Meet Our Family.


 
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
 


















Top Building Materials Companies | Aggregates | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Companies.











Summit Materials is a family of companies working to build great things.Summit Materials was formed to acquire and grow established, successful construction materials businesses, creating a whole greater than the sum of its parts. Summit increases value within its companies through its “Best of Both Worlds” approach to autonomy.
 










Explore Our Reach.
View Location Map 













Local Business.
By maintaining local business identity and integrity, we empower owner/operators and enhance entrepreneurial spirit.
 
Leveraging Scale.
Additionally, we capture the benefits of scale by leveraging best practices and by sharing information between our companies.






   

   

   



   

   

   



   

   

   



   

   

   



   
















News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 













LLC Operating Agreement, LLC Operating Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 137)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > LLC Operating Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>




 Legal professionals use RealDealDocs to gather competitive intelligence, draft documents and to find specific information about transactions within a particular industry or sector, and you can too. These are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. You can view sample LLC operating contracts or download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs. We have thousands of sample LLC operating agreements, and millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free. Finding relevant agreements to use in your own work no longer has to be difficult, confusing or expensive. The many sample LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs have been drafted by top law firms from across the United States and around the world, and they can save you or your company valuable time and money when you need a reliable LLC operating contract or template in a hurry. Benefit from the work of those that have gone before you, and leverage the efforts and thinking of the best lawyers from the top law firms and Fortune 500 companies, without all the hassle or expense. Download LLC operating agreements from RealDealDocs today for the quick and easy way to use millions of legal agreements and clauses from top law firms across the US and around the world to your advantage. To view any of the sample LLC operating contracts below, simply click on its title. For advanced search click here. 



LLC Operating Agreements 





	These LLC Operating Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND LLC | TRILINC ADVISORS, LLC | TRILINC GLOBAL IMPACT FUND, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) THE SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AND MEMBER CONTROL AGREEMENT OF GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLCParties: GRANITE FALLS ENERGY, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
3) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SPARTAN MERGER SUB 2, LLCParties: SURGICAL CARE AFFILIATES, INC. | Spartan Merger Sub 2, LLC | UNITEDHEALTH GROUP INCORPORATED 
								
								Document Date: 3/24/2017

4) AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLCParties: CENTENNIAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT, INC. | Centennial Resource Development, Inc | CENTENNIAL RESOURCE PRODUCTION, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF GK SERVICES, LLCParties: GK SERVICES INC | Cintas Corporation | GK Services, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Minnesota
6) AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO THE AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC AUTHORIZING SERIES C CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED UNITSParties: SHEPHERD'S FINANCE, LLC | Investor's Mark Acquisitions, LLC | SK Funding, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/21/2017

7) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
8) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
10) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) FIRST AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE STYRENE LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | Westlake Chemical Holdings, Inc | Westlake Chemical Investments, Inc | Westlake Olefins Corporation | WESTLAKE STYRENE LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF LAGOON LLCParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Lagoon LLC | Westlake Chemical Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) AMENDMENT TO LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: WESTLAKE CHEMICAL INVESTMENTS, INC. | Westlake Building Products, Inc | Westlake NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
14) LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF WESTLAKE NG V LLCParties: WESTLAKE MANAGEMENT SERVICES, INC. | WESTECH BUILDING PRODUCTS, INC | WESTLAKE NG V LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
15) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

16) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
17) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
18) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
19) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
20) Limited Liability Company Agreement of Donnelley Financial, LLCParties: DONNELLEY FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS, INC. | DF LLC | Donnelley Financial, LLC | R R Donnelley  Sons Company 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
21) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
22) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
23) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
24) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
25) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

26) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR A, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
27) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
28) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
29) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR C, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | AVR C, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
30) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
31) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
32) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC, a Utah limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES CONSTRUCTION, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED UNIFORM LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

33) AMENDED  RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN TOWNHOMES , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN TOWNHOMES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
34) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR AVR B, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | AVR B, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
35) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | UTAH REVISED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

36) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | CLAREMONT RANCH, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
37) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

38) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT LANDMARK , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | LANDMARK, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
39) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | OBSERVATORY HEIGHTS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
40) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR THE RETREAT AT RIDGEGATE LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | RIDGEGATE, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
41) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | WESTOWN CONDOMINIUMS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
42) OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES OF UTAH, LLCParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | Century Communities, Inc | Utah Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company | UTAH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

43) OPERATING AGREEMENTParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES SOUTHEAST, LLC | Its Manager, CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
44) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR CENTURY AT STERLING RANCH, LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: CENTRAL PARK ROWHOMES, LLC | CENTURY LAND HOLDINGS, LLC | HORIZON BUILDING SERVICES, LLC | STERLING RANCH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
45) OPERATING AGREEMENT FOR HOMETOWN SOUTH , LLC, a Colorado limited liability companyParties: RESERVE AT HIGHPOINTE ESTATES, LLC | CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC | HOMETOWN SOUTH, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
46) Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC UNDERWRITING AGREEMENT March 6, 2017Parties: BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC | JP Morgan Securities LLC | Morgan Stanley  Co LLC | Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 
								Law Firm: Cravath Swaine;Baker Botts
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
48) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM SOUTH TEXAS, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
49) MRC P ERMIAN LKE C OMPANY , LLC LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC | LONGWOOD GATHERING AND DISPOSAL SYSTEMS GP, INC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | MRC Permian LKE Company, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
50) LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS , LLC COMPANY AGREEMENTParties: LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM DELAWARE, LLC | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems GP, Inc | Longwood Gathering and Disposal Systems, LP | LONGWOOD MIDSTREAM HOLDINGS, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137 
 
 

 





















Summit Materials Location Map | Businesses | Summit Materials



































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials
















Materials

Aggregates
Cement
Ready-Mix
Asphalt
Paving Construction

Regions

West
Arkansas-West
British Columbia
Colorado
Idaho
Oklahoma
Texas
Utah
Nevada
Wyoming
East
Arkansas-East
Kansas
Kentucky
Missouri-East
Nebraska
North Carolina-East
South Carolina-East
Tennessee - East
Virginia-East
Cement
Indiana
Illinois
Iowa
Louisiana
Minnesota
Missouri
North Carolina
South Carolina
Tennessee
Virginia
Wisconsin

Companies

Cornejo and Sons
Con-Agg
Continental Cement
Hamm Inc.
Hinkle Contracting
Kilgore Companies
RK Hall
Summit Materials Headquarters
Alleyton
Austin Materials
Troy Vines 
Mainland Sand and Gravel
American Materials Company
Boxley Materials Company




20082017
























Explore our reach.When Summit was formed in 2008 it had one office location. Since that time we’ve completed more than 35 acquisitions, operating in 17 states and 9 metropolitan statistical areas. These acquisitions form 11 platforms organized into 3 regions, including East, Central, and West. Now headquartered in Denver CO, Summit is positioned for future growth on a national scale.





Our Materials



 
 
 Aggregates  

 
 
 Cement  

 
 
 Ready-Mix  

 
 
 Asphalt  

 
 
 Paving Construction  









News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 







