








Team. | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
 
 Team.  





















   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   









News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 
















Aggregate Companies | Summit Materials
































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials












Bound Strong.Essential materials, endless possibilities. Let's build.Learn more















See What We Do.



 
 
 Aggregates  

 
 
 Cement  

 
 
 Ready-Mix  

 
 
 Asphalt  

 
 
 Paving Construction  








News



 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  

 Summit Materials Announces Pricing Of $300 Million Of 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Explore Our Reach.
View Location Map 







Meet Our Family.


 
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
 


















Building Materials Suppliers | Contact | Summit Materials


































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Contact.











Summit Materials Headquarters

303-893-0012 / Phone
303-893-6993 / Fax

1550 WynkoopThird FloorDenver, CO 80202United States Map

Facebook Twitter












If you would like to receive Summit Materials press releases via text message please click on the link below.
Subscribe to Summit Materials Text Messages.

First Name *



Last Name *



Email *



Phone 



Subject 
- None -InvestorsJobsMaterials


Comments *













By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy.




Contact Our Companies



Alleyton

7555 FM 762Richmond, TX 77469United States
Map

281-238-1010 

American Materials Company

6131 Oleander DriveWilmington, NC 28403United States
Map

910-799-1411Website 

Austin Materials

9020 N. Capital of Texas Hwy.Suite #250 - Building IIAustin, TX 78759United States
Map

512-251-3713Website 

Boxley Materials Company

15418 W Lynchburg Salem TurnpikeBlue Ridge, VA 24064United States
Map

800-442-8878Website 

Con-Agg

2604 N. Stadium BlvdColumbia, MO 65202United States
Map

573-446-0905Website 

Continental Cement

16100 Swingley Ridge RoadChesterfield, MO 63017United States
Map

636-532-7440Website 

Cornejo and Sons

2060 E TulsaWichita, KS 67216United States
Map

316-522-5100Website 

Hamm Inc.

609 Perry PlacePerry, KS 66073United States
Map

785-597-5111Website 

Hinkle Contracting

395 North Middletown Rd.Paris, KY 40361United States
Map

859-987-3670Website 

Kilgore Companies

7057 W. 2100 SWest Valley City, UT 84128United States
Map

801-250-0132Website 

Mainland Sand and Gravel

Unit #317 9525 – 201 St.Langley, BC V1M 4A5Canada
Map

604-882-5650Website 

RK Hall

5020 SE Loop 286Paris, TX 75462United States
Map

903-784-8880Website 

Troy Vines 

2817 Rankin HwyMidland, TX 79706United States
Map

432-561-8080Website 









News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 


















Top Building Materials Companies | Aggregates | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Companies.











Summit Materials is a family of companies working to build great things.Summit Materials was formed to acquire and grow established, successful construction materials businesses, creating a whole greater than the sum of its parts. Summit increases value within its companies through its “Best of Both Worlds” approach to autonomy.
 










Explore Our Reach.
View Location Map 













Local Business.
By maintaining local business identity and integrity, we empower owner/operators and enhance entrepreneurial spirit.
 
Leveraging Scale.
Additionally, we capture the benefits of scale by leveraging best practices and by sharing information between our companies.






   

   

   



   

   

   



   

   

   



   

   

   



   
















News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 
















Building Material Companies | About | Summit Materials
































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





About.











Our Vision.Summit Materials was formed to acquire and grow heavy-side building materials companies in the aggregates, ready-mix concrete, cement, asphalt paving and construction industries.  By teaming up with established local businesses, we are committed to creating value, providing access to growth capital, implementing best practices, and offering a safe place to work while striving to exceed our environmental and social responsibilities.
 
Learn more about how we see grassroots.










Meet the Summit Team.
Get to know us. 











What Binds Us.




SafetyIt’s our culture and ingrained in everything we do. It’s protecting our best assets -- our people.




ResponsibilityDoing it right the first time. Standing behind our products and services to meet the needs of our customers.




OpportunityMaintaining a local presence to bring growth to, and connect with, our communities.










Our Story.Summit Materials was formed in 2008, when Tom Hill and a small team of investors with a bold vision formed a new kind of building materials company. The company was founded around a single, simple idea: to bring successful companies together into something even greater. Summit brings value to its family of companies by maintaining entrepreneurial spirit and local presence, while providing access to resources and shared best practices. Since Summit's formation, the company has completed more than 43 acquisitions forming 12 platform companies operating in 24 states and British Columbia, Canada. These companies provide aggregates, cement, ready-mix, asphalt, and construction services to meet residential, nonresidential, and public demand.






Meet Our Family.


 
  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  
 







News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 



















Materials | Construction Materials | Summit Materials






























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials













 
  





Materials.











We see opportunity around every corner to help build your community.Sourced from the highest quality sites.
Efficient production for consistency and strength.
Integrated product offering to our customers.
Summit Materials is a vertically integrated construction materials company that produces aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt, and offers paving, construction and other services.   These types of products and services touch almost every aspect of your daily life, from the roads you drive to work to the cell phone you use to call home.










Building Materials Fact
Concrete
has been used in some form since Roman times, it is the most universal construction material today.
 











Our Materials.





 

AggregatesAggregates are the building blocks of our nation’s construction industry. These natural resources are the foundation of products and services that develop our public and private infrastructure. The aggregate materials are sourced from our quarries, and are the key materials in production of asphalt, concrete and cement. We stand behind the process and quality from rock to road.
 





 

CementCement, when combined with aggregates and water, produces concrete. Cement is the binder that makes concrete durable, weather resistant and adaptable. Our state of the art cement plant and production process enable our companies and our customers to offer superior concrete products.
 





 

Ready-MixReady-mix is a highly versatile construction material that can be used to make everything from curbs to kitchen counters. Its flexible recipe characteristics allow for an end product that can assume almost any color, shape, texture and strength. Ready-mix concrete can be customized to suit your needs.
 





 

AsphaltAsphalt is one of the most common roadway materials used today; approximately 94 percent of our nation's roads are paved with asphalt. It is formed by the combination of aggregates and liquid asphalt. Asphalt is 100 percent renewable and the U.S. alone recycles nearly 60 million tons of asphalt each year.  
 





 

Paving ConstructionPaving is the final stage of Summit’s vertically integrated product offering. Our companies perform quality work that complements our materials by providing a downstream outlet to distribute these products. Our skilled labor force and quality service offering provide a one stop shop to our customers.
 






Our Process.




Site PlanningA site is chosen to be sustainable throughout and beyond extraction. Before the first stone is removed, we are already planning for the lifecycle of the site.




Safe ExtractionWe partner with our neighbors and our legislators to work responsibly in our environment throughout the extraction process.




Site RepurposingAs the last stone is removed, a site’s lifecycle progresses as it continues to provide communities with varying types of future development.










News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 









Summit Materials, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:15 PM ET
Construction Materials

Company Overview of Summit Materials, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Summit Materials, LLC, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a construction materials company in the United States and Canada. It company operates through the West, East, and Cement segments. The company produces and sells aggregates, cement, ready-mixed concrete, and asphalt paving mix, as well as concrete products and plastics components. It also provides paving and related services. As of December 31, 2016, the company operated 171 quarries and sand deposits; 2 cement plants; 10 cement distribution terminals; 84 fixed and portable ready-mix concrete plants; and 47 asphalt paving mix plants, as well as landfill sites. It serves public infrastructure, residential construction, and non...
Summit Materials, LLC, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a construction materials company in the United States and Canada. It company operates through the West, East, and Cement segments. The company produces and sells aggregates, cement, ready-mixed concrete, and asphalt paving mix, as well as concrete products and plastics components. It also provides paving and related services. As of December 31, 2016, the company operated 171 quarries and sand deposits; 2 cement plants; 10 cement distribution terminals; 84 fixed and portable ready-mix concrete plants; and 47 asphalt paving mix plants, as well as landfill sites. It serves public infrastructure, residential construction, and nonresidential construction markets. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Summit Materials, LLC is a subsidiary of Summit Materials, Inc.
Detailed Description


1550 Wynkoop Street3rd FloorDenver, CO 80202United StatesFounded in 20085,000 Employees



Phone: 303-893-0012

Fax: 303-893-6993

summit-materials.com







Key Executives for Summit Materials, LLC




Mr. Thomas W. Hill B.A., MBA


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Brian J. Harris


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Douglas C. Rauh


      	Chief Operating Officer and East Region President
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. M. Shane Evans


      	President of West Region
      


Age: 46
        







Mr. Damian J. Murphy


      	President of Central Region
      


Age: 47
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Summit Materials, LLC Key Developments

Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. Issued and Sold $300.0 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of their 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025
Jun 1 17
On June 1, 2017, Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp., indirect subsidiaries of Summit Materials Inc., issued and sold $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of their 5.125% Senior Notes due 2025, which mature on June 1, 2025, pursuant to an indenture dated as of June 1, 2017, by and among the Issuers, the subsidiary guarantors named on the signature pages thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. The Notes were sold within the United States only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as and outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes were issued at 100.0% of their par value. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.125% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears. The net proceeds from the offering of the Notes are expected to be used to fund acquisitions and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with any such acquisitions and the offering, with any remaining net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include repaying indebtedness, capital expenditures and funding working capital. The Issuers may redeem all or a part of the Notes at any time prior to June 1, 2020 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus a make-whole premium and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. In addition, beginning on June 1, 2020, the Issuers may redeem all or a part of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 102.563% of the principal amount redeemed. The redemption price decreases to 101.281% and 100.000% of the principal amount redeemed on June 1, 2021 and June 1, 2022, respectively. In addition, at any time prior to June 1, 2020, the Issuers may redeem up to 40% of the Notes from the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to 105.125% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. to Offer $300 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of Senior Notes Due 2025
May 24 17
Summit Materials Inc. announced that its indirect subsidiaries Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. intend to offer $300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2025. The company intends to use the proceeds from the offering to fund acquisitions and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with any such acquisitions and the offering, with any remaining net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. The notes will be offered, by the initial purchasers, only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and non-U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.


Summit Materials, LLC Announces Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
Jan 19 17
On January 19, 2017, Summit Materials, LLC (Summit LLC), an indirect subsidiary of Summit Materials Inc., and the guarantors party thereto entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2015 governing Summit LLC's senior secured credit facilities, among Summit LLC, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, collateral agent, L/C issuer and swing line lender and the other parties thereto. Amendment No. 1 amended the Credit Agreement to, among other things, reduce the applicable margin in respect of the $640.25 million outstanding principal amount of term loans there under and include a 1.00% prepayment premium in connection with certain further repricing events of the repriced Term Loans that occur on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the effective date of Amendment No. 1. All other material terms and provisions of the repriced Term Loans remain substantially identical to the terms and provisions in place immediately prior to the effectiveness of Amendment No. 1.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 3north LLC United States A & A Ready Mixed Concrete Inc. United States A Materials Group, Inc. United States A Mining Group, LLC United States A&A Stepping Stone Mfg., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Summit Materials, LLC, please visit summit-materials.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Summit Materials Inc - NYSE:SUM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Summit Materials Inc (SUM)
Follow




                                    28.70
                                

0.47
1.70




                        NYSE : Industrial Goods
                    

Jul 28, 2017 3:59 PM EDT












Prev Close
  28.23


Open
28.20


Day Low/High

                                    27.91 /
                                    28.78


52 Wk Low/High

                                    17.27 /
                                    29.67
                                


Volume
1.50M


Avg Volume 
1.35M











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
106.40M


Market Cap
3.02B


EPS
0.50


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            63.11
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date






See How Summit Materials Ranks Among Analysts' Top Picks With Strong Buyback Activity













Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced that members of management will attend the following upcoming investor...

Jun 8, 2017 4:05 PM EDT













These Stocks Could Soar if and When Trump's Infrastructure Package Becomes a Reality
The White House's renewed push on infrastructure stands to revive investors' hopes for portfolio-boosting legislation.

Jun 5, 2017 12:17 PM EDT









Summit Materials Announces Pricing Of $300 Million Of 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit") announced today that its indirect subsidiaries Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp.

May 24, 2017 4:05 PM EDT









Summit Materials Announces Intention To Offer $300 Million Of Senior Notes
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit") announced today that its indirect subsidiaries Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp.

May 24, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









IIROC Trade Resumption - SUM


May 10, 2017 1:13 PM EDT









IIROC Trading Halt - SUM


May 10, 2017 12:45 PM EDT









Analyst Favorites With Strong Buyback Activity: Summit Materials Ranks As a Top Pick
A study of analyst recommendations at the major brokerages shows that Summit Materials Inc is the #11 broker analyst pick among those stocks screened by The Online Investor for strong stock buyback activity. To make that list, a stock must have repurchased at least 5% of its outstanding shares over the trailing twelve month period.

May 4, 2017 1:41 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,200 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AIG, ALSK, GNE, GUID, HTH, LPI, NUVA, PIRS, QRVO, S, TTMI
    
Downgrades:  ARRS, BPMC, CONE, CRAY, EFII, GIL, GKOS, HYH, SUM
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

May 4, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Summit Materials, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced results for the first quarter 2017.

May 3, 2017 6:00 AM EDT









Summit Materials Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced that it will release first quarter 2017 financial results before the market...

Apr 25, 2017 4:10 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,200 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ACSF, CAA, JAZZ, LFL, MTH, SUM, WYNN
    
Downgrades:  REV, TROW, WAGE
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Mar 29, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Solium Partners With Nasdaq Private Market


Mar 28, 2017 7:00 AM EDT









First Week of SUM November 17th Options Trading
Investors in Summit Materials Inc saw new options begin trading this week, for the November 17th expiration. One of the key inputs that goes into the price an option buyer is willing to pay, is the time value, so with 241 days until expiration the newly trading contracts represent a possible opportunity for sellers of puts or calls to achieve a higher premium than would be available for the contracts with a closer expiration.

Mar 21, 2017 11:05 AM EDT









Summit Materials, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter And Full-Year 2016 Results
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced results for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016.

Feb 22, 2017 6:00 AM EST









See How Summit Materials Ranks Among Analysts' Top Picks With Strong Buyback Activity
A study of analyst recommendations at the major brokerages shows that Summit Materials Inc is the #18 broker analyst pick among those stocks screened by The Online Investor for strong stock buyback activity. To make that list, a stock must have repurchased at least 5% of its outstanding shares over the trailing twelve month period.

Feb 17, 2017 2:38 PM EST









Summit Materials Announces Fourth Quarter And Year-End 2016 Results Conference Call Date
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced that it will release fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial results before...

Feb 2, 2017 4:40 PM EST













Summit Materials Announces Definitive Agreements To Acquire Everist Materials And Razorback Concrete Company
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced its entry into definitive agreements to acquire Colorado-based Everist...

Jan 6, 2017 6:30 AM EST













Summit Materials Prices Common Stock Offering
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit") announced today the pricing of the previously announced offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a price to the public of $24.

Jan 5, 2017 9:26 PM EST













Summit Materials Announces Common Stock Offering
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit") announced today the launch of an offering of 10,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock.

Jan 5, 2017 5:04 PM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AIR, SCSC, SUM, USG
    
Downgrades:  FINL, GLOB
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Dec 22, 2016 11:00 AM EST













Summit Materials Declares Special Stock Dividend
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE:SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced that it has declared a special stock dividend of 0.

Dec 2, 2016 4:15 PM EST









Bullish and Bearish Chart Reversals
What stocks have changed direction in the past week.

Nov 14, 2016 12:27 PM EST













Summit Materials Prices Secondary Offering Of Common Stock
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE:SUM, "Summit") announced today the pricing of a secondary offering of 16,614,949 shares of Class A common stock by certain selling stockholders, including affiliates of The Blackstone Group L.

Nov 9, 2016 7:52 PM EST













Summit Materials Announces Secondary Offering Of Common Stock
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, "Summit") announced today that certain selling stockholders, including affiliates of The Blackstone Group L.

Nov 9, 2016 4:41 PM EST













Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE:SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced that members of management will attend the following upcoming investor...

Nov 7, 2016 7:00 AM EST













Summit Materials (SUM) Stock Advances on Q3 Earnings Beat
Summit Materials (SUM) reported earnings that were above analysts' estimates for the 2016 third quarter.

Nov 2, 2016 2:17 PM EDT













Summit Materials, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2016 Results
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE:SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced results for the third quarter of 2016.

Nov 2, 2016 7:00 AM EDT













Summit Materials To Webcast Investor Day On November 15, 2016
Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE:SUM, "Summit" or the "Company"), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced that it will host a live webcast of its 2016 Investor Day on Tuesday, November...

Oct 25, 2016 7:00 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 3:59 PM EDT 7/28/2017


C+
(Hold)






Get the (SUM) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Wall Street Breakfast: Markets Await U.S. GDP Report

SeekingAlpha



Border wall prototypes delayed

SeekingAlpha



Wall Street Breakfast: Fed's Stress Tests - Part 2

SeekingAlpha



Border wall prototypes coming soon

SeekingAlpha



Daily Pain - Energy Stocks Surge From The Grave At The Expense Of FAANG

SeekingAlpha



Summit Materials initiated with a Buy on EBITDA, multiple outlook at Longbow

The Fly



Summit Materials initiated with a Buy at Longbow

The Fly



33 Stocks For June 2017

SeekingAlpha



Tracking Wallace Weitz's Weitz Investment Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

SeekingAlpha



Tracking David Tepper's Appaloosa Management Portfolio - Q1 2017 Update

SeekingAlpha



Summit Materials 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Summit Materials EPS in-line, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Wednesday’s open

SeekingAlpha



Construction stocks rise on Martin Marietta earnings, infrastructure hopes

SeekingAlpha



33 Stocks For May 2017

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C+ (Hold)



Get the (SUM) Report Here 













 











Trending


iPod Nano, Shuffle Are Dead; Here Are 8 Other Discontinued Apple Products


Can Apple Show Amazon What Earnings Should Look Like?


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. Announce Extension of Exchange Offer | Business Wire
























































Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. Announce 
      Extension of Exchange Offer






May 12, 2014 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. announced today 
      that they have extended the expiration date of their offer to exchange 
      up to $260,000,000 aggregate principal amount of their 10.5% Senior 
      Notes due 2020, which have been registered under the Securities Act of 
      1933, as amended, for any and all of their outstanding unregistered 
      10.5% Senior Notes due 2020 that were issued in a private offering on 
      January 17, 2014.
    

      The exchange offer was originally scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m. (New 
      York City time) on Friday, May 9, 2014, but will now expire at 5:00 p.m. 
      (New York City time) on Friday, May 16, 2014. As of the close of 
      business on May 9, 2014, $257,850,000 in aggregate principal amount, or 
      99%, of outstanding unregistered 10.5% Senior Notes due 2020 had been 
      validly tendered to the exchange agent by the holders thereof. The 
      extension is intended to allow additional time for holders of the 
      remaining outstanding unregistered notes to tender their notes in the 
      exchange offer.
    

      The exchange agent for the exchange offer is Wilmington Trust, National 
      Association, c/o Wilmington Trust Company, Corporate Capital Markets, 
      Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 
      19890-1626.
    

      This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a 
      solicitation of an offer to buy any security and shall not constitute an 
      offer, solicitation or sale of any securities in any jurisdiction where 
      such an offering or sale would be unlawful.
    

About Summit Materials


      We are a leading, vertically-integrated, geographically-diverse 
      heavy-side building materials company. We supply aggregates, cement and 
      related downstream products such as ready-mixed concrete, asphalt paving 
      mix, concrete products and paving and related construction services for 
      a variety of end uses in the U.S. construction industry, including 
      private residential and non-residential construction and public 
      infrastructure projects. Summit Materials has completed 29 acquisitions 
      beginning with its first acquisition in 2009. Our nine operating 
      companies make up our three distinct geographic regions that span 16 
      states and 23 metropolitan statistical areas.
    

      For more information about Summit Materials, please refer to our website 
      at www.summit-materials.com. 
      The information contained on our website is not incorporated herein by 
      reference. You can also contact us at info@summit-materials.com.
    




Contacts

      Summit MaterialsJennifer Rose, 303-893-0012
    

















Contacts

      Summit MaterialsJennifer Rose, 303-893-0012
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Summit Materials LLC / Summit Materials Finance Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























summit materials llc / summit materials finance corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Home & Office Products
Sub-Industry: Home Improvement
Summit Materials LLC / Summit Materials Finance Corporation provides building products. The Company offers a wide range of products such as aggregates, cement, asphalt, ready-to-mix concrete, and other construction products. Summit Materials extends its services throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

2900 K Street Northwest
Harbourside North Tower Bldg
Washington, DC 20007
United States


Phone:
1-202-339-9509


Fax:
1-202-339-9517


Web url:
www.summit-materials.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Summit Materials Location Map | Businesses | Summit Materials



































Jump to navigation



Summit Materials
















Materials

Aggregates
Cement
Ready-Mix
Asphalt
Paving Construction

Regions

West
Arkansas-West
British Columbia
Colorado
Idaho
Oklahoma
Texas
Utah
Nevada
Wyoming
East
Arkansas-East
Kansas
Kentucky
Missouri-East
Nebraska
North Carolina-East
South Carolina-East
Tennessee - East
Virginia-East
Cement
Indiana
Illinois
Iowa
Louisiana
Minnesota
Missouri
North Carolina
South Carolina
Tennessee
Virginia
Wisconsin

Companies

Cornejo and Sons
Con-Agg
Continental Cement
Hamm Inc.
Hinkle Contracting
Kilgore Companies
RK Hall
Summit Materials Headquarters
Alleyton
Austin Materials
Troy Vines 
Mainland Sand and Gravel
American Materials Company
Boxley Materials Company




20082017
























Explore our reach.When Summit was formed in 2008 it had one office location. Since that time we’ve completed more than 35 acquisitions, operating in 17 states and 9 metropolitan statistical areas. These acquisitions form 11 platforms organized into 3 regions, including East, Central, and West. Now headquartered in Denver CO, Summit is positioned for future growth on a national scale.





Our Materials



 
 
 Aggregates  

 
 
 Cement  

 
 
 Ready-Mix  

 
 
 Asphalt  

 
 
 Paving Construction  









News



 Summit Materials Announces Second Quarter 2017 Results Conference Call Date  

 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 







Summit Materials Announces Pricing of $300 Million of 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballSummit Materials Announces Pricing of $300 Million of 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025Business WireMay 24, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareDENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, “Summit”) announced today that its indirect subsidiaries Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. (the “Issuers”, and, together with Summit, “the Company”) finalized the terms of the previously announced offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “notes”). Summit anticipates that consummation of the offering will occur on June 1, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the offering to fund acquisitions and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with any such acquisitions and the offering, with any remaining net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes.The notes offered have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. The notes will be offered, by the initial purchasers, only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and non-U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.This press release is being issued pursuant to Rule 135(c) under the Securities Act, and it is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a sale of any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.About Summit MaterialsSummit Materials is a leading vertically integrated materials-based company that supplies aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt in the United States and British Columbia, Canada. Summit is a geographically diverse, materials-based business of scale that offers customers a single-source provider of construction materials and related downstream products in the public infrastructure, residential and nonresidential, and end markets. Summit has a strong track record of successful acquisitions since its founding and continues to pursue growth opportunities in new and existing markets.Forward‐Looking Statements and Information:This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “trends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “projects” or “anticipates” or similar expressions that concern our strategy, plans, expectations or intentions. Any and all statements made relating to the expectations for our anticipated benefits from recent acquisitions, the macroeconomic outlook for our markets, potential acquisition activity, our estimated and projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, sales volumes and financial results are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those expected. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results.In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Important factors could affect our results and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the factors discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. Such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170524006231/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderJohn McCain: Here's why I voted no and killed the 'skinny repeal'Business InsiderDonald Trump Tweet-Rages After John McCain Kills Obamacare Skinny RepealStan: Let trump rage.  McCain you did the right thing.Join the Conversation1 / 51.5k








Summit Materials Announces Intention to Offer $300 Million of Senior NotesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballSummit Materials Announces Intention to Offer $300 Million of Senior NotesBusiness WireMay 24, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareDENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, “Summit”) announced today that its indirect subsidiaries Summit Materials, LLC and Summit Materials Finance Corp. (the “Issuers”, and, together with Summit, “the Company”) intend to offer $300 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2025 (the “notes”). The Company intends to use the proceeds from the offering to fund acquisitions and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with any such acquisitions and the offering, with any remaining net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes.The notes to be offered have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. The notes will be offered, by the initial purchasers, only to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act and non-U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.This press release is being issued pursuant to Rule 135(c) under the Securities Act, and it is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a sale of any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.About Summit MaterialsSummit Materials is a leading vertically integrated materials-based company that supplies aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt in the United States and British Columbia, Canada. Summit is a geographically diverse, materials-based business of scale that offers customers a single-source provider of construction materials and related downstream products in the public infrastructure, residential and nonresidential, and end markets. Summit has a strong track record of successful acquisitions since its founding and continues to pursue growth opportunities in new and existing markets.Forward‐Looking Statements and Information:This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believes,” “expects,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “seeks,” “intends,” “trends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “projects” or “anticipates” or similar expressions that concern our strategy, plans, expectations or intentions. Any and all statements made relating to the expectations for our anticipated benefits from recent acquisitions, the macroeconomic outlook for our markets, potential acquisition activity, our estimated and projected earnings, margins, costs, expenditures, cash flows, sales volumes and financial results are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual results may differ materially from those expected. We derive many of our forward-looking statements from our operating budgets and forecasts, which are based upon many detailed assumptions. While we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, it is very difficult to predict the impact of known factors, and, of course, it is impossible to anticipate all factors that could affect our actual results.In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the results or conditions described in such statements or our objectives and plans will be achieved. Important factors could affect our results and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements, including but not limited to the factors discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. Such factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, which are accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170524005688/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump names John Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo FinanceTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderJohn McCain: Here's why I voted no and killed the 'skinny repeal'Business InsiderDonald Trump Tweet-Rages After John McCain Kills Obamacare Skinny RepealStan: Let trump rage.  McCain you did the right thing.Join the Conversation1 / 51.5k








