

	SUN COFFEE ROASTERS Trademark of Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC. Serial Number: 77901974 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Treatment & Processing of Materials S...
SUN COFFEE ROASTERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













SUN COFFEE ROASTERS  Trademark Information
 Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC
Coffee roasting and processing




Perfect for these industries

Treatment & Processing of Materials Services





Words that describe this mark
coffee   roasting   processing    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark by Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC 
                                in Plainville, CT, 06062.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC of the SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, December 29, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SUN COFFEE ROASTERS by 
                        Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC, Plainville, CT  06062.
                        The USPTO has given the SUN COFFEE ROASTERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  77901974.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for SUN COFFEE ROASTERS is 
                        
                        
                                            Wm. Tucker Griffith of 
                                            McCormick, Paulding & Huber LLP,  185 Asylum Street, HARTFORD CT 06103 
                                .
                            The SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Treatment & Processing of Materials Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SUN COFFEE ROASTERS 
                            is Coffee roasting and processing. 
                            





Word mark:
 SUN COFFEE ROASTERS


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

6/11/2016



  Serial Number:  
77901974


  Filing Date:  
12/29/2009


 Registration Number:  
3875908 


 Registration Date:  
11/16/2010


 Goods and Services: 
Coffee roasting and processing


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a green border, surrounding a cream border, framing a red background within which lies a top down or bird's eye view of a white coffee cup. Inside the coffee cup is a brown image of a sun against a brown background, with brown steam rising from the upper left portion of the coffee cup, all above the stylized wording "Sun Coffee Roasters" with the word "Sun" in white and the words "Coffee Roasters" in brown.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
5/25/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

Sun Coffee Roasters, LLCPlainville, CT  06062
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Sun representing a human face or an animal  (Celestial bodies, Natural phenomena, Geographical maps  -  sun) see more design...


                                                    Coffee mugs  (Household utensils  -   Containers for beverages; plates and dishes; cooking and serving ware (Non  -  electric) ) see more design...


                                                     Other framework and ornamental borders (Ornamental framework, surfaces or backgrounds with ornaments   -  Framework ) see more design...


                                                    Wavy line(s), band(s) or bar(s) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("COFFEE ROASTERS")


 Correspondent:


Wm. Tucker Griffith
McCormick, Paulding & Huber LLP
185 Asylum Street
HARTFORD CT 06103






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (040) - Treatment of materials. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/1/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/11/2016
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Wm. Tucker Griffith


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SUN COFFEE ROASTERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search suncoffeeroasters on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SUN COFFEE ROASTERS 




SUN COFFEE ROASTERS is providing Coffee roasting and processing.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 








Organic Coffee Wholesale – Fair Trade Coffee Wholesale – Wholesale Coffee Roasters























 


















































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP











 









Fair Trade Certified
UTZ Certified
Bird Friendly
OUKosher.org













































Wholesale  Flexibility and scale 
Our wholesale customers can select from any of our existing Sun coffee blends or choose to sell our product under a private label. Whether under our label or yours, we prepare all our coffee using only the choicest coffee beans and our signature, dry roasting method to assure the freshest, most flavorful product possible.
Taste, Set, and Match
If your institution is looking to make the switch but is hesitant to abandon a custom flavor profile, then you’ve come to the right roaster. We can work with you to match any blend your customers have come to love. We will also develop custom blends for you as your business grows.































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home












































Organic Coffee Wholesale – Fair Trade Coffee Wholesale – Wholesale Coffee Roasters























 


















































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP











 









Fair Trade Certified
UTZ Certified
Bird Friendly
OUKosher.org













































Retail  SUSTAINABLE FAIR TRADE IN EVERY CUP
Fair Trade at a fair price
Our mission is to make Sustainable Fair Trade coffee available to all coffee lovers. This means that we strive to make our coffee not only great in taste but also fair in price.
From in-store displays to unique promotional offers, we help your customers see that Sustainable Fair Trade Coffee can be fresh, flavorful, and affordable!
Coffee by the Cup
We work with cafés, restaurants and hotels to supply the freshest premium Fair Trade coffees to differentiate your coffee menu while supporting a great cause.
We also develop point of sale materials tailored to your specific needs.































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home












































Fair Trade Coffee – Fair Trade Coffee Wholesale – Fair Trade Organic Coffee – Fair Trade Organic Green Coffee























 












 









































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP
























































Sun Coffee Roasters  COFFEE WITH A CONSCIENCE

Sun Coffee Roasters is a Sustainable Fair Trade coffee company serving colleges and universities, retailers, and wholesale suppliers. Not only are our blends fresh and flavorful, our sustainable manufacturing techniques and green packaging allow us to deliver delicious, socially responsible and environmentally friendly coffees to the market. What's more, we back our coffee with friendly and reliable customer service and unprecedented marketing support. When you partner with Sun Coffee Roasters, you can rest assured you are getting the best tasting Sustainable Fair Trade coffee around, as well as a strong and comprehensive system designed to support your triple bottom line of people, planet, and profit.




Our green method for roasting 
Putting your stamp on a bag of Organic Fair Trade Coffee


Freshen your cup
Submit an RFP


Tour the Sun Facility




 
Universities • Cafes • Retail Grocery • Private Label Wholesale
 































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home












































Fair Trade Coffee – Fair Trade Coffee Wholesale – Fair Trade Organic Coffee – Fair Trade Organic Green Coffee























 


















































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP











 









Fair Trade Certified
UTZ Certified
Bird Friendly
OUKosher.org
















































Support  360 Degree Service
Regardless of whether you are a college or university, retailer or wholesaler, we will partner with you on marketing and point of sale to develop a comprehensive program to ensure a great coffee experience for both you and your customers.
College or University: We will develop a coffee program which will align your coffee offerings with your school’s Fair Trade and Sustainability missions. Our collegiate coffee programs are designed to educate and support your students, while offering great-tasting coffee in a cost-effective manner. We work closely with Dining Service, Sustainability Directors, faculty, and student organizations to develop a campus-wide program. We encourage you to contact us to find out how me can partner with your school.
Retailer/Grocer: Our philosophy is to make Fair Trade coffees affordable to all consumers. This benefits both the farmer and your customer! We are proud to be the category leader for Sustainable Fair Trade coffee in the Northeastern United States. Allow us to show you how to grow your Fair Trade category.
Wholesaler: We match and/or create blends for the private labeling needs of our wholesaler partners. Our design team can assist you in improving the look and feel of your brand. Leverage our economies of scale and partner with us to develop a cost-effective premium coffee program.











































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home








































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user












 Behmor 1600 Plus Home Coffee Roaster | Roastmasters.com    

                





 
             Home        Who We Are         Account   (Sign In)        Order History         Shopping Basket           Call Us - 888-950-0888      Green Coffee  Africa & Arabia Central America South America Indonesia & Asia Organic & Fair Trade Islands & Exotics Decaffeinated Blends   Home Coffee Roasters  Coffee Brewers  Electric Coffee Brewers Manual Coffee Brewers Refurbished Brewers   New  Coffee Grinders & Mills  Hario-Kalita  Miscellaneous  Espresso Machines Scales & Timers Thermometers Coffee Books Packaging Gift Certificates Roaster Parts Single Cup Filters   Kettles    
   
 Home» Home Coffee Roasters» Behmor 1600 Plus Home Coffee Roaster  
 
       close      Behmor 1600 Plus Home Coffee Roaster $369.00 In stock and shipping!                     Coffee Selection:    8 pounds regular  4 pounds each regular & decaf  8 pounds decaffeinated     QTY:    Add To Basket           Customer Reviews       About Behmor 1600 Plus Home Coffee Roaster 


We are one of the largest sellers of Behmor roasters and, in addition to the many that we have sold, we also use several units extensively for roasting in our offices. The Behmor 1600 Plus replaced the Behmor 1600 in September 2014. The only change between the Plus and its predecessor is a new Control Board (aka PCB) that will provide additional roasting controls and information. The PCB will allow home roasters to switch between the original automatic profiles and new manual settings. Users will be able to read thermistor and exhaust temperatures and also switch between two drum speeds. Please note: if you own a Behmor 1600 you can convert it to the Plus model by purchasing and installing a Behmor Plus Upgrade Kit, available on our site for $49.95.
Behmor continually tries to improve its products. Within the past couple of years there have been improvements to the          chaff tray, a fan was added to the side panel and  the roasting grid itself was simplified with an easy clasp and welds made at each intersection so that gaps cannot develop. We always have the latest model available.



FREE SHIPPING IN CONTINENTAL USA
Includes 8 one pound bags of coffee from all over the world.
The best offer available!
Plus $10 coupon on your next purchase of green coffee from Roastmasters.com ($25 min purchase pre-coupon)
Hawaii, Alaska and Canada - $20 Shipping discount applies to any method.
HI, AK use coupon code SHIPBEHM during checkout. Canada use SHIPBEHMC.




Low Profile Chaff Tray
The Behmor Plus ships with the latest Low Profile Chaff Tray. This chaff tray design significantly improves bean visibility,enhances airflow for improved cooling, as well as collecting chaff better than its predecessor. It represents Behmor's commitment to improve the roasting experience and results for users of our mutual home roasting customers.

Latest Behmor low profile chaff tray (left)provides unobstructed view of roasting grid as compared to original.


Clever Solutions For Real Enhancement
The tray has a series of vanes or louvers that open when in the "in use" position, meaning when inside the roaster. During roasting, the chaff that comes off the roasting coffee, is blown over and behind the louvers, trapping it. By doing so, the chance of chaff ignition is all but eliminated while airflow, for the roast itself, is improved. Air passes through the vanes but chaff is left behind. A clever solution and a real enhancement. One of the original criticisms of the Behmor was the difficulty in seeing beans within the roasting chamber as they were partially blocked by the old style chaff tray. A workaround was developed where a piece of the mesh was cutout to allow better vision. Now, with the new low profile chaff tray, that workaround is obsolete. The new chaff tray is only half the height as its predecessor (see above), ending beneath the window in the door. The user now has an unobstructed view of the coffee roasting within!







The louvers or vanes are shown in photo (left). On right, a rear view of the new chaff tray. The handle on the outside opens and closes the vanes.
The most up-to-date versions of the Behmor 1600 Plus manual, warranty and safeguards can be downloaded by following these links.



Behmor 1600 Plus
We have a terrific relationship with Joe Behm, the inventor and developer of this roaster, who had been working on it for seven years prior to its introduction. The roaster, prior to its official release, took the Best New Product Award at the 2006 Specialty Coffee Association show in Long Beach, a real coup. The Behmor 1600 was introduced to the public in 2007 and we have been offering the roaster since the first day. Today, very many Behmors are in use and there is a legion of satisfied customer who have become come to enjoy the benefits of home roasting the easy, smokeless way.










The Behmor 1600 Plus roasts 1/4, 1/2 or 1 pound of coffee. It has a choice of five profile programs. You cannot save program changes but some modifications can be made to roasts during a roast cycle to alter results. A terrific feature is the Behmor's smoke suppression system which is very effective at nearly eliminating roasting smoke and much of the associated aroma. This roaster, as the instructions will tell you, is not for doing dark roasts. The maximum roast darkness is 10 seconds beyond the second crack, which would be approximately a lightly spotted roast, a little beyond Full City, or what you might describe as a light Viennese Roast. If you wish to roast coffee darker than this you should look at our other choices in home roasters. But, if your needs are in the realm of lighter roasts, which are best for coffee's flavor nuances, the Behmor is a real contender.
The Behmor 1600 Plus offers a lot of surprises an din many ways it is a wolf in sheep's clothing. Upon opening the shipping box the first impression was that the box itself was substantial. When we took the roaster out of the inner product packaging a few things stood out. Firstly, and everyone will say this,the roaster looks like a toaster oven or perhaps a microwave. I have to admit it's nicely made and it's obvious from the outset that a lot of detail and thought has gone into its finishes. The exterior, pull down door has brushed stainless facing out, with a knife shaped window a couple of inches tall and nearly the full width of the door. To the right of the door is the control panel and display.


Behmor Construction Details
Open the front door and the first thing that greets you is perforated stainless steel. Upon unpacking the roaster and reading the directions fully, you will learn that this is the chaff collector and it is fabricated of stainless throughout. It has a pivoting grab handle attached to its exterior. On its interior is a shiny stainless "dustpan" floor, which will later be used to catch any chaff that did not get caught in the device. A 2-inch paintbrush, provided, is the "broom". This combination, a little humorous at first, is like many aspects of the Behmor 1600 Plus that you will later come to appreciate. It works.







Behmor stainless chaff collector front and rear views.
After removing the chaff collector you will see the cylindrical grid in which coffee actually roasts. When removed, the grid or drum opens on one end and has a clamp to keep it closed. The clamp itself has recently been simplified.


Small/Large Roasting Cylinder Update
Originally, Behmors were packed with one cylinder an dafter some time users wanted one with smaller spacing so small or irregular shaped beans would not fall through the grid. Hence, the so-called small grid cylinder was developed and it eventually became the standard issue, replacing the original. In late December 2012 the third generation of grid was introduced. The latest grid which has a diagonal pattern has a simplified clasp on the end where coffee is loaded. It also has welds at each intersection which replace an unwelded basketweave pattern that had some small potential for spreading.



A. Smoke suppression exhaust system
B. Behmor roasting drum


The drum, of course, turns during roasting. It can only attach to the roaster housing and its motor one way. One side of the drum has a square peg that fits into a square hole; the other side is rounded and slips into a receiving collar once the square end is in place.  You are to lift up on the left side collared end and, moving the drum to the left, it should withdraw from the square hole.
With the drum out the interior is clean and surrounded by clean, aluminum coated steel surfaces. At the rear of the roaster are its heating elements, two 525-watt glass-heating elements for a total of 1050watts, more than other home roasters. This is one reason the Behmor is capable of roasting up to a pound. At the top of the interior is heated exhaust, which is responsible for removing smoke and some roasting odor. The interior is lit and the light can be turned on after the start of a roast with a button on the control panel; the light goes out after the cooling cycle has ended unless you want to turn it off sooner.







Drum fits into square hole on right and into hook left.


Roasting with the Behmor 1600 Plus
This roaster was designed to appeal to a broad range of consumers, meaning that it had to be simple enough to be a home appliance for anyone interested in home roasting without their full immersion in coffee knowledge and roasting technique; but, it also needed to have some of the bells, whistles and controls for the experienced or tech-savvy enthusiast - a tall order and likely an impossible one. The Behmor 1600 Plus adds optional manual controls and readouts that were missing from the previous model. Also, to increase the safety of home roasting, Behmor has added an blinking alert at 75% into the roast that verifies you are in attendance and paying attention to your roast. If you don't hit the start button within 30 seconds then the roast will end. This requires you stay by the roaster and watch its display rather than walk away and risk an issue.
For a detailed overview of new features available in the Behmor Plus and its control panel please head here.
Being a very quiet roaster it is easy to hear coffee go through first crack. Behm has no doubt done laborious measurements to determine about how long it takes for coffee to go from first to second crack under various conditions, such as bean type, weight of coffee being roasted and selected profile. In their manual they direct you to use their "Rosetta Stone", a simple guide to how long it takes for coffee to go from first to second crack based on bean weight. Taking their advice in this regard is good idea, especially for new users, even those with prior roasting experience.
The roaster's interior 15 watt light provides enough visibility to see bean development; with the advent of the new, low profile chaff tray, you now have an unobstructed view, a real improvement over the taller, original tray. You will get the hang of roasting on the Behmor quickly. You will also find that the profiles built in to the Behmor are very close to what you will likely seek in finished roasts and highly repeatable. This roaster's ability to repeat results is one of its strengths.
Profiles - As previously mentioned there are five pre-set roasting profiles. Joe Behm, inventor of the Behmor, is not a coffee roaster himself by trade. But, he had valuable input and advice from some experienced industry insiders in developing these profiles. The instructions provided suggest which profile to use for a particular type of bean which they classify as:hard, soft or island. Further, there are specific instructions about roasting 1/4, 1/2, or 1 pound of coffee for each of the profiles. Weight of the coffee being roasted increases roast time, with full pounds reaching more than twenty minutes. This may be of concern to some, but coffee can be roasted for extended times as long as it is not baking or causing beans to chip.
Keypad - The control panel keypad is broken into sections for:

Roast Weight - 1/4, 1/2, or1 pound
Programs - which are initial start times associated with each roast weight
Time increment - which are really time adjustments. Pressing the + button increases roast time in 15 second increments up to the maximum allowed for each profile and weight combination; the - button decreases roast time in 10 second increments.
Profiles - variable methods to achieve different taste elements from any given coffee.
Other buttons - Start,Off, Light and Cool are self-explanatory. Cool begins the cooling cycle immediately.

To do a roast choose a profile and select the appropriate weight of coffee to be roasted (1/4, 1/2, or 1 pound). Once those decisions have been made you would press a series of buttons to start a roast. For example, if you wanted to roast a half pound of hard bean Guatemala at Profile 2, you would press these buttons: 1/2, P2, B,Start. The first button selects the weight, the second the profile, the third, B, sets a time adjustment, in this case 13 minutes, and finally,you press the Start button to begin the roast. 
Shown below are the initial start times associated with each weight and program buttons. These can be further adjusted with the plus and minus time increment buttons up to the maximum allowed for each profile and weight combination.
Initial Roast Times




 
1/4
1/2
1




A
8:30
12:00
18:00


B
9:30
13:00
20:00


C
10:00
14:00
21:30


D
10:30
15:00
23:00




Important: We observed no hot spots, tipping or chipping of the beans during any roast cycles. Beans roasted uniformly. The drum's design, which has several paddle sand vee shapes, provides for ample mixing and movement during roasting.Also of significance, coffee is not roasting in a smoky environment soothe roasted beans have a cleaner, brighter taste. Many commercial roasters cannot lay claim to this, not to mention home roasters.
Profiles Detailed

P1 - Basically ramps right on up to 100% power and keeps that level for 100% of the roast time, producing the quickest roast. Notation: 100/100.
P2 - Like P1 ramps at100% for the first 60% of the roasting time, then drops to 70% power for the next 30% of time. Full power for remainder of roast. Notation:100/60, 70/30, 100/10.
P3 - A more gradual ramp-up. During the first 20% of time roasts at 70% power; 80% power during next 35% of time; full power during remainder of roast. Notation: 70/20, 80/35, 100/45.
P4 - A variation on P3.During the first 30% of time roasts at 70% power; 85% power during next30% of time; full power during remainder of roast. Notation: 70/30,85/30, 100/40.
P5 - The longest roast with the slowest, most gradual ramp-up. Roast time is broken into thirds with 70%, 80% and 95% power supplied in each segment respectively. Notation: 70/33, 80/33, 95/34.

Here is the logic: P1 is the hottest, fastest roast, P5 the slowest and the others are variations in between. Behmor shows P1 and P2 as roasts for Hard Bean coffees;P3 for Soft Bean/low grown coffees; P4 for soft or espresso blends;and, P5 for Island coffees such as those from Hawaii, Jamaica, etc roasted to City/City+. Our own assessment and preference differs slightly for a number of coffees we have roasted. We find ourselves gravitating to P2 and P3 for many coffees. These profiles provide brightness plus body. The P5 profile is a sharp contrast to the others in that it produces roasts that are definitely skewed toward acidity; many of the mid tones and body are missing. Nonetheless, it is informative to seethe effects on the final output.
While the roasting profiles cannot be altered or reprogrammed, it is possible to add or subtract time to roasts once they have started and effectively tweak them in this fashion. This roaster is unique in that you can continue to add increments up to the maximum allowed for each profile and weight combination (see chart below), though be cautioned, once past second crack you will begin to be inundated with smoke and this roaster has not been designed to produce dark roasts. The Hottop by contrast, allows the user to add 5thirty second Plus Times in total to the preset roast time.
Maximum Roast Times - The roaster will not let you roast longer than the times shown below for each weight and profile as indicated.
Maximum Roast Times




 
1/4
1/2
1




P1
10
13:30
20:30


P2
10:30
14:30
22:30


P3
11
15:30
23:30


P4
11:30
16:30
24:30


P5
12:30
17:30
25:30







Conclusion
The Behmor 1600 proved to be the most popular home roaster on the market. The Plus model takes it to the next level making manual controls available in addition to fully automatic settings. In addition new readouts provide the temperatures of the exhaust channel or chamber wall. The bottom line is that it roasts coffee very well and does so with minimum of noise and smoke, making it well suited to home use. The price point puts it in reach of most consumers, filling a gap between the smaller roasters that sell for less than $200 and the larger Ottoman Genecafe roasters that sell for hundreds more. Also, the flexibility to roast batches up to a full pound yet as small as quarter pound is terrific. Profiles are effective. The appearance of the roaster, though not 'roaster-like' will feel at home in kitchens or other areas of the home. 
We strongly recommend that you restrict yourself to 1/4 pound roasts until you have gained real proficiency with the roaster before moving on to larger roasts. This will reduce failures and increase safety.
Behmor recommends you refer to the latest product documents. This manual provides more detail than the one packed with the roaster. Reference materials available for download:

Behmor Operation Manual
Other important updates - updated, Maintenance, Troubleshooting and more. Look here for the most common issues.


Important Note
The Behmor 1600 Plus is designed for use in 120volt - 60hz environments ONLY. This roaster will not work in countries with any voltage and/or frequency differences with or without a power converter. Manufacturer's warranty is void outside of North America for roasters originating in the USA.
 
  Product Reviews    
 Related Item(s)     Behmor Low Profile Chaff Tray  $19.95      Behmor Plus Upgrade Kit  $49.95    
 
         
       
  Blog Privacy / Shipping Returns Policy Contact Us Testimonials Links Videos / Advice Forum Privacy Terms of Service                          © 2017 Roastmasters.com. All Rights Reserved.Material in any form including graphics and text cannot be used without written permission.             



           

    


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Sun Coffee Roasters LLC                                                                                                  - Plainville                                        , CT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



Plainville



Miscellaneous Food Stores



Retail - Coffee



                            Sun Coffee Roasters LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Sun Coffee Roasters LLC                                                                                                 
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



45 NORTHWEST DR PLAINVILLE, CT 06062
Get Directions



(860) 517-8161
www.suncoffeeroasters.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $485,301.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Retail - Coffee
 Contacts Keith Lemnios                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2008, Sun Coffee Roasters Llc                                                                                                  has been providing Retail - Coffee from Plainville. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















CRC | CoffeeRoastersClub.com – We Sell Coffee Roasters

















 



Loading...
BBQ Grill Coffee RoastersAll In One BBQ Coffee Roaster CombosRead moreJavaPRO-CRC ULTRA SeriesCommercial Use Coffee Roaster With "RAPID RESPONSE" Ceramic ElementsRead moreJavaPRO-CRC RONCO BASEDRonco Based Augmented Coffee Roasters For Home/Commercial UseRead moreCoffee Roaster Drums For Your BBQ GrillFits In Your Grill. All Stainless Steel All Welded Construction, 1 to 20 lb. CapacityRead more40 lb. Capacity Roaster Drum For 55 Gallon Barrel Projects100% Stainless Steel All Welded Construction. Great For DIY Projects.Read moreQuikSPIN-CRC Motor SystemsHigh Speed 60 RPM Motor Systems For BBQ Grill Coffee RoastingRead moreJavaCOOL-CRC Bean Cooler/Dechaffer Systems3 Models Available. From 5 to 20 lb. Capacity.Read moreHand-Made In The USA Since 2003~ Founder Owned & Operated ~Our Store  $ 349.99 – $ 2,028.99 Select options javaPRO-CRC Ronco Based Series          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF$ 349.99 – $ 2,028.99  $ 299.99 – $ 1,049.99 Select options Coffee Bean Cooler Dechaffer:javaCOOL-CRC$ 299.99 – $ 1,049.99  $ 1,749.99 – $ 5,879.99 Select options javaPRO-CRC ULTRA ‘RAPID-RESPONSE’ Series          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF$ 1,749.99 – $ 5,879.99  $ 379.99 – $ 559.99 Select options 60 RPM Grill Motor System$ 379.99 – $ 559.99  $ 279.99 – $ 1,899.99 Select options Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster Combos$ 279.99 – $ 1,899.99  $ 145.99 – $ 949.99 Select options Coffee Roaster Drum For Outdoor Grills$ 145.99 – $ 949.99  Review Listings Coffee & Espresso Machines From Amazon (courtesy link)  Review Listings Coffee & Espresso Grinders From Amazon (courtesy link)See all products~ One Of Our Popular Products ~The MiniROAST-BBQ Coffee Roaster System 
   Get coffee roasting tips & special offers with our periodic newsletterClick to subscribe      Be A CRC Reseller Earn $$$ On Your Sales! Click Here To Apply MAILING LISTSign up for news & special offers    Email  Contact Information 35-31 Talcottville Road, #234 Vernon, CT 06066 Phone 203-930-8972  
Email
support at coffeeroastersclub dot com InformationAbout us Shipping Terms FAQ Videos Newsletter Signup                                 20% OFF ALL ITEMS30% EXTRA OFF ALL JAVAPRO-CRC's SUMMER DISCOUNT SALE DISCOUNT  ENDS  MIDNIGHT  SUNDAY  JULY 30



 











COUPON CODE: SUMMER2020% Off Coupon Automatically Taken Off At Checkout           Like our Site?  Share It! Share our site with your friends
           
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel





























Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC - Plainville, CT 06062 - Coffee Roasting & Packing




































 

FIND ASUPPLIER
GET AQUOTE
EXPANSIONRELOCATION
INDUSTRYNETBLOG
ABOUTINDUSTRYNET
MARKETINGSOLUTIONS
 








IndustryNet Account
For Buyers:

View Search History and Save Searches
Save Supplier Listings and Add Notes
Save and Review RFQs / RFIs / RFPs

For Suppliers:

Update Your Listing Information
Upgrade Your Listing or Add Categories
View and Respond to Leads








 Keep me logged inForgot?







Don't have an account? Create a FREE account now!







•Account Dashboard
•Manage Listings


•Update Account Info
•Update Password



•Saved Searches
•Search History


•Saved Companies
•Viewed Companies


•Supplier Notes
•Sent Communications



•Received Inquiries
•Received Quote Requests



•Sales Leads
•Mailing Lists


•Email Marketing
•MNI

















 


FIND ASUPPLIER
 
GET AQUOTE
 
EXPANSIONRELOCATION
 
INDUSTRYNETBLOG
 
ABOUTINDUSTRYNET
 
MARKETINGSOLUTIONS



 

 

 

 

 









      





      




































Sun Coffee Roasters, LLC
                        

Location Information


Physical Address:
                                45-D Northwest Dr.
                                Plainville, CT 06062


Mailing Address:
                                45D Northwest Dr
                                Plainville, CT 06062-1267


Contact Information



Phone:



                                    860-517-XXXX (click to view)


                                    860-517-8161




Product & Service Information



Brands:


                                Sun Coffee Roasters
                            



Capabilities:


COFFEE ROASTING & PACKING



Map & Driving Directions

Create a FREE account or log in to existing account to view map & satellite images.



                            Driving direction from:  



Supplier Notes


 



 



























Is this your business? Claim this listing for FREE to update your info, logo, & more! (Video)
                        
                    Get found! Upgrade your listing to move up in the search results and receive buyer inquiries.
                    
                



SIC Code:


(2095) Coffee-roasted




Related Searches:


Companies Starting with "S"
Companies Starting with "SUN"




Other Suppliers:


Baronet Coffee, Inc. (Windsor, CT)

Willoughby's Coffee & Tea (Branford, CT)

Daybreak Coffee Roasters, Inc. (Glastonbury, CT)

Oasis Coffee Corp. (Norwalk, CT)

Saccuzzo Coffee Co (Newington, CT)

Jamaican Gourmet Products, Inc. (Wallingford, CT)




 
 







 
A service of
 
Member of
 
Sponsor of
 

 

 

 

 

 






• Find a Supplier
• About IndustryNet















• Get a Quote
• Buyer Reviews


• Expansion & Relocation Guide
• Marketing Solutions


• IndustryNet Blog
• Add or Upgrade Listing


• ISO Standards & Certifications
• Link to IndustryNet


• Browse All Categories
• Contact IndustryNet


• Browse All Companies
• Legal Information


© 2017 MNI






















CRC | CoffeeRoastersClub.com – We Sell Coffee Roasters

















 



Loading...
BBQ Grill Coffee RoastersAll In One BBQ Coffee Roaster CombosRead moreJavaPRO-CRC ULTRA SeriesCommercial Use Coffee Roaster With "RAPID RESPONSE" Ceramic ElementsRead moreJavaPRO-CRC RONCO BASEDRonco Based Augmented Coffee Roasters For Home/Commercial UseRead moreCoffee Roaster Drums For Your BBQ GrillFits In Your Grill. All Stainless Steel All Welded Construction, 1 to 20 lb. CapacityRead more40 lb. Capacity Roaster Drum For 55 Gallon Barrel Projects100% Stainless Steel All Welded Construction. Great For DIY Projects.Read moreQuikSPIN-CRC Motor SystemsHigh Speed 60 RPM Motor Systems For BBQ Grill Coffee RoastingRead moreJavaCOOL-CRC Bean Cooler/Dechaffer Systems3 Models Available. From 5 to 20 lb. Capacity.Read moreHand-Made In The USA Since 2003~ Founder Owned & Operated ~Our Store  $ 349.99 – $ 2,028.99 Select options javaPRO-CRC Ronco Based Series          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF$ 349.99 – $ 2,028.99  $ 299.99 – $ 1,049.99 Select options Coffee Bean Cooler Dechaffer:javaCOOL-CRC$ 299.99 – $ 1,049.99  $ 1,749.99 – $ 5,879.99 Select options javaPRO-CRC ULTRA ‘RAPID-RESPONSE’ Series          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF$ 1,749.99 – $ 5,879.99  $ 379.99 – $ 559.99 Select options 60 RPM Grill Motor System$ 379.99 – $ 559.99  $ 279.99 – $ 1,899.99 Select options Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster Combos$ 279.99 – $ 1,899.99  $ 145.99 – $ 949.99 Select options Coffee Roaster Drum For Outdoor Grills$ 145.99 – $ 949.99  Review Listings Coffee & Espresso Machines From Amazon (courtesy link)  Review Listings Coffee & Espresso Grinders From Amazon (courtesy link)See all products~ One Of Our Popular Products ~The MiniROAST-BBQ Coffee Roaster System 
   Get coffee roasting tips & special offers with our periodic newsletterClick to subscribe      Be A CRC Reseller Earn $$$ On Your Sales! Click Here To Apply MAILING LISTSign up for news & special offers    Email  Contact Information 35-31 Talcottville Road, #234 Vernon, CT 06066 Phone 203-930-8972  
Email
support at coffeeroastersclub dot com InformationAbout us Shipping Terms FAQ Videos Newsletter Signup                                 20% OFF ALL ITEMS30% EXTRA OFF ALL JAVAPRO-CRC's SUMMER DISCOUNT SALE DISCOUNT  ENDS  MIDNIGHT  SUNDAY  JULY 30



 











COUPON CODE: SUMMER2020% Off Coupon Automatically Taken Off At Checkout           Like our Site?  Share It! Share our site with your friends
           
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel





























Fresh Roasted Coffee - Free Shipping Over $35












































 











FacebookTwitterInstagramFREE SHIPPING OVER $35BLOG WHOLESALE ABOUT US CONTACT REWARDS


FacebookTwitterInstagramFREE SHIPPING OVER $35
 


   Menu
Coffee
Decaf & Half-Caf Coffee
Direct Trade Coffee
FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods
Artisan Blend FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods
Decaf & Half-Caf 2.0 Coffee Pods
FRC 2.0 Coffee Pod Samplers
Single Origin FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods
USDA Organic FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods

Green Unroasted Coffee
African Unroasted Coffee Beans
Caribbean Unroasted Coffee Beans
Central American Unroasted Coffee Beans
Decaf Unroasted Coffee Beans
Indian Unroasted Coffee Beans
Indonesian Unroasted Coffee Beans
Organic Unroasted Coffee Beans
South American Unroasted Coffee Beans

Most Popular Coffee
Roaster's Choice Coffee
USDA Certified Organic Coffee
Single Origin Coffee
African Coffee
Caribbean Coffee
Central American Coffee
Indian Coffee
Indonesian Coffee
North American Coffee
South American Coffee

Artisan Blend Coffee
Coffee Sample Packs
Single Serve Coffee
Artisan Blend Single Serve Coffee
Decaf & Half-Caf Single Serve Coffee
Organic Single Serve Coffee
Single Origin Single Serve Coffee

Coffee Portion Packs

Tea
Organic Black Tea
Organic Green Tea
Organic Herbal Blend Tea
Organic Mate Tea
Organic Oolong Tea
Organic Pu-Erh Tea
Organic Rooibos Tea
Organic White Tea
Organic Positively Tea Cups

Equipment
Brewing Devices
Coffee Grinders

Merch
Apparel
Burlap
Drinkware
Gift Boxes
Gift Certificates

 CartShopping Cart Your cart is empty!   Login 

Login/Register with Facebook
        - OR -Email Address:Password:Forgot Password?or Register an Account





Fresh Roasted Coffee LLC













    






$5.95 FLAT RATE SHIPPING TO CONTINENTAL UNITED STATESFREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OVER $35**after promotions have been applied
Get Updates from Fresh Roasted Coffee 







































Fresh Roasted Coffee - Free Shipping Over $35












































 











FacebookTwitterInstagramFREE SHIPPING OVER $35BLOG WHOLESALE ABOUT US CONTACT REWARDS


FacebookTwitterInstagramFREE SHIPPING OVER $35
 


   Menu
Coffee
Decaf & Half-Caf Coffee
Direct Trade Coffee
FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods
Artisan Blend FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods
Decaf & Half-Caf 2.0 Coffee Pods
FRC 2.0 Coffee Pod Samplers
Single Origin FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods
USDA Organic FRC 2.0 Coffee Pods

Green Unroasted Coffee
African Unroasted Coffee Beans
Caribbean Unroasted Coffee Beans
Central American Unroasted Coffee Beans
Decaf Unroasted Coffee Beans
Indian Unroasted Coffee Beans
Indonesian Unroasted Coffee Beans
Organic Unroasted Coffee Beans
South American Unroasted Coffee Beans

Most Popular Coffee
Roaster's Choice Coffee
USDA Certified Organic Coffee
Single Origin Coffee
African Coffee
Caribbean Coffee
Central American Coffee
Indian Coffee
Indonesian Coffee
North American Coffee
South American Coffee

Artisan Blend Coffee
Coffee Sample Packs
Single Serve Coffee
Artisan Blend Single Serve Coffee
Decaf & Half-Caf Single Serve Coffee
Organic Single Serve Coffee
Single Origin Single Serve Coffee

Coffee Portion Packs

Tea
Organic Black Tea
Organic Green Tea
Organic Herbal Blend Tea
Organic Mate Tea
Organic Oolong Tea
Organic Pu-Erh Tea
Organic Rooibos Tea
Organic White Tea
Organic Positively Tea Cups

Equipment
Brewing Devices
Coffee Grinders

Merch
Apparel
Burlap
Drinkware
Gift Boxes
Gift Certificates

 CartShopping Cart Your cart is empty!   Login 

Login/Register with Facebook
        - OR -Email Address:Password:Forgot Password?or Register an Account





Fresh Roasted Coffee LLC













    






$5.95 FLAT RATE SHIPPING TO CONTINENTAL UNITED STATESFREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS OVER $35**after promotions have been applied
Get Updates from Fresh Roasted Coffee 







































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































Sun Coffee Roasters – A Fair Trade Coffee Company – Fair Trade Coffee – Fair Trade Coffee Companies

























 


















































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP











 









Fair Trade Certified
UTZ Certified
Bird Friendly
OUKosher.org













































REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL
Are you seeking a strategic partner who has the ability to analyze and identify a tailored coffee program (standard, organic or fair trade) that meets and exceeds your customers’ expectations? Sun Coffee Roasters is comprised of a dedicated team of business executives with over 80 years of coffee and brand experience. Sun Coffee Roasters has built a state-of-the-art roasting plant that truly differentiates itself from all other regional roasters. Want to learn more? Call us at (860) 517-8161 and ask for Keith, Ken or Charlie, or just fill out the questionnaire below and we will respond with a strategic outline on how we, together, may be able to grow your business.
Contact Information




Name: 



Title:



Address:



Phone Number: 



Email:



I am a: 

Food Service / Food Distributor
Coffee Distributor
Casino
Chain



I am interested in: 

Distributing Organic Fair Trade
Marketing and sales support for my brand
Equipment / Service
Private Label Program Partnerships



Company Email:



Comments (optional):















Follow Me
































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home












































Sun Coffee Roasters – A Fair Trade Coffee Company – Fair Trade Coffee – Fair Trade Coffee Companies























 


















































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP











 









Fair Trade Certified
UTZ Certified
Bird Friendly
OUKosher.org













































CONTACT US  SUN COFFEE ROASTERS STANDS READY  TO PARTNER WITH YOU TO MEET YOUR NEEDS 

 


Contact UsWe'd love to hear from you!  You can contact us through any of the below methods or by filling out our contact form.
Connect with Sun Local: (860) 517-8161 Toll-free: (866) 942-1678
Fax: (860) 747-4054 Email: info@suncoffeeroasters.com
Office address: 45 Northwest Drive Plainville, CT, 06062
 

 































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home












































Organic Coffee – Certified Organic Coffee – Organic Coffee Beans – Fair Trade Organic Coffee


























 


















































STORY
METHOD
BLENDS
SUPPORT
COLLEGIATE
WHOLESALE
RETAIL
NEWS
CONTACT

RFP











 









Fair Trade Certified
UTZ Certified
Bird Friendly
OUKosher.org













































Blends
Certified Sustainable Fair Trade Blends 
At Sun Coffee Roasters, we partner with over a dozen Fair Trade cooperatives throughout the world including: Africa, India, Indonesia, as well as Central and South America.
It’s through sourcing coffee from many different regions that we are able to create the unique taste profiles for our Fair Trade blends.
Creating flavorful and distinct coffee blends is half art, half science, and every bit as complex as blending fine wine. We have to be mindful of age, quality, and processing. During our roasting process, over 1400 chemical reactions take place in approximately 18 minutes. Unlike many coffee roasters, we don’t dilute our blends with water. We take pride in knowing that we are one of the few roasters in the U.S. that utilize our complex, dry-roasting method.
We are constantly developing new flavor profiles and seeking perfection through tastings where we solicit feedback on taste, body, and finish. Unique blends can be developed to suit your customers’ taste.
Our current blendsCafé Blend • Café Decaf • French Roast • Peruvian • Mexican • Guatemalan • Nicaraguan • Sumatran • Dante's Inferno • Vanilla Nut • Heavenly Hazelnut • Coastal Road • Sun & Moon • Dickens Full City































 












© 2015 Sun Coffee Roasters.





Privacy Policy
Site Map
Home












































Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster Combos – CRC | CoffeeRoastersClub.com



























 




       Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster Combos$ 279.99 – $ 1,899.99     Combo Version (Choose One)   megaROAST-BBQ 20 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill megaROAST-BBQ 20 lb. Capacity WITH Grill supremeROAST-BBQ 10 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill supremeROAST-BBQ 10 lb. Capacity WITH Grill premiumROAST-BBQ 5 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill premiumROAST-BBQ 5 lb. Capacity WITH Grill miniROAST-BBQ 1 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill miniROAST-BBQ 1 lb. Capacity WITH GrillClear        Add to cart



 SKU: ALLINONECRC

 Description 
 Fulfillment & Shipping Information 


Description
 





    Social Media                
Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster
We have four different capacity artisan all-in-one combo outdoor bbq coffee roaster grill systems.   Each system is available with or without a grill.  Note that if you purchase a system with a grill we can only deliver the grill portion of the order to U.S. Mainland States.  If you decide to purchase a BBQ Coffee Roaster without a grill please note that your own grill must be the same (for the 20 or 10 lb. systems) or similar to the grill (for the 5 or 1 lb. systems) intended for use with the applicable system.  All systems (except the 1 lb. version) include our High Speed 60RPM Motor system.  The 1 lb. version (miniROAST-BBQ) includes the Char Broil Premium Rotisserie 6RPM motor assembly which is more than adequate for the lower bean capacity roast.   If you have any questions on whether your grill can be used with a particular system please contact us before purchase as grill measurements are critical for system fit.  Setup and usage manual included with purchase.
These artisan combo systems are great for Farmers Markets and start up roasting businesses.  Save tens of thousands of dollars vs. the cost of a conventional commercial roaster with one today!

To order go to top of this listing and "Choose an option" then "Add to cart" and then either continue shopping or checkout from there.

Following is a description of each available system:
Best Value: megaROAST-BBQ
The megaROAST-BBQ is a 20 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 20 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with our own specially designed rod assembly and our QuikSPIN-CRC high speed motor system.  This system is designed only to fit the Char Broil K6B 6-Burner Grill.  It will not fit any other grill and we do not make it to fit any other grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.  (Grill must be from Amazon as there are different configurations of the Char Broil K6B 6-burner grill and our system will only fit the Amazon version.)  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.
supremeROAST-BBQ
The supremeROAST-BBQ is a 10 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 10 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with our own specially designed rod assembly and our QuikSPIN-CRC high speed motor system.  This system is designed only to fit the Char Broil K6B 6-Burner Grill.  It will not fit any other grill and we do not make it to fit any other grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.  (Grill must be from Amazon as there are different configurations of the Char Broil K6B 6-burner grill and our system will only fit the Amazon version.)  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.
premiumROAST-BBQ
The premiumROAST-BBQ is a 5 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 5 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with our own specially designed rod assembly and our QuikSPIN-CRC high speed motor system.  This system is designed to fit the Char Broil Classic 4-Burner Grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.   This system may fit other grills so if you have a particular grill in mind and wish to see if our system will fit please contact us prior to purchase.  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.
Great For Beginners:  miniROAST-BBQ
(see video)
The miniROAST-BBQ is a 1 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 1 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with the Char Broil Premium Universal Fit rotisserie.  This system is designed to fit the Char Broil Classic 300 2-Burner Grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on for use with this system or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.  This system may fit other grills so if you have a particular grill in mind and wish to see if our system will fit please contact us prior to purchase.  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.

Fulfillment & Shipping Information 





    Social Media                
All BBQ Coffee Roaster versions are made to order and have a 6 calendar week lead time until shipment commences. Orders including grill purchase can only be shipped to U.S. Mainland destinations.  Shipping Fees indicated during checkout. Full shipping details available by clicking here.
Please Read For Outside of U.S.A. Deliveries: Customs and/or brokerage fees may be applicable for out-of-country deliveries and are the responsibility of the buyer.  
      Be A CRC Reseller Earn $$$ On Your Sales! Click Here To Apply MAILING LISTSign up for news & special offers    Email  Contact Information 35-31 Talcottville Road, #234 Vernon, CT 06066 Phone 203-930-8972  
Email
support at coffeeroastersclub dot com InformationAbout us Shipping Terms FAQ Videos Newsletter Signup                                 20% OFF ALL ITEMS30% EXTRA OFF ALL JAVAPRO-CRC's SUMMER DISCOUNT SALE DISCOUNT  ENDS  MIDNIGHT  SUNDAY  JULY 30



 











COUPON CODE: SUMMER2020% Off Coupon Automatically Taken Off At Checkout           Like our Site?  Share It! Share our site with your friends
                          



    

 
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel












































javaPRO-CRC ULTRA ‘RAPID-RESPONSE’ Series – CRC | CoffeeRoastersClub.com



























 




              30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF   javaPRO-CRC ULTRA ‘RAPID-RESPONSE’ Series$ 1,749.99 – $ 5,879.99     Model/Version (choose one)   javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 1 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 1 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 2 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 2 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 5 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 5 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 10 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 10 lb. CapacityClear        Add to cart



 SKU: JAVAPROCRC   Description   Fulfillment & Shipping Information    Description   Social Media                
The  javaPRO-CRC ULTRA 'RAPID-RESPONSE' Series Indoor Electric Coffee Roaster
PID Temperature Controlled With Infrared Heating Elements
(non-PID versions also available) 
If you want a 100% U.S. Made coffee roaster that will last a lifetime (read our Exclusive Lifetime Warranty) and is manufactured using the highest grade components then this is the roaster to get.    It has 4 different capacity sizes to choose from.  (The 10 lb. capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA is shown on the top of this page and in pictures shown below.  All capacities are similar in look.)  Please scroll down and read about this roaster.
To order go to top of this listing and choose a Model/Version then "Add to cart" and then either continue shopping or checkout from there.

Details of the javaPRO-CRC ULTRA 'RAPID-RESPONSE' Series
"Hi Len- I just wanted to let you know that everything is great with the Ultra 10lb roaster!" - Barry from Pennsylvania
Four different capacities available: 1, 2, 5, & 10 lb.  This coffee roaster is a proprietary design of CoffeeRoastersClub. Note that roaster shown in below pictures is the 10 lb. Version.  1 lb., 2 lb., & 5 lb. versions are smaller but same overall look. 10 lb. version is shown in the product listing on top of this page.

The interior shell of the coffee roaster is thick 18 gauge food quality stainless steel.  The back and sides are covered in ceramic insulation (for superior heat retention) and  held in place with a special outer aluminum cover.  All stainless front door has a glass viewing port.  Drum is nicely backlit during roasting operation so you can see the beans tumble in the drum while roasting.

Coffee roaster drum is 100% Stainless Steel, welded construction.  Drum perforations are 5/32" diameter. Drum has Internal mixing vanes. Drum rotates at 60 RPM which is considered optimal RPM.
Roaster has two banks of high efficiency Rapid-Response ceramic infrared heating elements.  One bank is located on the upper back wall of the roaster and one on the lower back wall of the roaster.  1 lb. capacity draws 1,000 watts, 2 lb. capacity draws 1,500 watts, 5 lb. capacity draws 2,000 watts, and 10 lb. capacity draws 3,000 watts.
A chaff collection pan sits on bottom floor of roaster.
The PID uses a thermocouple probe which inserts through the side of the roaster right into the drum to read bean mass temperature. The PID provides electronic temperature control to automatically adjust roasting temperature.  This allows precise temperature adjustments for complex roast profiles.
Non-PID Versions also available.  These versions use 2 manual switches in place of a PID to control heating elements.  An analog long-stem thermometer is used in place of thermocouple probe.  Temperature is controlled by manually turning switches on or off.
1 lb. & 2 lb. version uses typical 15 amp 3 prong plug.  5 lb. version uses 20 amp plug. 10 lb. version uses 30 amp plug.  You will need the applicable electrical outlet for each coffee roaster.
 Photos (click photo to enlarge):

       
Roasting Times & Method Applicable To All javaPRO-CRC ULTRA's 
 To summarize roasting operation: Take out coffee roaster drum and fill with coffee beans.  Reinsert coffee roaster drum.  Insert temperature probe into bean mass.  Turn on motor & heating elements.  Turn on exhaust fan when necessary.  Roast to desired roast level then turn off motor and heating elements.  Remove drum with heat proof gloves and dump beans into a cooling utensil.  Dechaff beans with a Bean Cooler/Dechaffer. Typical roasting times are 20 - 25 minutes for a full load to City+.  Less beans than rated capacity being roasted will decrease the amount of time to achieve desired roast.  You may preheat roaster to get 5% to 10% reduction in roasting time.
Ventilation Applicable To All javaPRO-CRC ULTRA's
All roasters have a ventilation system for smoke extraction which vents roasting smoke to the outside. This system is attached to side of coffee roaster.  A 4 foot length of 4" diameter expandable aluminum ventilation tubing (6" diameter on the 10 lb. version) is included for use with the ventilation system. This tubing is intended for temporary use. We recommend solid wall tubing for permanent installation.

Roaster Colors
All ULTRA models are stainless steel without exception.
Instructional Manuals
 Complete operating and roasting instructions included with all coffee roaster models.
Roasting Capacities Referenced
 Note that roasting capacity indicated is raw unroasted bean weight.

OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION:  Check with local zoning and fire department for necessary permits, smoke ductwork needed, etc. prior to purchase.  Obey all safety precautions.  Never leave coffee roaster unattended while roasting.  Heat proof gloves should be worn when using coffee roaster.  Extension cords should not be used with coffee roaster (or any electric coffee roaster for that matter) as they typically lower voltage.
 Fulfillment & Shipping Information  Social Media                
All javaPRO-CRC ULTRA's are made to order and have an 8 calendar week lead time until shipment commences. Shipping Fees indicated during checkout. Full shipping details available by clicking here.
Please Read For Outside of U.S.A. Deliveries: Customs and/or brokerage fees may be applicable for out-of-country deliveries and are the responsibility of the buyer.  
  You may also like…   javaPRO-CRC Ronco Based Series          30   % OFF$ 349.99 – $ 2,028.99 Select options

      Be A CRC Reseller Earn $$$ On Your Sales! Click Here To Apply MAILING LISTSign up for news & special offers    Email  Contact Information 35-31 Talcottville Road, #234 Vernon, CT 06066 Phone 203-930-8972  
Email
support at coffeeroastersclub dot com InformationAbout us Shipping Terms FAQ Videos Newsletter Signup                                 20% OFF ALL ITEMS30% EXTRA OFF ALL JAVAPRO-CRC's SUMMER DISCOUNT SALE DISCOUNT  ENDS  MIDNIGHT  SUNDAY  JULY 30



 











COUPON CODE: SUMMER2020% Off Coupon Automatically Taken Off At Checkout           Like our Site?  Share It! Share our site with your friends
                



    

 
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel









































Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster Combos – CRC | CoffeeRoastersClub.com



























 




       Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster Combos$ 279.99 – $ 1,899.99     Combo Version (Choose One)   megaROAST-BBQ 20 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill megaROAST-BBQ 20 lb. Capacity WITH Grill supremeROAST-BBQ 10 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill supremeROAST-BBQ 10 lb. Capacity WITH Grill premiumROAST-BBQ 5 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill premiumROAST-BBQ 5 lb. Capacity WITH Grill miniROAST-BBQ 1 lb. Capacity WITHOUT Grill miniROAST-BBQ 1 lb. Capacity WITH GrillClear        Add to cart



 SKU: ALLINONECRC

 Description 
 Fulfillment & Shipping Information 


Description
 





    Social Media                
Artisan BBQ Coffee Roaster
We have four different capacity artisan all-in-one combo outdoor bbq coffee roaster grill systems.   Each system is available with or without a grill.  Note that if you purchase a system with a grill we can only deliver the grill portion of the order to U.S. Mainland States.  If you decide to purchase a BBQ Coffee Roaster without a grill please note that your own grill must be the same (for the 20 or 10 lb. systems) or similar to the grill (for the 5 or 1 lb. systems) intended for use with the applicable system.  All systems (except the 1 lb. version) include our High Speed 60RPM Motor system.  The 1 lb. version (miniROAST-BBQ) includes the Char Broil Premium Rotisserie 6RPM motor assembly which is more than adequate for the lower bean capacity roast.   If you have any questions on whether your grill can be used with a particular system please contact us before purchase as grill measurements are critical for system fit.  Setup and usage manual included with purchase.
These artisan combo systems are great for Farmers Markets and start up roasting businesses.  Save tens of thousands of dollars vs. the cost of a conventional commercial roaster with one today!

To order go to top of this listing and "Choose an option" then "Add to cart" and then either continue shopping or checkout from there.

Following is a description of each available system:
Best Value: megaROAST-BBQ
The megaROAST-BBQ is a 20 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 20 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with our own specially designed rod assembly and our QuikSPIN-CRC high speed motor system.  This system is designed only to fit the Char Broil K6B 6-Burner Grill.  It will not fit any other grill and we do not make it to fit any other grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.  (Grill must be from Amazon as there are different configurations of the Char Broil K6B 6-burner grill and our system will only fit the Amazon version.)  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.
supremeROAST-BBQ
The supremeROAST-BBQ is a 10 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 10 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with our own specially designed rod assembly and our QuikSPIN-CRC high speed motor system.  This system is designed only to fit the Char Broil K6B 6-Burner Grill.  It will not fit any other grill and we do not make it to fit any other grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.  (Grill must be from Amazon as there are different configurations of the Char Broil K6B 6-burner grill and our system will only fit the Amazon version.)  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.
premiumROAST-BBQ
The premiumROAST-BBQ is a 5 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 5 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with our own specially designed rod assembly and our QuikSPIN-CRC high speed motor system.  This system is designed to fit the Char Broil Classic 4-Burner Grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.   This system may fit other grills so if you have a particular grill in mind and wish to see if our system will fit please contact us prior to purchase.  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.
Great For Beginners:  miniROAST-BBQ
(see video)
The miniROAST-BBQ is a 1 lb. capacity BBQ Coffee Roaster system comprised of our 1 lb. capacity All Stainless Steel drum, integrated with the Char Broil Premium Universal Fit rotisserie.  This system is designed to fit the Char Broil Classic 300 2-Burner Grill.  Grill can be purchased from us as an add-on for use with this system or you may purchase it directly from Amazon at this link.  This system may fit other grills so if you have a particular grill in mind and wish to see if our system will fit please contact us prior to purchase.  Propane tank for grill not included with purchase.

Fulfillment & Shipping Information 





    Social Media                
All BBQ Coffee Roaster versions are made to order and have a 6 calendar week lead time until shipment commences. Orders including grill purchase can only be shipped to U.S. Mainland destinations.  Shipping Fees indicated during checkout. Full shipping details available by clicking here.
Please Read For Outside of U.S.A. Deliveries: Customs and/or brokerage fees may be applicable for out-of-country deliveries and are the responsibility of the buyer.  
      Be A CRC Reseller Earn $$$ On Your Sales! Click Here To Apply MAILING LISTSign up for news & special offers    Email  Contact Information 35-31 Talcottville Road, #234 Vernon, CT 06066 Phone 203-930-8972  
Email
support at coffeeroastersclub dot com InformationAbout us Shipping Terms FAQ Videos Newsletter Signup                                 20% OFF ALL ITEMS30% EXTRA OFF ALL JAVAPRO-CRC's SUMMER DISCOUNT SALE DISCOUNT  ENDS  MIDNIGHT  SUNDAY  JULY 30



 











COUPON CODE: SUMMER2020% Off Coupon Automatically Taken Off At Checkout           Like our Site?  Share It! Share our site with your friends
                          



    

 
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel












































javaPRO-CRC ULTRA ‘RAPID-RESPONSE’ Series – CRC | CoffeeRoastersClub.com



























 




              30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF          30   % OFF   javaPRO-CRC ULTRA ‘RAPID-RESPONSE’ Series$ 1,749.99 – $ 5,879.99     Model/Version (choose one)   javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 1 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 1 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 2 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 2 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 5 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 5 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA Non-PID 10 lb. Capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA PID 10 lb. CapacityClear        Add to cart



 SKU: JAVAPROCRC   Description   Fulfillment & Shipping Information    Description   Social Media                
The  javaPRO-CRC ULTRA 'RAPID-RESPONSE' Series Indoor Electric Coffee Roaster
PID Temperature Controlled With Infrared Heating Elements
(non-PID versions also available) 
If you want a 100% U.S. Made coffee roaster that will last a lifetime (read our Exclusive Lifetime Warranty) and is manufactured using the highest grade components then this is the roaster to get.    It has 4 different capacity sizes to choose from.  (The 10 lb. capacity javaPRO-CRC ULTRA is shown on the top of this page and in pictures shown below.  All capacities are similar in look.)  Please scroll down and read about this roaster.
To order go to top of this listing and choose a Model/Version then "Add to cart" and then either continue shopping or checkout from there.

Details of the javaPRO-CRC ULTRA 'RAPID-RESPONSE' Series
"Hi Len- I just wanted to let you know that everything is great with the Ultra 10lb roaster!" - Barry from Pennsylvania
Four different capacities available: 1, 2, 5, & 10 lb.  This coffee roaster is a proprietary design of CoffeeRoastersClub. Note that roaster shown in below pictures is the 10 lb. Version.  1 lb., 2 lb., & 5 lb. versions are smaller but same overall look. 10 lb. version is shown in the product listing on top of this page.

The interior shell of the coffee roaster is thick 18 gauge food quality stainless steel.  The back and sides are covered in ceramic insulation (for superior heat retention) and  held in place with a special outer aluminum cover.  All stainless front door has a glass viewing port.  Drum is nicely backlit during roasting operation so you can see the beans tumble in the drum while roasting.

Coffee roaster drum is 100% Stainless Steel, welded construction.  Drum perforations are 5/32" diameter. Drum has Internal mixing vanes. Drum rotates at 60 RPM which is considered optimal RPM.
Roaster has two banks of high efficiency Rapid-Response ceramic infrared heating elements.  One bank is located on the upper back wall of the roaster and one on the lower back wall of the roaster.  1 lb. capacity draws 1,000 watts, 2 lb. capacity draws 1,500 watts, 5 lb. capacity draws 2,000 watts, and 10 lb. capacity draws 3,000 watts.
A chaff collection pan sits on bottom floor of roaster.
The PID uses a thermocouple probe which inserts through the side of the roaster right into the drum to read bean mass temperature. The PID provides electronic temperature control to automatically adjust roasting temperature.  This allows precise temperature adjustments for complex roast profiles.
Non-PID Versions also available.  These versions use 2 manual switches in place of a PID to control heating elements.  An analog long-stem thermometer is used in place of thermocouple probe.  Temperature is controlled by manually turning switches on or off.
1 lb. & 2 lb. version uses typical 15 amp 3 prong plug.  5 lb. version uses 20 amp plug. 10 lb. version uses 30 amp plug.  You will need the applicable electrical outlet for each coffee roaster.
 Photos (click photo to enlarge):

       
Roasting Times & Method Applicable To All javaPRO-CRC ULTRA's 
 To summarize roasting operation: Take out coffee roaster drum and fill with coffee beans.  Reinsert coffee roaster drum.  Insert temperature probe into bean mass.  Turn on motor & heating elements.  Turn on exhaust fan when necessary.  Roast to desired roast level then turn off motor and heating elements.  Remove drum with heat proof gloves and dump beans into a cooling utensil.  Dechaff beans with a Bean Cooler/Dechaffer. Typical roasting times are 20 - 25 minutes for a full load to City+.  Less beans than rated capacity being roasted will decrease the amount of time to achieve desired roast.  You may preheat roaster to get 5% to 10% reduction in roasting time.
Ventilation Applicable To All javaPRO-CRC ULTRA's
All roasters have a ventilation system for smoke extraction which vents roasting smoke to the outside. This system is attached to side of coffee roaster.  A 4 foot length of 4" diameter expandable aluminum ventilation tubing (6" diameter on the 10 lb. version) is included for use with the ventilation system. This tubing is intended for temporary use. We recommend solid wall tubing for permanent installation.

Roaster Colors
All ULTRA models are stainless steel without exception.
Instructional Manuals
 Complete operating and roasting instructions included with all coffee roaster models.
Roasting Capacities Referenced
 Note that roasting capacity indicated is raw unroasted bean weight.

OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION:  Check with local zoning and fire department for necessary permits, smoke ductwork needed, etc. prior to purchase.  Obey all safety precautions.  Never leave coffee roaster unattended while roasting.  Heat proof gloves should be worn when using coffee roaster.  Extension cords should not be used with coffee roaster (or any electric coffee roaster for that matter) as they typically lower voltage.
 Fulfillment & Shipping Information  Social Media                
All javaPRO-CRC ULTRA's are made to order and have an 8 calendar week lead time until shipment commences. Shipping Fees indicated during checkout. Full shipping details available by clicking here.
Please Read For Outside of U.S.A. Deliveries: Customs and/or brokerage fees may be applicable for out-of-country deliveries and are the responsibility of the buyer.  
  You may also like…   javaPRO-CRC Ronco Based Series          30   % OFF$ 349.99 – $ 2,028.99 Select options

      Be A CRC Reseller Earn $$$ On Your Sales! Click Here To Apply MAILING LISTSign up for news & special offers    Email  Contact Information 35-31 Talcottville Road, #234 Vernon, CT 06066 Phone 203-930-8972  
Email
support at coffeeroastersclub dot com InformationAbout us Shipping Terms FAQ Videos Newsletter Signup                                 20% OFF ALL ITEMS30% EXTRA OFF ALL JAVAPRO-CRC's SUMMER DISCOUNT SALE DISCOUNT  ENDS  MIDNIGHT  SUNDAY  JULY 30



 











COUPON CODE: SUMMER2020% Off Coupon Automatically Taken Off At Checkout           Like our Site?  Share It! Share our site with your friends
                



    

 
Send this to a friendYour emailRecipient emailSendCancel



































