


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:16 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeJohn Thomas Genoy  16 RelationshipsChief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, and Director48Gregory Neal Bressler J.D.No RelationshipsChief Legal Officer, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Assistant Secretary51
SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  335.5KBonus  974.2KTotal Short Term Compensation  683.1KTotal Value of Options  3.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESAquila Services Group plc Appoints Derek Joseph as Chairman, Replacing Jeff ZitronJuly 28, 2017 6:00 AM ETMedallion Financial Corp. Appoints John W. Everets as Independent DirectorJuly 27, 2017 8:15 PM ETKestra Financial Names Mark Schoenbeck as Executive Vice President, National Sales DirectorJuly 27, 2017 6:11 PM ETBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited Announces Change of DirectorsJuly 27, 2017 4:01 PM ETBlackRock Greater Europe Investment Trust plc Announces Board AppointmentsJuly 27, 2017 2:16 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. - SunAmerica Money Market Fund, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




































	
		
		
		AIG Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:AIG

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC

65.25 0.08 (0.12 %)as of 1:01:31pm ET 07/28/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade
Option Chain


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    U.S. senators concerned Icahn is influencing regulators on AIG
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    6:03 PM ET 07/27/2017
                                                


Two prominent U.S. Democratic senators are raising questions about President Donald Trump's special adviser, Carl Icahn, asking in a letter on Thursday if the activist investor is attempting to persuade the government to lift its "too big to fail" tag from insurer American International Group.

















                                                    Hail, pummeled cars loom over U.S. insurance results
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    1:00 AM ET 07/24/2017
                                                


A hailstorm that pounded down on a Subaru dealership in Plano, Texas, barely lasted 30 minutes, but left behind a trail of smashed windows, dented hoods and millions of dollars' worth of claims for an insurer to cough up.

















                                                    U.S. financial regulators to discuss MetLife lawsuit next week
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    6:23 PM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


Heads of the U.S. financial regulatory agencies will meet behind closed doors next Friday to discuss MetLife Inc's (MET) lawsuit against them, according to a notice from Treasury, as the Trump administration wrestles with reforms put in place in response to the financial crisis.

















                                                    Travelers' quarterly profit falls on higher catastrophe losses
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    7:16 AM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


Property and casualty insurer Travelers Cos Inc (TRV) reported a 10.4 percent fall in quarterly profit on Thursday, hurt by higher catastrophe losses and lower underwriting gains. Pretax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance, rose to $403 million in the second quarter, from $333 million a year earlier, mainly due to wind and hail storms in several regions in the United States.

















                                                    BRIEF-AIG says Seraina Macia's compensation will consist of annual base salary of $875,000
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    5:11 PM ET 07/18/2017
                                                


American International Group Inc (AIG). * AIG - in connection with Seraina Macia's appointment, her initial compensation will consist of annual base salary of $875,000. * AIG says Macia was also granted a one-time, sign-on award of $1.4 million in form of restricted stock units - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    AIG appoints Seraina Macia to head its technology unit
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:50 AM ET 07/13/2017
                                                


American International Group Inc (AIG) hired on Thursday Seraina Macia as chief executive of its technology focused unit as the U.S. insurer looks to expand its data mining and analytics capabilities. Macia was most recently chief executive officer at Hamilton USA, the North American platform of Hamilton Insurance Group.

















                                                    BRIEF-AIG appoints Seraina Macia CEO of planned technology-focused subsidiary
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    7:43 AM ET 07/13/2017
                                                


American International Group Inc (AIG) - * AIG announces the appointment of Seraina Macia as chief executive officer of planned technology-focused subsidiary. * AIG announces the appointment of seraina macia as chief executive officer of planned technology-focused subsidiary.

















                                                    AIG Announces the Appointment of Seraina Macia as Chief Executive Officer of Planned Technology-Focused Subsidiary
                                                


                                                    Business Wire – 
                                                    7:30 AM ET 07/13/2017
                                                


American International Group, Inc. (AIG) announced today the appointment of Seraina Macia as Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of a new planned subsidiary that aims to transform the way that AIG delivers and underwrites commercial insurance. This Smart News Release features multimedia.

















                                                    Technical Reports on Insurance Equities -- American International, Berkshire Hathaway, MGIC Investment, and Progressive
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    11:20 AM ET 07/10/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, July 10, 2017 If you want a Stock Review on AIG, BRK-B, MTG or PGR then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report today. http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ American International Group . New York-based American International Group Inc.'s (AIG) shares finished Friday's session 0.43% higher at $63.35. A total volume of 3.25 million sha...

















                                                    MetLife seeks new delay in 'too big to fail' case to wait for Trump
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    5:11 PM ET 07/06/2017
                                                


MetLife Inc (MET) on Thursday asked for another delay in the long-running case over whether the U.S. government should have labeled it as "too big to fail," warning that the Trump administration may want to withdraw the government's appeal. A U.S. Appeals court in May granted a 60-day abeyance in the appeal filed by the administration of Democratic former President Barack Obama.

















                                                    New AIG executive to get $15 mln sign-on bonus, $1.25 mln salary
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    11:53 AM ET 07/06/2017
                                                


American International Group Inc's (AIG) new global chief operating officer will receive an annual base salary of $1.25 million and a $15 million sign-on bonus, the largest U.S. commercial property and casualty insurer said in a filing on Thursday.

















                                                    AIG names Peter Zaffino COO effective August 1
                                                


                                                    MarketWatch – 
                                                    7:48 AM ET 07/06/2017
                                                


American International Group Inc. (AIG) said it has named Peter Zaffino as its new chief operating officer, effective August 1. Zaffino comes to the role from Marsh LLC, a unit of insurance brokerage Marsh& McLennan Cos. Inc., where he was chief executive. Zaffino has also done stints at Guy Carpenter& Co. and at a GE Capital portfolio company.

















                                                    BRIEF-AIG says Zaffino​'s initial compensation to consist of an annual base salary of $1.25 mln
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    7:43 AM ET 07/06/2017
                                                


AIG. * Says Peter Zaffino​'s initial compensation will consist of an annual base salary of $1.25 million.













						                            
			                                AIG names Peter Zaffino COO effective Aug. 1
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                7:42 AM ET 07/06/2017
			                            
















                                                    For CEOs, High Pay, Higher Anxiety -- WSJ
                                                


                                                    DJ Business News – 
                                                    2:47 AM ET 07/06/2017
                                                


This article is being republished as part of our daily reproduction of WSJ.com articles that also appeared in the U.S. print edition of The Wall Street Journal. The bosses of America's biggest and best-known companies are learning a common lesson this year: The pay is great, but job security has rarely been shakier. In June alone, the chief executives of General Electric Co., Uber Technologies Inc., Whirlpool Corp. (WHR), Buffalo Wild Wings Inc. (BWLD), Perrigo Co. (PRGO) and Pandora Media Inc. (P) resigned...

















                                                    AIG CEO Taps Peter Zaffino As Key Lieutenant -- 3rd Update
                                                


                                                    DJ Business News – 
                                                    6:23 PM ET 07/05/2017
                                                


New American International Group Inc. Chief Executive Brian Duperreault hired former Marsh& McLennan Cos. colleague Peter Zaffino to be one of his top lieutenants, his first high-profile recruit since joining the insurance giant in May. Zaffino will start as executive vice president and global chief operating officer on Aug. 1. Current chief operating officer Jeffrey Hurd will leave AIG at the end of July, according to an employee memo from Mr. Duperreault that was reviewed by...

















                                                    AIG taps Marsh executive to work alongside new CEO
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    5:23 PM ET 07/05/2017
                                                


American International Group Inc (AIG) said on Wednesday that it has named the head of Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc's brokerage business to work alongside the insurance giant's new chief executive, Brian Duperreault, as chief operating officer.

















                                                    Fed posts banks' 'living wills,' gives AIG, Prudential more time
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    4:45 PM ET 07/05/2017
                                                


U.S. bank regulators on Wednesday posted plans submitted by eight of the nations largest banks for how they could be dissolved in a crisis and gave American International Group, Inc (AIG) and Prudential Financial (PRU) an extra year to submit their plans.

















                                                    AIG CEO Taps Peter Zaffino As Key Lieutenant -- Update
                                                


                                                    DJ Business News – 
                                                    4:36 PM ET 07/05/2017
                                                


New American International Group Inc. Chief Executive Brian Duperreault has hired former Marsh& McLennan Cos. colleague Peter Zaffino to be one of his top lieutenants, according to people familiar with the matter. Duperreault's first high-profile recruit since joining the insurance giant in May. Zaffino most recently was CEO of Marsh& McLennan's Marsh brokerage unit, a job he held starting in 2011. He was also chairman of Marsh& McLennan's risk and insurance-services...

















                                                    BRIEF-Marsh & Mclennan Companies appoints John Doyle CEO of marsh
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    4:25 PM ET 07/05/2017
                                                


Marsh & Mclennan Companies Inc: * Marsh & Mclennan companies (MMC) appoints John Doyle chief executive officer of Marsh. * Marsh & Mclennan (MMC) - Doyle succeeds Peter Zaffino, who has accepted a leadership role at AIG. * Marsh & Mclennan (MMC) - prior to joining Marsh & Mclennan (MMC) in 2016, Doyle was chief executive officer for AIG's commercial insurance businesses worldwide.












Page: 


Page 1
|
Next >






Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
2


AIG to announce Q2 earnings After Market (Confirmed)








Aug
3


AIG Earnings Conference Call at 9:00 AM
        Listen









Past Events (last 90 days)




Jun
28


Shareholders Meeting








Jun
12


AIG ex-Dividend for $0.32 on 6/12/2017


Announce Date: 5/3/2017
Record Date: 6/14/2017
Pay Date: 6/28/2017








Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































SunAmerica Mutual Funds Rebrand to AIG FundsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 hrs 44 minsS&P 5002,469.25-6.17 (-0.25%)Dow 3021,793.41-3.14 (-0.01%)Nasdaq6,373.78-8.41 (-0.13%)Today's ChartsDon't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3SunAmerica Mutual Funds Rebrand to AIG FundsBusiness WireJanuary 11, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--American International Group, Inc. (AIG) today announced the rebranding of its retail mutual fund family to AIG Funds from SunAmerica Mutual Funds, effective February 28, 2017.By rebranding its retail mutual fund family, AIG is able to provide financial professionals and consumers diversified investment and income products under a single brand.“We are committed to creating a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer,” said Kevin Hogan, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of AIG’s Consumer Insurance. “By aligning the SunAmerica brand more closely with AIG, we are able to leverage the strength and scale to build greater awareness and visibility among our core audience of financial professionals and consumers.”The name and logo under which the retail mutual funds are marketed is being transitioned to the AIG brand. Each fund series, or registrant, will retain “SunAmerica” in its name. There will be no change to the retail mutual funds’ adviser (SunAmerica Asset Management, LLC) or to the funds’ investment goals or strategies, portfolio managers, ticker symbols or CUSIPs in connection with the transition. In addition to the product rebranding, a new website will be available on February 28, 2017 at www.aig.com/funds.Effective February 28, 2017, the funds will be named:SunAmerica Series, Inc. AIG Focused Dividend Strategy Fund  AIG Active Allocation Fund  AIG Multi-Asset Allocation Fund  AIG Select Dividend Growth Fund  AIG Strategic Value Fund SunAmerica Equity Funds AIG International Dividend Strategy Fund  AIG Japan Fund SunAmerica Income Funds AIG Flexible Credit Fund  AIG Strategic Bond Fund  AIG U.S. Government Securities Fund SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc. AIG Government Money Market Fund SunAmerica Senior Floating Rate Fund, Inc. AIG Senior Floating Rate Fund SunAmerica Specialty Series AIG Commodity Strategy Fund  AIG Global Trends Fund  AIG Focused Multi-Cap Growth Fund  AIG Focused Alpha Large-Cap Fund  AIG Income Explorer Fund  AIG Small-Cap Fund During this process, the SunAmerica Focused Alpha Growth Fund will be renamed the AIG Focused Multi-Cap Growth Fund. The 2020 High Watermark Fund will not change its name.Funds are distributed by AIG Capital Services, Inc. (ACS), a FINRA Member.More information can be found at www.safunds.com.Mutual funds are subject to risk including market risk as well as additional risks, which vary depending on the type of fund. The investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be higher or lower than the original cost.Investors should carefully consider a Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus, containing this and other important information, can be obtained from your financial adviser, or by calling the Sales Desk at 800-858-8850, ext. 6003. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. Founded in 1919, today AIG member companies provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to customers in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. These diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.Additional information about AIG can be found at www.aig.com and www.aig.com/strategyupdate | YouTube: www.youtube.com/aig | Twitter: @AIGinsurance | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/aig. These references with additional information about AIG have been provided as a convenience, and the information contained on such websites is not incorporated by reference into this press release.AIG is the marketing name for the worldwide property-casualty, life and retirement, and general insurance operations of American International Group, Inc. For additional information, please visit our website at www.aig.com. All products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. Products or services may not be available in all countries, and coverage is subject to actual policy language. Non-insurance products and services may be provided by independent third parties. Certain property-casualty coverages may be provided by a surplus lines insurer. Surplus lines insurers do not generally participate in state guaranty funds, and insureds are therefore not protected by such funds.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005370/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceWhy Apple is discontinuing these iPodsYahoo Finance VideoThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredHow a one-of-a-kind business has kept 5,000 kitchens out of landfillsYahoo FinanceThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderBlue Apron gets some bullish callsYahoo Finance VideoStocks whiff as earnings and economic data pour inYahoo FinanceZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredWall Street dragged lower by Amazon, tobacco stocksReutersThe 37 Most Profitable Markets for Home SellersCredit.comTrump Is Acting Suspicious Because He ‘May Be’ Innocent, Fox News SaysBen: I always hire a slew of lawyers when I haven't done anything so it makes perfect sense. 😂😂Join the Conversation1 / 51.3k












Invention Marketing & Licensing Help For Patents and New Product Ideas







































 
 






651.552.0080
info@lambertinvent.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 










Does Your Invention Need a Boost?
 We are a premier invention marketing and licensing firm that represents inventors on contingency. 
Learn More
 
 
 




Launching Inventions

Our one goal is to get your new invention on the market and earn you royalties.  Learn more about some of our successfully licensed inventions.

View Invention Successes
 
 
 



Ready for your Invention to Soar?
 For your invention to take off, you need to take the first step. 
Submit Your Invention
 
 
 
 
 
 



Need Help With Your Invention or Product Idea?
If you are an inventor with a patent or just someone who has one great idea for a new invention, we can help you make it very profitable.
We are licensing agents in search of great inventions, both with patents and without patents, to bring to market by way of a licensing agreement.
Simply put, we find companies who will manufacture and distribute your invention and give you a generous royalty percentage of sales.
Let Us Pay For It!
Besides a nominal small fee to evaluate your invention, which only serves to weed out those that are simply curious, we are only compensated when we license a deal for you.
Depending on how developed your invention is at the time you submit it, our services of marketing and licensing for your invention or patent can range but may include:
Invention Marketing and Licensing Services



•  Patent assistance
•  Market research
•  Prototype development
•  Engineered drawings
•  Computer renderings
•  Manufacturing feasibility
•  Invention marketing material creation
•  Networking with potential licensees
•  Trade show representation
•  Invention presentation
•  Licensing negotiation
•  License agreement administration



So, if your invention is great like you say it is, and we choose to represent you, all other costs for seeking a license deal will be paid by us!
There are no hidden charges, no large up-front fees, just a no-risk-high-reward offer that we are making to those with great inventions!
 
 



Invention Success Stories
Our one goal is to get your new invention on the market. Learn more about some of our successfully licensed products.
Learn More >
 
 

w
Contact Us
Have a question not covered on our website? We want to hear from you.
Contact L&L >
 
 


Submit Your Invention
There are three ways of submitting your new invention to our firm, please follow the directions or contact us.
Start Today >
 
 
 
 


Hear What Some Of Our Clients Are Saying…
 
 
 



				“Thank you for licensing my product twice! Your persistent, professional and SUCCESSFUL efforts to create royalty revenue are truly commendable.”
				Barry E.
Inventor of Powertach, Louisville, KY
 
 
 


				“After two other companies failed, Lambert & Lambert got my product on the market…Thank you L&L!”
				Arthur B.
Inventor of the Easy Carver, Miami, FL
 
 
 


				 “Working with Lambert & Lambert has been a pleasure.  They are true professionals.  I couldn’t have done it without them!” 
				Terry S.
Inventor of Instant Trainer, Boise, ID
 
 
 
 


Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are selling in:

 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 




Our Invention Services
				 Lambert & Lambert offers contingency based representation services for inventors and entrepreneurs.  With a long list of successfully launched products, we want yours to be next!



Learn More

 
 
 






About L&L
We are a professional license agency bringing new inventions to market.  We work with inventors just like you!
About Us >





 
 
 



License Your Invention
With increased pace of technology, companies are in need of new invention ideas more than ever. Learn how to capitalize.
Learn About Licensing > 





 
 
 


t
Have A Question?
Find the answers to common questions regarding our marketing and licensing services for your invention.
Get Answers >





 
 
 



Submit Your Invention
There are three ways of submitting your new invention to our firm, please follow the directions or contact us.
Start Today >





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















SunAmerica Mutual Funds Rebrand To AIG Funds - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































SunAmerica Mutual Funds Rebrand To AIG Funds






Business Wire




Jan 11, 2017 8:00 AM EST













 




























































  American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) today announced the rebranding of its retail mutual fund family to AIG Funds from SunAmerica Mutual Funds, effective February 28, 2017.  By rebranding its retail mutual fund family, AIG is able to provide financial professionals and consumers diversified investment and income products under a single brand.  "We are committed to creating a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer," said Kevin Hogan, Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of AIG's Consumer Insurance. "By aligning the SunAmerica brand more closely with AIG, we are able to leverage the strength and scale to build greater awareness and visibility among our core audience of financial professionals and consumers."  The name and logo under which the retail mutual funds are marketed is being transitioned to the AIG brand. Each fund series, or registrant, will retain "SunAmerica" in its name. There will be no change to the retail mutual funds' adviser (SunAmerica Asset Management, LLC) or to the funds' investment goals or strategies, portfolio managers, ticker symbols or CUSIPs in connection with the transition. In addition to the product rebranding, a new website will be available on February 28, 2017 at www.aig.com/funds.  Effective February 28, 2017, the funds will be named:  SunAmerica Series, Inc.   AIG Focused Dividend Strategy Fund   AIG Active Allocation Fund   AIG Multi-Asset Allocation Fund   AIG Select Dividend Growth Fund   AIG Strategic Value Fund    SunAmerica Equity Funds   AIG International Dividend Strategy Fund   AIG Japan Fund    SunAmerica Income Funds   AIG Flexible Credit Fund   AIG Strategic Bond Fund   AIG U.S. Government Securities Fund    SunAmerica Money Market Funds, Inc.   AIG Government Money Market Fund    SunAmerica Senior Floating Rate Fund, Inc.   AIG Senior Floating Rate Fund    SunAmerica Specialty Series   AIG Commodity Strategy Fund   AIG Global Trends Fund   AIG Focused Multi-Cap Growth Fund   AIG Focused Alpha Large-Cap Fund   AIG Income Explorer Fund   AIG Small-Cap Fund    During this process, the SunAmerica Focused Alpha Growth Fund will be renamed the AIG Focused Multi-Cap Growth Fund. The 2020 High Watermark Fund will not change its name.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Warren Seeks Inquiry Into Icahn and AIG
The Massachusetts senator urged Treasury Secretary Mnuchin to find out if the billionaire activist had urged regulators to remove the insurer's SIFI designation



Ronald Orol

Jul 27, 2017 5:47 PM EDT
























AIG Chart Showing a Rally in the Making?
American International Group is setting up well for a fresh rally leg.



Gary Morrow

Jul 17, 2017 3:32 PM EDT
























Activists Forced CEOs to Leave These Huge Companies This Year
The top executives at these seven companies all left after pressure from activist investors in 2017.



Ronald Orol

Jul 8, 2017 8:48 AM EDT
























Marsh CEO Peter Zaffino to Join AIG as Deputy to CEO
AIG named Brian Duperreault as its new CEO earlier this year.



Tony Owusu

Jul 5, 2017 3:17 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Jim Cramer Nails Starbucks' Big Decline, Warns Again of Downside to $50


Amazon's Shocking Profit Miss Shows That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Infatuation


Starbucks Shares Are Crashing; Go Out and Buy!


Amazon and General Electric Are Friday's Smoking Hot Tickers: AMZN, TSLA, SBUX, GE, AAPL, X


Apple Investing Billions in OLED Display











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












