    Suresh Sundaram | HCL Technologies Limited | ZoomInfo.com


Suresh Sundaram at Aspen Technology, Inc. Contact Details | LeadFerret.com



















Login with your social account:

OR 










Forgot Password?
Create a Free Account!Sign Up!








LeadFerret




Search


Contacts
Specialty Directories




About Us


Blog
Company
FAQs
Partners
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy




Help


FAQ
Tutorials




Buy Points




Earn Points




SalesNexus







1-866-535-3960













Company & Contact Directories


Companies


Contacts






Contact Details for Suresh Sundaram









Suresh
Sundaram



Director, Product Marketing


Contact Information

Phone:
(617) 949-1000


Email:

Please log in or register to see the details.




Social Links

Twitter:

Please log in or register to see the details.



Facebook:

Please log in or register to see the details.



LinkedIn:

Please log in or register to see the details.



Google+:

Please log in or register to see the details.




Company Information


Name:
Aspen Technology, Inc.


Address:

Ten Canal Park
Cambridge
MA
02141



Phone:
617-9491000


Website:
http://www.aspentec.com/



View Complete Company Profile





Claim Profile
Is this you? Claim your profile to update and/or remove this information.

Quality score75out of 100





Others with Similar First and Last Names


First Name
Last name
Title
Company Name


Suresh
Sundaram
Maintenance Coordinator
Loyola College in Maryland


Suresh
Sundaram
Assistant Professor, Business Administration
University of Delaware





List of colleagues of Suresh Sundaram at Aspen Technology, Inc.


First Name
Last name
Title



Glenn
Dissinger
Aspen Dynamics Product Manager




Tom
Ralston
Product Director




Rhonda
Hanrahan
Marketing Manager and Account Executive




Manolis
Skotzabasakis
Senior Vice President Sales and Business Development




Dave
Elley
Product Marketing Director-S




Bradley
Miller
CEO




Lisa
Zappala
Chief Financial Officer




Jeff
Sojka
Senior Software Developer




Willie
Chan
Senior Vice President, Research and De...




Julien
Brosseau
Product Manager SAP Integration




Matt
Lewis
Website Operations Manager




Michael
Jablonski
Financial Analyst




Desmond
Jacas
Director, Customer Support & Training Technology




Natasha
Moore
Senior Marketing Administrator




Bryan
Connolly
Senior Database Administrator




Minter
Richter
Information Technology




David
Oliver
Director of Ope




Juan-Carlos
Mani
Asia-Pacific Director of Marketing




Larry
Evans
Chief Executive Officer




Dale
Heron
Computing Systems Manager




Jason
Cheung
Manager of Applications Development




Eric
Carlson
Director, Sales Operations, North America/Latin America




Mary
Cormier
Marketing Communications Director




Suresh
Sundaram
Director, Product Marketing




Joseph
Devincentis
Project Manager




Scott
Merrill
Purchasing Specialist




Michael
Szatny
Industry Marketing Manager Oil and Gas




Ron
Beck
Marketing Manager-zyqad




Lawrence
Evans
COB/Chief Executive Officer




Mark
Guarino
Project Manager




Ashok
Bhakta
Engineer




Jerry
Wareck
Development Manager




Todd
Sewards
Director of Applications




Wayne
Sim
Senior Vice President Information Technology




alessandra
Puma
Sales Director




Christopher
Wills
Internet Marketing Manager




Michael
Catt
IT Director




David
Tremblay
Product Manager




Andrew
Mcbrien
Director AES Technology




Ricardo
Gutfraind
Development Manager




Pamela
Fogarty
Feild Marketing Manager










×
–
A message from LeadFerret







Close




New Message
↑
 LeadFerret Chat



Loading...























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Suresh Sundaram - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Suresh Sundaram
Senior Vice President, Products and Marketing at Exa


View Full Profile
Are you Suresh Sundaram? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Suresh Sundaram's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Suresh Sundaram's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Suresh Sundaram's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Suresh Sundaram through your network of contacts.
												








Suresh Sundaram's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President, Products and Marketing, 
Exa


Board Member, 
GSE Systems, Inc.


Past
To view Suresh Sundaram's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
51

 
 


Suresh Sundaram's Biography




			Suresh Sundaram joined Exa in August 2016 as our Senior Vice President of Products and Marketing. Prior to joining Exa, Dr. Sundaram served as Senior Vice President of Products and Market Strategy at Aspen Technology where he worked for over two decades. Dr. Sundaram is a Board member of GSE Systems, Inc. Dr. Sundaram holds a Ph.D. and M.S. in Chemical Engineering from MIT and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.
		
Source: Exa on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Suresh Sundaram's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Suresh Sundaram. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Suresh Sundaram's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Suresh Sundaram's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Suresh Sundaram through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Suresh Sundaram


















Suresh Sundaram's Connections (26)





Sign up now to view Suresh Sundaram's 26 connections »









John W. Poduska
Board Member, Exa









Kyle J. Loudermilk
Chief Executive Officer and President and Director, GSE Systems, Inc.









Robert D. Burke
Board Member, TechTarget, Inc.









Roger L. Hagengruber
Former Chairman of the Board, GSE Systems, Inc.









John J. Shields
Chairman of the Board, Exa









Richard F. Gilbody
Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, Exa









Jean-Paul Roux
Senior Vice President, Global Aerospace, European Operations, Exa









Hudong Chen
Chief Scientist and Vice President, Physics, Exa









James E. Hoch
SVP of Software Development, Exa









Jeffery G. Hough
Former Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, GSE Systems, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993




























MENTIS Welcomes Suresh Sundaram | MENTIS











































 



About UsAbout Us
Management Team
Careers

ProductsOverview
Discover
Mask
Monitor
Retire

Services
News & EventsPress Releases
MENTIS SecureFact TM
Events

ResourcesCase Studies
Product Data Sheets
Information Sheets

Partners
Contact Us
Announcing MENTIS 8, the most advanced enterprise platform for data security and compliance
MENTIS Welcomes Sam Sampathnathan











MENTIS Welcomes Suresh Sundaram



MENTIS welcomes Suresh Sundaram. Suresh joins our leadership team as Executive Director to oversee strategy, marketing, and corporate development.
NEW YORK CITY, NY – 2/18/2016 – MENTIS Software, the leading provider of sensitive data security solutions for the enterprise, today announced that Suresh Sundaram has joined its leadership team as Executive Director to oversee strategy, marketing, and corporate development. Suresh will take on a key strategic role as the company builds on its unique platform and insights, and its focus on securing sensitive information throughout its lifecycle in the enterprise, to become a trusted partner and a market leader in the information security market.
“MENTIS is a pioneer in sensitive data security, and has been recognized by analysts such as Gartner and Bloor. We have built a strong foundation of industry-leading products, offer our customers unique insights and experience, and have had strong customer adoption. With growing market need and compelling foundation, the company is set to embark on a new exciting growth phase, said Rajesh Parthasarathy, MENTIS Founder and CEO. “Suresh has a proven track record and a rich understanding of global markets, IT, and operations service delivery, and is passionate about growing disruptive enterprise technologies. He is the perfect choice to add leadership bandwidth and complementary expertise to guide MENTIS in this new path as we rapidly expand globally, forging critical partnerships and innovating in the sensitive data security space.”
“I am excited to serve as the Executive Director at MENTIS Software, at a critical juncture when the company is embarking on a new growth phase as a global player. This opportunity leverages my strengths and experience in leadership roles at HCL and in helping global enterprises secure their biggest asset: customer and confidential data in a complex evolving and yet vulnerable digital world. I firmly believe MENTIS has the innovative, far-sighted approach, the products, and the customer orientation to be an organization’s partner of choice in this critical need. In this process, MENTIS can realize its full potential for growth,” said Suresh.
Prior to joining MENTIS, Suresh spent 27 years in several strategic intrapreneurship roles at HCL group, a $7B leading ICT group founded in 1976. In the initial 10 years, he was focused on the India market where, as Chief Marketing Officer in HCL Frontline, Suresh led the effort from concept to launch for hardware products such as Beanstalk, India's first home computer, as well as HP Notebooks and Peripherals, with new-to-market retail channels and consumer finance.
In 1998, Suresh moved to HCL Technologies and since that time has played a key leadership role in the development of the company into a global force in IT services. From 2000 to 2010, he established and led their global marketing and strategy team. Working with the President and CEO, he and his team enabled HCL Technologies to gain global market recognition as a disruptive IT services company and grow from $298 million in revenue to $3.5 billion. After 2010, he was responsible for investments in solutions and partnerships across all lines of business. Moving to Financial Services, he led the development of new services in customer experience, risk and compliance, and core systems transformation across the banking, insurance, and capital markets. Before joining MENTIS, Suresh had moved to directing HCL’s strategic business development in continental Europe for strategic accounts.
 








RELATED ARTICLES





MENTIS Named To DBTA’s Top 100 Companies That Matter Most In Data
MENTIS Software (www.MENTISoftware.com), the pioneer in data masking and enterprise data security...Read More








Announcing iVerify, Two-Factor Authentication
iVerify tackles the risks posed by password connections
MENTIS Software (www.MENTISoftware.com),...Read More








MENTIS announces GDPR Update Central
One-stop resource enables companies to prepare for May 25, 2018.
MENTIS Software (www.MENTISoftware...Read More






 







Get in Touch With Us!
Are you interested in receiving more information about our products? Do you have questions about sensitive data security? Would you like a demo? Complete the details below and one of our specialists will get in touch with you.








First Name *







Last Name *







Company *







Title *







Contact Number *







Work Email Address *





We love to help our customers solve their data security problems. Please tell us about what you are trying to accomplish, details about your environment, and any other information that will help us understand your needs better.


Inquiry 








Generate a new captcha
What code is in the image? *

Enter the characters shown in the image.

 









 

 













GVP Suresh Sundaram Insider Trades for GSE Systems Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































GSE Systems Inc.

                  NYSE American: GVP
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

GSE Systems Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:10 p.m.


GVP

/quotes/zigman/154998/composite


$
2.95




Change

+0.10
+3.51%

Volume
Volume 1,561
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/154998/composite
Previous close

$
			2.85
		


$
				2.95
			
Change

+0.10
+3.51%





Day low
Day high
$2.80
$2.95










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.16
        

            $3.85
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Suresh Sundaram



Dr. Suresh Sundaram is Senior Vice President-Products & Marketing at Exa Corp. He  is on the Board of Directors at GSE Systems, Inc. Dr. Sundaram was previously employed as Senior Vice President-Worldwide Marketing by Aspen Technology, Inc. He received his undergraduate degree from Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, a graduate degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a doctorate degree from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/12/2017
7,352


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/12/2017
1,923


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2016
3,942


 
Acquisition at $3.25 per share.


12,811


12/08/2016
1,058


 
Acquisition at $3.25 per share.


3,438


12/08/2016
4,459


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Kyle Justin Loudermilk 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Christopher D. Sorrells 
Chief Operating Officer & Director




Mr. Emmett A. Pepe 
Chief Financial Officer




Dr. Bahram  Meyssami 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Gill R. Grady 
SVP-Business Development & Acquisition Integration




Mr. John D. Fuller 
Director




Mr. Sean Martin Fuller 
Senior Vice President-Sales




Mr. Daniel W. Pugh 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Dr. Roger L. Hagengruber 
Chairman




Dr. Suresh  Sundaram 
Independent Director




Mr. James H. Stanker 
Independent Director




Ms. Jane Bryant Quinn 
Independent Director




Mr. Joseph W. Lewis 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:21 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:44pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country when a cast member can’t go on
5:41pDonald Trump just ousted Reince Priebus. What to do if you think you’re about to get fired
5:38pHere’s what to do if, like Reince Priebus, you’re suddenly out of a job
5:27pReince Priebus departs as chief of staff as Trump gives job to John Kelly
5:25pThe perils (and pleasures) of blocking friends and colleagues on social media
5:12pWhat’s really happening with Target’s Cartwheel app
5:00pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
4:56pBREAKINGIn a tweet, Trump names Gen. Kelly his new chief of staff
4:56pMattel could get wrecked by weak ‘Cars 3’ toy sales
4:55pThis 1 number sums up why that Foxconn deal is over-the-top bad for Wisconsin
4:51pBREAKINGTrump tweets he's named a new chief of staff, John Kelly
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 






Suresh Sundaram, Board Member, Exa


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Suresh Sundaram



Senior Vice President, Products and Marketing
at
Exa


Location: Greater Boston Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Suresh Sundaram



Senior Vice President, Products and Marketing
at
Exa


Location: Greater Boston Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Suresh Sundaram is Senior Vice President of Products and Marketing at Exa Corporation. e joins Exa from a career that spanned more than two decades at Aspen Technology where he was most recently Senior Vice President of Products and Market Strategy.
Dr. Sundaram earned his Ph.D. and Master of Science degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Chemical Engineering and a Bachelor degree in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Computer Software




Tags
Product Management, Strategy, Go-to-market Strategy




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Suresh SundaramCareer (4)






Aug-2016




Exa



Board Member







Mar-2016 to Jul-2016




Aspen Technology



SVP Products and Market Strategy







Jul-1992 to Jul-2016




Aspen Technology



Various Role







Sep-1991 to Jul-1992




Chevron Research and Technology Company



Process Engineer








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Suresh SundaramEducation (3)






2001



Harvard Business School


Competition and Strategy






1991



MIT


Chemical Engineering






1986



Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay


Chemical Engineering









 Edit



Suresh SundaramAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Suresh Sundaram






 Edit



Suresh SundaramLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Suresh Sundaram









Suresh SundaramInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Suresh Sundaram









Suresh SundaramInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Suresh Sundaram








Suresh SundaramRelated People








Colleagues at Exa







Dave Lemont

Chief Marketing Officer (Consulting basis)
Nov-2014









Alexander Mackenzie

Vice President, Product Management










James Hoch

Vice President, Software Development










Hudong Chen

Vice President, Chief Scientist













View all 



Suresh SundaramRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies




























Sundaram Suresh - Exa Corp Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsSundaram SureshExa Corp (EXA)SVP Products and Marketing Not RankedSundaram Suresh's PerformanceSundaram Suresh has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Sundaram Suresh's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateGVPGSE SystemsDirector-Uninformative Buy$0Jun 14, 2017EXAExa CorpSVP Products and Marketing-Uninformative Buy$10,236.12May 09, 2017See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























