    Derrick Sung | iRhythm Technologies Inc | ZoomInfo.comYouTube 




 






 








 

 





 








Sign in

About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube


Terms
Privacy
Policy & Safety
Test new features




© 2017 YouTube, LLC








































Helenistique - CD














Helen Sung Online Shop



Store Home
Cart





















Helenistique – CD







SKU: Helenistique-CD
Category: Compact Disc





Description



Product Description
Helen Sung Trio – Helenistique, (2006) Fresh Sound New Talent
By Steve Greenlee for JazzTimes
Pianist Helen Sung’s new album is a treat. How could it not be, given that it covers a veritable history of soulful music, from James P. Johnson to Thelonious Monk to Prince? Sung, perhaps eager to prove herself in a crowded field of young jazz pianists, takes on a wide range of material on the immodestly named Helenistique and comes off as a versatile, imaginative and assertive musician.
She bookends her album with takes of “H*Town,” a concise tribute to Houston, her hometown. It’s an off-kilter piece of music that she plays with a muscular style, bashing the chords when they deserve it. She wears her affinity for Monk on her sleeve, both in her writing and in her renditions of “Sweet and Lovely” and “Bye Ya,” the latter of which she reconstructs with shifting time signatures while avoiding the trap of mimicking Monk’s style. (Monk may very well be her patron saint: Sung was a member of the inaugural class of the New England Conservatory’s Thelonious Monk Institute of Jazz Performance and was a semifinalist in the 1999 Thelonious Monk Jazz Piano competition.) What she does with the standards is equally interesting. She pays a minute of respect to Rodgers & Hart’s “Lover” before speeding the tempo and spiking the tune with dizzying runs. The disc concludes with a bang. Bassist Derrick Hodge and drummer Lewis Nash sit out for Johnson’s “Carolina Shout,” as Sung puts on a stride clinic, and the trio turns funky with a stab at Prince’s who-knew-it-could-be-jazz “Alphabet Street.” Helenistique is among the year’s most exciting listens.
Personnel: Helen Sung—piano; Derrick Hodge—bass; Lewis Nash—drums



Related Products



Sale!
Anthem For A New Day – CD
$15.00 $13.99
Add to cart


Sung Bird – CD
$12.00
Add to cart


(re)Conception – CD
Read More







CartSearch Products

Search for:




Product CategoriesCompact Disc
Digital Audio Download
 

 

00:00
					/
					00:00






































11 Brother Thelonious					



22 Armando's Rumba					



33 Hidden					



44 It Don't Mean A Thing (If it Ain't Got That Swing)					



55 Hope Springs Eternally					



66 Anthem for a New Day					



77 Never Let Me Go					



88 Chaos Theory					



99 Epistrophy					



10Equipoise					



 




 
 















































 



 iRhythm Expands Leadership Team with Appointment of Derrick Sung, Ph.D. as Executive Vice President 
         










    










 






 











 









iRhythm Expands Leadership Team with Appointment of Derrick Sung, Ph.D. as Executive Vice President of Global Strategy and Corporate Development

May 13, 2015, 09:00 ET
		  		  					
						 from   iRhythm Technologies, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


SAN FRANCISCO, May 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- iRhythm Technologies, Inc., a leading digital healthcare solutions company focusing on the advancement of cardiac care, announced today the appointment of Derrick Sung, Ph.D. to the executive management team as executive vice president of global strategy and corporate development, effective May 1, 2015. 
Dr. Sung will be responsible for driving new revenue opportunities by monetizing iRhythm's rapidly growing proprietary algorithms and patient database in mobile applications, analytics for consumer health monitoring and biomarker discovery. iRhythm's database, the largest in healthcare today, has efficiently curated and analyzed over 60 million hours of continuous electrocardiography and patient data. He will also drive global market development efforts for iRhythm's ZIO® Service, an FDA-cleared, outpatient cardiac monitor designed to improve patient compliance while maximizing diagnostic yield. 
"Dr. Sung has the industry expertise, relationship network and deep insight into the future of healthcare that will make him a valuable addition to our leadership team," said Kevin King, president and chief executive officer of iRhythm Technologies. "He also has an outstanding reputation for growing organizations and developing pipeline opportunities through partnerships and licensing strategies. We feel very fortunate to have him on board to advance our growth opportunities across emerging markets in digital health, consumer wearables and big data analytics."
Prior to joining iRhythm, Dr. Sung was a senior equity research analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company covering medical devices at leading cardiovascular and orthopedic companies including Johnson & Johnson, St. Jude, Abbott, Medtronic and Boston Scientific. 
Previously, he served as the director of marketing and business development at Boston Scientific Neuromodulation where he led the commercialization of neurostimulation devices to treat a variety of therapeutic areas. Earlier, he spent four years at The Boston Consulting Group leading healthcare consulting projects ranging from licensing strategies, post-merger integrations, product development strategies, and operational effectiveness programs for biopharma and medical device companies. He began his career in the medical device field as a R&D engineer designing heart catheters for Guidant Corporation.
Dr. Sung received his Ph.D. in Bioengineering from the University of California, San Diego; his Master of Business Administration from San Diego State University, and his Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Stanford University. 
"I am very excited to join the iRhythm team," said Dr. Sung. "During my career, I have evaluated many companies in the healthcare field and I believe iRhythm is clearly becoming a disruptive force in cardiac digital health solutions. They are addressing dynamic and rapidly evolving markets with a sound business strategy and I am looking forward to contributing to its growing success." 
The ZIO Service is the first long-term continuous monitoring service that is FDA-cleared and supported by extensive clinical data with peer-reviewed publications. The ZIO Service has been clinically proven to enhance clinical decision making and drive lower healthcare costs. Since its commercial launch in 2011, it has been used with over 300,000 patients at nearly 1,000 institutions in the U.S. Predictive analytics collected from Zio monitoring can be used to identify early and effective treatment options, prevent potential future medical emergencies and reduce readmissions.
About iRhythm Technologies, Inc. iRhythm is a privately held digital healthcare solutions company that is a world leader in cardiac arrhythmia information. The company is combining wearable biosensor devices with mobile and cloud-based technology to improve how heart arrhythmias are diagnosed and managed.  iRhythm's digital health technology and diagnostic support services provide clear, actionable information for physicians, and are clinically proven to enhance clinical decision making and lower healthcare costs. Its flagship solution, the ZIO Service, offers a proven approach to long-term continuous monitoring that enables diagnosis earlier in the clinical pathway to improve patient outcomes and reduce healthcare costs. For more information, please visit www.irhythmtech.com. 
Media Contact Amanda Breeding Amanda.breeding@edelman.com 415-229-7649
 SOURCE  iRhythm Technologies, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.irhythmtech.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jul 21, 2015, 09:00 ET
Preview: iRhythm Technologies Appoints Marga Ortigas-Wedekind Executive Vice President, Global Marketing













Apr 23, 2015, 12:00 ET
Preview: New Data Shows iRhythm's ZIO® Service Increases Detection And Diagnosis Of Silent Atrial Fibrillation In High-Risk Patients






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Sung, Derrick - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Derrick  Sung
Derrick Sung, ph.d., joined Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC, in 2008 as the Senior Research Analyst covering U.S. medical devices. Prior to joining Bernstein, he was Director of Marketing and Business Development for the neuromodulation division of Boston Scientific Corporation. Dr. Sung also spent four years as a Management Consultant with the Boston Consulting Group, where he advised med tech and biopharma companies on a variety of strategic and operational issues. Dr. Sung began his career as an R&D Engineer for Guidant Corporation, now part of Abbott Vascular. He holds a Ph.D. in bioengineering from the University of California, San Diego, an MBA from San Diego State University and a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Stanford University.
Related Interviews:A Search For Share Gainers In Med Tech - Dr. Derrick Sung, Ph.d. - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LlcApril 19, 2010







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 






Derrick Sung, Executive Vice President, Strategy & Corporate Development, iRhythm Technologies


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Derrick Sung



Executive Vice President, Strategy & Corporate Development
at
iRhythm Technologies


Location: New York, NY





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Derrick Sung



Executive Vice President, Strategy & Corporate Development
at
iRhythm Technologies


Location: New York, NY




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Derrick Sung works as Executive Vice President of Global Strategy and Corporate Development at iRhythm Technologies. Prior to joining iRhythm, Dr. Sung was a senior equity research analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company covering medical devices at leading cardiovascular and orthopedic companies including Johnson & Johnson, St. Jude, Abbott, Medtronic and Boston Scientific. Previously, he served as the director of marketing and business development at Boston Scientific.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Venture Capital Medical Devices




Tags
Medical Devices, Financial Modeling, R&D, Strategy




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Derrick SungCareer (3)






May-2015




iRhythm Technologies



Executive Vice President, Strategy & Corporate Development







Feb-2008 to Apr-2015




Sanford C. Bernstein



Senior Equity Research Analyst, Medical Devices







2004 to 2008




Boston Scientific



Director, Marketing and Business Development








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Derrick SungEducation (3)






2000



University of California, San Diego


Bioengineering






1999



San Diego State University-California State University









1994



Stanford University


Mechanical Engineering









 Edit



Derrick SungAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Derrick Sung






 Edit



Derrick SungLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Derrick Sung









Derrick SungInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Derrick Sung









Derrick SungInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Derrick Sung








Derrick SungRelated People








Colleagues at iRhythm Technologies







Marga Ortigas-Wedekind

EVP Marketing and Payer Relations
Jul-2015









David Vort

Executive Vice President Sales
Jan-2014









Shawn Becker

Executive VP of Marketing & Reimbursement
Aug-2013









Allan Wilsker

Vice President Information Technology
Jan-2013








View all 
Peers (12)







M. John Neal

EVP, Corporate Strategy and Development of HealthGrades









Bruce  Bowden

Executive Vice President, Corporate Development of Nuance Communications









Joel Liffmann

Executive Vice President of Corporate Development of HealthGrades









Thomas Neyarapally

Executive Vice President, Corporate Development of GNS Healthcare









Richard H. Walsh

VP, Corporate Development of Wellcentive









Jon Newpol

Executive Vice President of Truven Health Analytics












View all 



Derrick SungRecommended Market Profiles (11)








Healthcare Wearables (MSLGroup)

10,000 or More employees
60 companies








Heart Rate Wearables (Rock Health)

2,500 - 5,000 employees
17 companies








Predictive Analytics - Enterprise (RockHealth)

2,500 - 5,000 employees
49 companies








Healthcare (IOT)

1,000 - 2,500 employees
15 companies








Healthcare/Biotech IPO (2016)

10,000 or More employees
43 companies








Health - BodyTech

10,000 or More employees
50 companies






















Derrick Sung Discusses Prospects for Medical-Device Makers - Barron's







































































 







 



 








Asia Edition
U.S. Edition



 

Subscribe
Log In






Home

Magazine

This Week's Edition
Past Editions
New: Cartoons



Daily

All Coverage
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Up & Down Wall St. Daily
Getting Technical
Striking Price Daily
Wall Street's Best Minds
Read This, Spike That
Stocks to Watch Today
Asia Stocks to Watch
Income Investing
Tech Trader Daily
Focus on Funds
Emerging Markets
Q&A
Video Center



Investing Ideas

Overview
Barron's Picks & Pans
Mutual Funds / ETFs
Hedge Funds
Stocks Center
Commodities Center
Bonds Center
Options Center
Barron's Take
Weekday Trader
Stock Alert
Inside Scoop
Ahead of the Crowd
Focus on Funds
Stocks to Watch Today
Barron's Roundtable



Advisor Center

Overview
Top 100 Advisors
Top 100 Women Advisors
Top 100 Independent Advisors
Top 1,200 Advisors
Advisor Profiles



Market Data

Market Data Center
Market Lab
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
Stock Grader
Stock & Fund Tables
Barron's 400



PENTA

Penta Magazine
Penta Daily
Penta Archives



Barron's NEXT





 









 




		Interview
	
Joint Effort: Device Makers Look to Innovation
Derrick Sung, the medical-device analyst for Bernstein Research, discusses headwinds in the industry, and how new products can help overcome them.


 







By

Bill Alpert

 Biography




 




September 24, 2011


Before Derrick Sung took over coverage of the medical-device industry for Bernstein Research three years ago, he worked for more than a decade in the business. The Stanford-trained engineer designed heart catheters at the Guidant division of Eli Lilly that's now part of Abbott Labs. After receiving a Ph.D. in bioengineering from the University of California at San Diego, he gave advice at Boston Consulting, then ran business development for...
	      




 


Get The Full Story

Subscribe
		  or  
		 Log In


 


 




Want to participate in the discussion?



Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access.


Powered by Livefyre

 



 








 


Most Popular


1.
Why Altria is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



2.
6 Mind-Boggling Stats on Jeff Bezos’ Wealth


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



3.
Starbucks: When Good Stocks Go Bad


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



4.
Why Bristol-Myers is Tanking


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



5.
AT&T Ups Bond Sale to $22.5 Billion; Third Biggest Deal Ever


Subscriber Content
Read Preview



See Full List




Latest Market Videos


1




A Bright Picture for Netflix



2




Amazon Borrows a Page From Instagram



3




3 Cheap Growth Stocks for Any Market




 




 





















