

Sunset Island Group, Inc. prior to Reverse Merger with Battle Mountain Genetics, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:23 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of Sunset Island Group, Inc. prior to Reverse Merger with Battle Mountain Genetics, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Sunset Island Group, Inc., a development stage company, operates as a full-service music entertainment company. The company offers recording services, such as record distribution, studio sessions, track mastering, record production, CD/DVD duplication, studio sessions, and multimedia marketing; and consulting services, which include artist management and development, music publishing, music consulting, music submissions, record distribution, and career management. It also offers promotions services, including music, television, mailing, and Web marketing. Sunset Island Group, Inc. distributes its products and services through Internet, retail stores, and wholesalers to professional and amate...
Sunset Island Group, Inc., a development stage company, operates as a full-service music entertainment company. The company offers recording services, such as record distribution, studio sessions, track mastering, record production, CD/DVD duplication, studio sessions, and multimedia marketing; and consulting services, which include artist management and development, music publishing, music consulting, music submissions, record distribution, and career management. It also offers promotions services, including music, television, mailing, and Web marketing. Sunset Island Group, Inc. distributes its products and services through Internet, retail stores, and wholesalers to professional and amateur musicians. The company was formerly known as Titan Global Entertainment, Inc. and changed its name to Sunset Island Group, Inc in June 2008. Sunset Island Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Sarasota, Florida.
Detailed Description


4235 Southwell WaySarasota, FL 34241United StatesFounded in 20056 Employees



Phone: 941-400-1129








Key Executives for Sunset Island Group, Inc. prior to Reverse Merger with Battle Mountain Genetics, Inc.


Sunset Island Group, Inc. prior to Reverse Merger with Battle Mountain Genetics, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Sunset Island Group, Inc. prior to Reverse Merger with Battle Mountain Genetics, Inc. Key Developments

Sunset Island Group, Inc. Begins Development of CBD Dietary Supplement Product
Feb 17 17
Sunset Island Group, Inc. announced that it has begun development of CBD dietary supplement product.  The initial product will feature a 2-oz stress relief beverage made from high quality legal Hemp/CBD oil and real fruit. The products will initially be sold through the company’s website. The company expects to expand by selling though Amazon and other retailers.  The company will continue to develop products that will address the demands in the global dietary supplements market which is targeted to soon reach beyond $200 billion. The product will be developed by trained French Chef and with over 20 years’ experience in Product Development and Food Production and who also has developed products from their concept stage to national distribution that have generated over $100 million in sales.


Sunset Island Group Announces Launch of Medical Cannabis Division
Feb 3 17
Sunset Island Group, Inc. announced that it has launched a medical cannabis division. The company’s vision is to establish a fully integrated company that provides turnkey solutions to the medical cannabis industry. The company's main focus is on providing a licensed facility that companies can manufacture and produce their products. Additionally, the company will provide distribution for companies through an established network of dispensaries.


Sunset Island Group, Inc. will Change its Ticker to SIGO from SIGOD
Nov 9 16
Effective November 10, 2016, Sunset Island Group, Inc. will change its Pink Sheets LLC stock ticker symbol to SIGO from SIGOD.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      December 21, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sunset Island Group, Inc. prior to Reverse Merger with Battle Mountain Genetics, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























	Sunset Island Group Inc (SIGO): Zero convertible and low float. Product ready for


































































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed



























































Home
                >
                Boards
                >
                US OTC
                >
                Cannabis
                >
                Sunset Island Group Inc (SIGO)




Zero convertible and low float. Product ready for



Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgNext 10 | Previous | Next












Eng62
 
            





                Followed By
            

                46
            



                Posts
            

                3,362
            



                Boards Moderated
            

                0
            



                Alias Born
            

                09/15/15
            
















            SIGO
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        








            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















SIGO Detailed Quote







1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y










Securities Registration Statement (s-1/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/28/2017 12:33:38 PM

Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share Count "InvestorsHub NewsWire" - 7/25/2017 8:00:00 AM

Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and Expansion Plans "InvestorsHub NewsWire" - 7/20/2017 9:25:00 AM

Securities Registration Statement (s-1/a) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 7/17/2017 4:02:44 PM

Securities Registration Statement (s-1) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/26/2017 3:07:57 PM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/16/2017 3:43:47 PM

Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/14/2017 1:49:15 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/9/2017 5:03:50 PM

Information Statements (revised) (prer14c) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 6/2/2017 1:48:43 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/18/2017 10:33:34 AM

Information Statements (revised) (prer14c) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 5/11/2017 4:17:02 PM

Proxy Statement - Other Information (preliminary) (pre 14c) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 4/26/2017 3:39:44 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/21/2017 2:13:33 PM

Quarterly Report (10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/20/2017 11:06:49 AM

Notification That Quarterly Report Will Be Submitted Late (nt 10-q) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 3/20/2017 10:25:24 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 2/27/2017 6:11:17 AM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 2/17/2017 1:29:09 PM

Current Report Filing (8-k) "Edgar (US Regulatory)" - 2/13/2017 3:28:29 PM












Eng62
 
            

Monday, 07/17/17 09:17:44 PM




Re: 
UncleFester                                       
 
 post# 6594






Post # 

                of
                7157 









Zero convertible and low float. Product ready for sale....... hmmm    SIGO $$$$$









iHub NewsWire


ONCI INKS DEAL WITH MAJOR FLORIDA AUTO DEALER LAW GROUP(ONCI) Jul 27, 2017 11:16 AM
Signal Bay Enters into Definitive Agreement to Acquire Viridis Analytics MA, LLC(SGBY) Jul 27, 2017 10:34 AM
PURA PPS Potential To Reach $0.09 From Current $0.03(PURA) Jul 27, 2017 8:45 AM
North Road Ventures Advances to the Detailed Review Stage in its ACMPR Application(LIB) Jul 27, 2017 8:39 AM
CHRON Approved to Officially Up-list to the OTCQB Venture Market, Immediately After Going Fully-Reporting(CHRO) Jul 26, 2017 12:04 PM
Start posting your company's news. Only $100 per official company press release!











Public Reply | Private Reply | Keep | Last ReadPost New MsgNext 10 | Previous | Next








Follow Board






Keyboard Shortcuts


Report TOS Violation





X







                    Current Price
                





                    Change
                





                    Volume
                






                        Detailed Quote - Discussion Board









+/- to Watchlist



















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB9
        

























 










































Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














SIGO


Sunset Island Group, Inc.










 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 OTCQB 
				
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service








 

Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market
Feb 17, 2017
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
Marina Del Rey, CA, Feb.  17, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sunset Island Group, Inc. (OTCQB: SIGO) announced today that it has begun development of CBD dietary supplement product.  The initial product will feature a 2-oz stress relief beverage made from highest quality legal Hemp/CBD oil and real fruit. The products will initially be sold through the company’s website. The Company expects to expand by selling though Amazon and other retailers.   The Company will continue to develop products that will address the demands in the global dietary supplements market which is targeted to soon reach beyond $200 billion. Consumer Hemp/CBD sales reached $85 million in 2015 and could reach $115 million this year, according to The CBD Report by The Hemp Business Journal. By 2020, analysts project that the market could surpass $2 billion in size. Hemp/CBD is legal in all 50 states.



The product will be developed by trained French Chef and with over 20 years’ experience in Product Development and Food Production and who also has developed products from their concept stage to national distribution that have generated over $100 million in sales. 


 

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this press release which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate.









Contact:
Sunset Island Group
info@sunsetislandgroup.com
(424) 239-6230

Copyright © 2017 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 


































  SIGO:OTC US Stock Quote - Sunset Island Group Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Sunset Island Group Inc   SIGO:US   OTC US        0.21USD   0.00   1.20%     As of 5:20 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   0.21    Day Range   0.20 - 0.23    Volume   34,519    Previous Close   0.22    52Wk Range   0.06 - 30.00                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.21    Day Range   0.20 - 0.23    Volume   34,519    Previous Close   0.22    52Wk Range   0.06 - 30.00    YTD Return   -98.21%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   10.006    Shares Outstanding  (m)   50.032    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.74%     Industry Media   % Price Change +0.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/25/2017   Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share Count     7/20/2017   Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and Expansion Plans     4/4/2017   Sunset Island Group Announces Launch of Medical Cannabis Growing Facility     2/17/2017   Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market     2/3/2017   Sunset Island Group Announces Launch of Medical Cannabis Division    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Sunset Island Group, Inc. produces records and manages artists.  The Company manages musical performers, produces records, distributes music and videos, and offers multi media marketing and promotion services.    Address  350 South County Road #102Palm Beach, FL 33480United States   Phone  1-561-969-6588   Website   www.titan-entertainment.net     Executives Board Members    T J Magallanes  Chairman/CEO    Valerie Baugher  President/CFO     Show More         




















 



 Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share Count 
         










    










 













 











 



















Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share Count
        																																												
              











 News provided by
Sunset Island Group, Inc.  
Jul 25, 2017, 08:00 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., July 25, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SUNSET ISLAND GROUP, INC. (OTCQB: SIGO) announced today that the company will be reducing the company's authorized share count by 80%.








CFO Valerie Baugher stated, "We currently have 50,031,771 shares outstanding and 4,031,771 shares in the float.  We are finishing up our first harvest and based on the results, we feel confident that over the long term, our outstanding share count should settle somewhere between where it is now and 70,000,000 shares.  That being the case, we are immediately reducing our authorized share count to an even 100,000,000 shares.  By second or third quarter of 2018, we fully expect existing profits to fund further expansion over and above the planned expansion outlined in our previous press release.  At that time, we may look at a further reduction in the authorized number as a show of good faith that we are serious about our long term commitment to shareholders."
CEO T.J. Magallanes stated, "As I've stated in the past, the best way that I can ensure shareholders are confident in their investment is to stay 100% focused on the business itself as we move toward expansion.  With a planned 66K square feet of grow space in the works, a conservative $200 in revenue per square foot projected, and now a stable and reasonable share structure, we hope that we've done our part at least in the short term to ensure that investors see the value in what we are building here; a company that employees and investors alike are proud to be a part of for years to come."  
NOTE:  The authorized share count reflected at OTCMarkets.com is inaccurate.  The actual authorized share count will be reduced from 500M to 100M by the end of July, 2017.  We will coordinate with OTCMarkets.com to have that number updated as soon as possible.
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this press release which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate.
 
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sunset-island-group-announces-80-reduction-in-authorized-share-count-300493339.html
SOURCE Sunset Island Group, Inc.



 













Jul 20, 2017, 09:25 ET
Preview: Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and Expansion Plans






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Jul 20, 2017, 09:25 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Retail
  OTC, SmallCap
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Supplementary Medicine
Restructuring & Recapitalization








 You just read:
Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share Count


 News provided by
Sunset Island Group, Inc.  
Jul 25, 2017, 08:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products For The $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products For The $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market






GlobeNewswire



Feb 17, 2017 1:15 PM EST













 


















































 Marina Del Rey, CA, Feb. 17, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sunset Island Group, Inc. (OTCQB: SIGO) announced today that it has begun development of CBD dietary supplement product.  The initial product will feature a 2-oz stress relief beverage made from highest quality legal Hemp/CBD oil and real fruit. The products will initially be sold through the company's website. The Company expects to expand by selling though Amazon and other retailers.   The Company will continue to develop products that will address the demands in the global dietary supplements market which is targeted to soon reach beyond $200 billion. Consumer Hemp/CBD sales reached $85 million in 2015 and could reach $115 million this year, according to  The CBD Report  by The Hemp Business Journal. By 2020, analysts project that the market could surpass $2 billion in size. Hemp/CBD is legal in all 50 states.  The product will be developed by trained French Chef and with over 20 years' experience in Product Development and Food Production and who also has developed products from their concept stage to national distribution that have generated over $100 million in sales.       Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  in this press release which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate.   



 








 































































 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and Expansion Plans 
         










    










 













 











 



















Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and Expansion Plans
        																																																		
              











 News provided by
Sunset Island Group, Inc.  
Jul 20, 2017, 09:25 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., July 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SUNSET ISLAND GROUP, INC. (OTCQB: SIGO) announced today that it is in the process of harvesting its first 4,000 square feet of grow space and that the entire run has already been pre-sold to a cannabis supplier in Southern California. 








CEO T.J. Magallanes stated, "This is our first real opportunity to share our plan with the investment community, so let's get into some of the detail.  First, we are set up for year round harvesting.  We have staggered growth in our initial grow space in such a way that we should remain in a constant state of "harvest".  A company like ours that has product available year round is an attractive resource for dispensaries across the state.  We have an excellent, experienced staff including security and our team is committed to a methodical, but aggressive build out of the business over time.  We are looking to scale up in the coming months by securing an additional 54,000 square feet of grow space and project a combined 66,000 square feet of grow space after our next expansion phase is completed.  Total greenhouse space with this first expansion should reach 90K as processing and manufacturing space is required as well for drying, trimming, etc."
Mr. Magallanes went on to say, "Our operation is projected to generate a conservative $200 annually per square foot of grow space over time.  In the short term, we are selling our first several harvests at a slight discount compared to our competitors in order to build name recognition and goodwill.  Grow space across the state is at a premium due to demand so we plan to execute long term leases as part of the expansion.  Several agricultural industries abandoned existing greenhouse space over the past decade and the state and local governments require the use of existing space, even those requiring retrofit before any new grow space is built.  We were able to build out our first facility at a reasonable price and expect to be able to do the same with the expansion."
Mr. Magallanes finished up with, "I am very proud of our team and we are excited about our coming expansion plans.  This first harvest has been a learning experience for all of us and we're already seeing ways that we can ensure improvements and increase our yield with each harvest to come.  I am focused 100% on the business end of things and that will always be the case, but we had a few questions recently about our share structure, so let me address those questions at this time.  We have no convertible debt and the debt currently on the books is the initial seed capital and that will be reduced in increments over time as the providers of that seed capital will be taking a small percentage of profits with each harvest.  We currently have a little over 50M shares outstanding as indicated at OTCMarkets.com and we have a little over 4M in the float. The other 46M shares are owned by me and our President.  We have an S-1 registration in the works that could increase the outstanding share count to as much as 70M, but from there we do not anticipate adding any additional shares to the mix as existing profits will be used for additional expansion over and above what's been discussed in this release.  I hope that is helpful when making your decision on whether to invest in our company.  We look forward to sharing additional updates in the near future."
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this press release which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate.
 
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sunset-island-group-announces-first-cannabis-harvest-and-expansion-plans-300491323.html
SOURCE Sunset Island Group, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.otcmarkets.com



 












Jul 25, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share Count






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Jul 25, 2017, 08:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sunset Island Group Announces 80% Reduction In Authorized Share...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Retail
  OTC, SmallCap
  Agriculture
Corporate Expansion








 You just read:
Sunset Island Group Announces First Cannabis Harvest and Expansion Plans


 News provided by
Sunset Island Group, Inc.  
Jul 20, 2017, 09:25 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






Home | Sunset Island Group
























































FSCWire - Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market



















































HomeNews RoomServicesContact UsCanadian Dollar PaymentsUS Dollar PaymentsLoginSign UpFSCwire New Client Account Setup Form 
 









 
 










Back to News Room 









Sunset Island Group Inc.
 




 

Print Friendly
 
Email
 







 




 



Friday, February 17, 2017 - 1:15 PM EST 









 




 



Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market  
 Marina Del Rey, CA (FSCwire) - Sunset Island Group, Inc. (OTCQB: SIGO) announced today that it has begun development of CBD dietary supplement product.  The initial product will feature a 2-oz stress relief beverage made from highest quality legal Hemp/CBD oil and real fruit. The products will initially be sold through the company’s website. The Company expects to expand by selling though Amazon and other retailers.   The Company will continue to develop products that will address the demands in the global dietary supplements market which is targeted to soon reach beyond $200 billion. Consumer Hemp/CBD sales reached $85 million in 2015 and could reach $115 million this year, according to The CBD Report by The Hemp Business Journal. By 2020, analysts project that the market could surpass $2 billion in size. Hemp/CBD is legal in all 50 states.
 
The product will be developed by trained French Chef and with over 20 years’ experience in Product Development and Food Production and who also has developed products from their concept stage to national distribution that have generated over $100 million in sales.
 
 
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this press release which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate.
 
 
Contact:
Sunset Island Group
info@sunsetislandgroup.com
(424) 239-6230
To view this press release as a PDF file, click onto the following link:public://news_release_pdf/SunsetFeb172017.pdfSource: Sunset Island Group Inc. (OTCQB:SIGO)To follow Sunset Island Group Inc. on your favorite social media platform or financial websites, please click on the icons below.      
Maximum News Dissemination by FSCwire. http://www.fscwire.com
 
Copyright © 2017 Filing Services Canada Inc.
 









Sunset Island Group Inc.
 




 

Print Friendly
 
Email
 












 






 Visit Company Profile Sunset Island Group Inc. 
 Visit Company Website View Website 
 Subscribe to This Company Sign Up  

 



Back to News Room 





 









 



About Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Office: (403) 717-3898
Fax: (403) 717-3896
Filing Services Canada Copyright © 1997-2016
 


Google+
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
 
 




 





Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market   Other OTC:SIGO








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In












Sunset Island Group Announces CBD/Hemp Oil Dietary Supplement Products for the $200 Billion Dietary Supplements Market  




















February 17, 2017 13:15 ET

 | Source: Sunset Island Group, Inc.






Marina Del Rey, CA, Feb.  17, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sunset Island Group, Inc. (OTCQB: SIGO) announced today that it has begun development of CBD dietary supplement product.  The initial product will feature a 2-oz stress relief beverage made from highest quality legal Hemp/CBD oil and real fruit. The products will initially be sold through the company’s website. The Company expects to expand by selling though Amazon and other retailers.   The Company will continue to develop products that will address the demands in the global dietary supplements market which is targeted to soon reach beyond $200 billion. Consumer Hemp/CBD sales reached $85 million in 2015 and could reach $115 million this year, according to The CBD Report by The Hemp Business Journal. By 2020, analysts project that the market could surpass $2 billion in size. Hemp/CBD is legal in all 50 states.



The product will be developed by trained French Chef and with over 20 years’ experience in Product Development and Food Production and who also has developed products from their concept stage to national distribution that have generated over $100 million in sales. 


 

Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this press release which are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate.







Contact:
Sunset Island Group
info@sunsetislandgroup.com
(424) 239-6230


Related Articles
other press releases by Sunset Island Group, Inc.


Sunset Island Group Announces Launch of Medical Cannabis Growing Facility
April 04, 2017 11:40


Sunset Island Group Announces Launch of Medical Cannabis Division
February 03, 2017 10:00








Profile

Sunset Island Group, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Marina Del Rey, California, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Contact:
Sunset Island Group
info@sunsetislandgroup.com
(424) 239-6230

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.





















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





