
  SDIR Stock Quote - SuperDirectories Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  SuperDirectories Inc   SDIR:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   946.246    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   SuperDirectories, Inc. is a human-edited Internet directory.  The directory is made up of full-text searchable categories, cross-references and links. SuperDirectories derives its revenue from pay-per-click fees, website listing fees, advertising banners, and affiliates and associates programs.    Address  5337 Route 374Merrill 12955NYUnited States   Phone  1-518-425-0320   Website   www.superdirectories.com              

SuperDirectories Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















superdirectories inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Media
SuperDirectories, Inc. is a human-edited Internet directory.  The directory is made up of full-text searchable categories, cross-references and links. SuperDirectories derives its revenue from pay-per-click fees, website listing fees, advertising banners, and affiliates and associates programs.




Corporate Information
Address:

5337 Route 374
Merrill 12955
NY
United States


Phone:
1-518-425-0320


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.superdirectories.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	SUPERDIRECTORIES Trademark of SUPERDIRECTORIES, INC.. Serial Number: 75838183 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
SUPERDIRECTORIES










 
Get FREE email alerts













SUPERDIRECTORIES  Trademark Information
 SUPERDIRECTORIES, INC.
computer services, namely, providing searchable databases through a global computer network




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
services         providing   searchable   databases   global   network    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark by SUPERDIRECTORIES, INC. 
                                in MERRILL, , 12955.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner SUPERDIRECTORIES, INC. of the SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, November 2, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SUPERDIRECTORIES by 
                        SUPERDIRECTORIES, INC., MERRILL 12955.
                        The USPTO has given the SUPERDIRECTORIES 
                        trademark serial  number of  75838183.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for SUPERDIRECTORIES is 
                        
                        
                                            ROBERT E. HESLIN of 
                                            HESLIN & ROTHENBERG, P.C.,  5 COLUMBIA CIRCLE, ALBANY, NEW YORK 12203-5160 
                                .
                            The SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SUPERDIRECTORIES 
                            is computer services, namely, providing searchable databases through a global computer network. 
                            





Word mark:
 SUPERDIRECTORIES


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

11/3/2007



  Serial Number:  
75838183


  Filing Date:  
11/2/1999


 Registration Number:  
2425941 


 Registration Date:  
1/30/2001


 Goods and Services: 
computer services, namely, providing searchable databases through a global computer network


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

SUPERDIRECTORIES, INC.MERRILL 12955
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Supplemental


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ROBERT E. HESLIN
HESLIN & ROTHENBERG, P.C.
5 COLUMBIA CIRCLE
ALBANY, NEW YORK 12203-5160






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/1999





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/3/2007
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ROBERT E. HESLIN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SUPERDIRECTORIES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search superdirectories on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SUPERDIRECTORIES 




SUPERDIRECTORIES is providing computer services, namely, providing searchable databases through a global computer network.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















10-Q: SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,513
-66.90
-0.31%






Nasdaq

6,411
+23.05
+0.36%






S&P 500

2,470
-2.63
-0.11%









12:01 A.M. ET


                                  Proof Americans need major therapy over their Facebook and Twitter issues
                                





 
12:01 A.M. ET


Updated
      1 in 3 Americans are this frighteningly close to plummeting into poverty
                                





 
12:01 A.M. ET


Updated
      One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
                                





 
7/24


                                  Sen. John McCain will return to D.C. for health-care vote
                                





 
7/24


                                  Trump jams with the Boy Scouts, but can’t decamp from politics
                                





 
7/24


                                  Alphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
                                





 
7/24


Updated
      The scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
                                





 
7/24


Updated
      Is this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
                                





 
7/24


Updated
      Fed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
                                





 
7/24


                                  MLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
                                





 
7/24


                                  Bitcoin platform scores key greenlight from Wall Street regulator
                                





 
7/24


Updated
      Alphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog recap
                                





 
7/24


                                  Is Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
                                





 
7/24


                                  Opinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
                                





 
7/24


                                  Opinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
                                





 
7/24


                                  Opinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
                                





 
7/24


Updated
      30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
                                





 
7/24


Updated
      Companies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
                                





 
7/24


                                  Anadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
                                





 
7/24


                                  Alphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: SUPERDIRECTORIES INC.
    








    By

Published: Aug 25, 2014 3:57 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  The financial data presented below should be read in conjunction with the more detailed financial statements and related notes, which are included elsewhere in this report. Information discussed herein, as well as elsewhere in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, includes forward-looking statements or opinions regarding future events or the future financial performance of the Company, and are subject to a number of risks and other factors which could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Among such factors are general business and economic conditions, and risk factors as listed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K or listed from time to time in documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Results of Operations - Q3 FY2014.  For the nine months ended June 30, 2014, we incurred a net operating loss of $180,321 as compared with a net operating loss of $126,687 for the comparable period last year.  Our net operating losses consist primarily of ongoing costs of operating our website, as well as legal and accounting fees incurred in connection with ongoing SEC filing requirements, and consulting services.  Since inception, we have not generated revenue. We intend for our service directory to go "live" during the course of this fiscal year, at which time we expect to begin generating revenue.  Liquidity and Capital Resources - Q3 FY2014.  Our cash at June 30, 2014 was $6,013. Our cash on hand is unlikely to be sufficient capital, in and of itself to finance our bare administrative costs, let alone our proposed operations, during the next 12 months. No assurance can be given that funding will be available to us, on reasonable terms, if at all.  Net cash used in operating activities in the nine months ended June 30, 2014 was $64,830 compared with $106,036 for the same period last fiscal year. The drop-off in the amount of cash used during the first nine months of this fiscal year as compared with last fiscal year, is due primarily to the non-cash derivative liability adjustments which mask the reductions in accounting and legal expense connected with being public offset by the value of shares issued in payment of various consulting services.  Net cash used in operating activities from inception through June 30, 2014 was $3,718,901.  Net cash provided by financing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2014 was $54,852, which is slightly higher than the figure for the same period last year of $38,254 due to repayment of loans to our sole officer and director, Luke LaLonde, totaling $29,067 repaid during the first nine months ended June 20, 2014, versus $0 repaid in the first nine months ended June 30, 2014.  Net cash provided by financing activities from inception through June 30, 2014 was $4,099,733.  Plan of Operation - FY2014.  The following discussion of our plan of operation for the next 12 months and our discussion of our liquidity and capital resources should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto, and the other financial data included in our previously filed annual report. We are including this Plan of Operation in recognition of the fact that we are a development stage company and have yet to achieve operating revenues.  Our plan of operation for the next twelve months is dependent upon our raising additional capital. As of June 30, 2014, we only had $6,013 in cash available; however, we still believe we can satisfy our basic capital requirements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014 from cash on hand, so long as we augment that with private placements of our common stock and/or loans from management.  We have been successful in financing our operational and developmental activities to date by selling shares of our common stock and from advances from our President. However, we have no assurance that we will be able to continue in this way, and our current available cash balance as of June 30, 2014 is insufficient to continue development, and will require a significant stock offering and/or continued advances from our President in order to have sufficient capital to continue development until income producing business operations are commenced. We have no plans for other business activities if we are unable to raise required funds. We believe we will need to raise additional capital of approximately $500,000 in order to continue operations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014 as well as fully implement our entire business and marketing strategy at all planned levels of activity. Our activities to date have been limited to building our database. The information available through our directory comes from ever changing and growing sources.  We have recently experienced delays in meeting certain target dates related to our business operations. The delays were principally caused by our need to synchronize the capabilities of our existing servers and to install fiber optic lines in our Gatineau, Quebec facilities.  We believe that in the 4th quarter of 2014, we will have a sufficient database to make our website marketable. We currently have 9 directory editors who work on a contract basis, research subjects for our directory, create new categories and add websites to our directory. Our average cost per directory consultant is approximately $1,200 per month. We are currently conducting a training program for our editors to help us to reach the desired efficiency of each editor being able to add approximately 1,800 new links per day into our database.  We currently have five servers in operation - two in Watertown, New York at facilities operated by Westelcom, two in Gatineau, Quebec, and one at facilities operated by MCI in Montreal. We plan to install a sixth server at a Westelcom facility in Plattsburgh, New York in the fall of 2014.  In 2014, contingent on available funding, we intend to start building an administrative staff that will be needed to manage our business as we prepare to move from a developmental to operational mode. In this regard, we plan to add approximately six administrative personnel and expect to begin to incur related payroll costs of approximately $15,000 per month.  By late 2014, we anticipate that we will have sufficiently developed our database to the point where we can offer a product that will be receptive to potential customers. At that time, although we will continue to add to our database, we intend to start adding marketing personnel to develop and implement a plan to bring our product into the marketplace. We plan to add 2 marketing personnel per month beginning in late 2014 until we reach a total of 10 at an approximate monthly payroll cost of $2,750 per such employee.  We expect that our marketing team will be fully assembled by the third quarter of 2014. At that point, much of the effort of our marketing team will be directed to developing a national marketing effort and formulating a plan and cost projection to carry it out. Our national marketing effort is not expected to commence until after September 2014. The feasibility of our national marketing plan will be dependent on our ability to raise additional capital and we have no assurances that this can be accomplished. However, it is not vital to our operations and we will implement it only when and if we have sufficient funds. We have no present plans for any other business.  A major portion of our anticipated revenues is expected to come from Pay Per Click fees which we expect will commence in late 2014. We are presently generating 245,000 clicks per month and we have no agreements in place at this time to convert clicks to cash. Our rate structure will be a flat $0.25 per click compared to an average of $0.92 per click for Google and Yahoo, the most measurable in our industry who generate more than 2,000,000 clicks per day. We expect to increase our monthly click rate as our marketing activities increase.  Banners will be sold on an annual basis, starting as soon as possible after June 2014 when we will attempt to convert all present (trial basis) free-banner sites to paid sites. The program has not commenced, no transactions have been recorded and no sums raised or fees received.  We intend to introduce a fixed "price per click" (as opposed to the highest bid strategy employed by all known competitors) which we expect to yield a following dedicated to true content matching rather than a ranking based on price. This plan will be modified to offer discounts to sites producing the highest click ratings. We believe this strategy is not yet in wide use and will require a series of modifications to test and prove the concept. In the opinion of management, the bidding concept for key words is not the proper, customer-centric way to determine the priority order of websites to be shown in search results. We believe that showing the most frequently accessed sites at the top of the results list produces a more practical result for users/searchers.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  Critical Accounting Policies.  We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.  Development Stage Activities  The Company was incorporated in the state of Delaware on November 15, 1999, and re-domiciled in the state of Wyoming on August 25, 2010. Activities to date have been directed at developing a searchable directory of selected contents from the Internet and raising capital through the issuance of the Company's capital stock.  Stock-Based Compensation  The Company measures and recognizes compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees, consultants and directors based on their grant-date estimated fair values over the period in which the share-based awards are expected to vest.  Use of Estimates  The preparation of financial statements requires us to make assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to reserves; impairment of website development cost, value of our stock issued to consultants for services and deferred taxes. We base our estimates on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions; however, we believe that our estimates, including those for the above-described items are reasonable.  Aug 25, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





5 of the best places to see the ‘Great American Eclipse’ on Aug. 21





Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30





The dark side of cruises





Before NASA can send humans to Mars, it needs to solve these problems




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Courts


Credit


Currency


Judges


Markets


Society




U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


U.S. Dollar


Europe


European Markets


Politics and Government




Russia


Washington, D.C.


Canada


Retail


Earnings


Sales






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Jordan, Michael


Phelps, Michael


Williams, Brian


Williams, Michael


Jones, Brian




Williams, James


Lynch, Michael


Jones, Edward


Snow, John


Warner, John


King, John




Warner, Mark


McConnell, Mitch


Woods, Tiger


Kelly, Gary


Kennedy, Robert


Kelly, Robert






Companies in the news



The Associated Press


Halliburton Co.


Hasbro Inc.


Jones


Texas Pacific Group


Precision Industries




Apple Inc.


United Health Services


Trend Line


Performance


Ball Corp.


Bank of America Corp.




Exxon Mobil Corp.


News Corp.


Facebook


Capital One Financial


Travel


Professional Services Group






Organizations in the news



European Court of Justice


European Union


Supreme Court


Republican Party


United Nations


OPEC




European Central Bank


World Bank


Small Business Administration


Nasdaq Stock Market


Food and Drug Administration


University of Washington




Washington State University


Washington University


Brookings Institution


Harvard University


New York University


University of California












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




12:47 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:02aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
12:01a1 in 3 Americans are this frighteningly close to plummeting into poverty
12:01aProof Americans need major therapy over their Facebook and Twitter issues
10:00pSen. John McCain will return to D.C. for health-care vote
9:43pTrump jams with the Boy Scouts, but can’t decamp from politics
8:19pAlphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
8:05pThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
8:04pIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
7:20pFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
7:02pMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
6:14pBitcoin platform scores key greenlight from Wall Street regulator
6:01pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog recap
5:48pIs Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
5:16p30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
5:05pCompanies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
5:04pAnadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
5:00pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
12:56pOpinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
12:55pOpinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
12:52pOpinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Superdirectories Inc. Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis




























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software

Software & Technology Services Company Reports





Superdirectories Inc. Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis





Date:
July 15, 2017



Pages:
50


Price:




US$ 499.00








 Superdirectories Inc. Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis







Enhanced SWOT Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








PESTEL Analysis (+ US$ 150.00)








IFE, EFE, IE Matrices (+ US$ 125.00)








Porter Five Forces Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








VRIO Analysis (+ US$ 75.00)








Special Bundle, including all types of analyses (+ US$ 400.00)You save US$ 100.00



Publisher:
BAC Reports


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery - PDF (on default), Hard Copy Mail Delivery (+US$ 190.00)



ID:
S262C95B4BFBEN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
Analysis Features





Superdirectories Inc. Due Diligence Report provides a complete overview of the company’s affairs. All available data is presented in a comprehensive and easily accessed format. The report includes financial and SWOT information, industry analysis, opinions, estimates, plus annual and quarterly forecasts made by stock market experts. The report also enables direct comparison to be made between Superdirectories Inc. and its competitors. This provides our Clients with a clear understanding of Superdirectories Inc. position in the  Software and Technology Services Industry.  


The report contains detailed information about Superdirectories Inc. that gives an unrivalled in-depth knowledge about internal business-environment of the company: data about the owners, senior executives, locations, subsidiaries, markets, products, and company history. 
Another part of the report is a SWOT-analysis carried out for  Superdirectories Inc.. It involves specifying the objective of the company's business and identifies the different factors that are favorable and unfavorable to achieving that objective. SWOT-analysis helps to understand company’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and possible threats against it. 
The Superdirectories Inc. financial analysis covers the income statement and ratio trend-charts with balance sheets and cash flows presented on an annual and quarterly basis.  The report outlines the main financial ratios pertaining to profitability, margin analysis, asset turnover, credit ratios, and company’s long-term solvency. This sort of company's information will assist and strengthen your company’s decision-making processes.  
In the part that describes Superdirectories Inc. competitors and the industry in whole, the information about company's financial ratios is compared to those of its competitors and to the industry. The unique analysis of the market and company’s competitors along with detailed information about the internal and external factors affecting the relevant industry will help to manage your business environment. Your company’s business and sales activities will be boosted by gaining an insight into your competitors’ businesses. 
Also the report provides relevant news, an analysis of PR-activity, and stock price movements. The latter are correlated with pertinent news and press releases, and annual and quarterly forecasts are given by a variety of experts and market research firms. Such information creates your awareness about principal trends of Superdirectories Inc. business. 


About Superdirectories Inc.
SuperDirectories, Inc., a development stage company, engages in the design and development of the Superdirectories Web site linking to the companys searchable directory of selected materials.

Products

The companys principal product is a searchable directory of selected topics presented on the Internet, at superdirectories.com. Its database produces results that include specific materials presented alphabetically and geographically compared to voluminous and often random results from keyword-driven Internet search engine experience. SuperDirectories' Web site provides links to major search engines to assist users to make searches via other firms' search engines. It uses a program called Open Tracker, an Internet Web site traffic analyzer. It provides statistics about visitors, including the popular pages.

Competition

The company would compete with Google, MSN, and Yahoo!.

History

SuperDirectories, Inc. was founded in 1999. The company was formerly known as LukeSmart, Inc. and changed its name to SuperDirectories, Inc. in 2001.
The above Company Fundamental Report is a half-ready report and contents are subject to change. 
It means that we have all necessary data in our database to prepare the report but need 2-3 days to complete it. During this time we are also updating the report with respect to the current moment. So, you can get all the most recent data available for the same price. Please note that preparation of additional types of analyses requires extra time.




RESEARCH METHODOLOGY	
DISCLAIMER	
1. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. COMPANY PROFILE
1.1. Key facts
1.2. Financial Performance	
1.3. Key Executives	
1.4. Ownership and Major Holders	
1.5. Company History	
2. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
2.1. Business Description	
2.2. Major Products and Services	
2.3. Markets and Sales Activities
2.4. Locations, Subsidiaries, Operating Units
3. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. SWOT ANALYSIS
3.1. Overview
3.2. Strengths
3.3. Weaknesses
3.4. Opportunities
3.5. Threats
4. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. FINANCIAL ANALYSIS
4.1. Financial Statements
  4.1.1. Income Statement
  4.1.2. Balance Sheet
  4.1.3. Cash Flow
4.2. Financial Ratios
  4.2.1. Profitability
  4.2.2. Margin Analysis
  4.2.3. Asset Turnover
  4.2.4. Credit Ratios
  4.2.5. Long-Term Solvency
  4.2.6. Growth Over Prior Year
  4.2.7. Financial Ratios Charts
4.3. Stock Market Snapshot
5. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. COMPETITORS AND INDUSTRY ANALYSIS
5.1. Superdirectories Inc. Direct Competitors
5.2. Comparison of Superdirectories Inc. and Direct Competitors Financial Ratios
5.3. Comparison of Superdirectories Inc. and Direct Competitors Stock Charts
5.4. Superdirectories Inc. Industry Analysis
  5.4.1. Software and Technology Services Industry Snapshot
  5.4.2. Superdirectories Inc. Industry Position Analysis
6. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. NEWS & EVENTS
6.1. News & PR Activity Analysis
6.2. IR Corporate News
6.3. Marketing News
6.4. Corporate Events
7. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. EXPERTS REVIEW1
7.1. Experts Opinion
7.2. Experts Estimates
8. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. ENHANCED SWOT ANALYSIS2
9. UNITED STATES PESTEL ANALYSIS2
9.1. Political Factors
9.2. Economic Factors
9.3. Social Factors
9.4. Technological Factors
9.5. Environmental Factors
9.6. Legal Factors
10. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC.  IFE, EFE, IE MATRICES2
10.1. Internal Factor Evaluation Matrix
10.2. External Factor Evaluation Matrix
10.3. Internal External Matrix
11. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. PORTER FIVE FORCES ANALYSIS2
12. SUPERDIRECTORIES INC. VRIO ANALYSIS2

APPENDIX: RATIO DEFINITIONS

LIST OF TABLES
Superdirectories Inc. Key Facts
Profitability
Management Effectiveness
Income Statement Key Figures
Balance Sheet Key Figures
Cash Flow Statement Key Figures
Financial Performance Abbreviation Guide
Superdirectories Inc. Key Executives
Key Executives Biographies1
Key Executives Compensations1
Superdirectories Inc. Major Shareholders
Superdirectories Inc. History	
Superdirectories Inc. Products
Revenues by Segment 
Revenues by Region	
Superdirectories Inc. Offices and Representations
Superdirectories Inc. SWOT Analysis
Yearly Income Statement Including Trends 
Income Statement Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Yearly Balance Sheet Including Trends 
Balance Sheet Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Yearly Cash Flow Including Trends 
Cash Flow Latest 4 Quarters Including Trends 
Superdirectories Inc. Profitability Ratios
Margin Analysis Ratios
Asset Turnover Ratios
Credit Ratios 
Long-Term Solvency Ratios
Financial Ratios Growth Over Prior Year
Superdirectories Inc. Capital Market Snapshot
Superdirectories Inc. Direct Competitors Key Facts
Direct Competitors Profitability Ratios
Direct Competitors Margin Analysis Ratios
Direct Competitors Asset Turnover Ratios
Direct Competitors Credit Ratios
Direct Competitors Long-Term Solvency Ratios
Software and Technology Services Industry Statistics
Superdirectories Inc. Industry Position
Company vs. Industry Income Statement Analysis
Company vs. Industry Balance Sheet Analysis
Company vs. Industry Cash Flow Analysis
Company vs. Industry Ratios Comparison
Superdirectories Inc. Consensus Recommendations1
Analyst Recommendation Summary1
Price Target Summary1
Experts Recommendation Trends1
Revenue Estimates Analysis1
Earnings Estimates Analysis1
Historical Surprises1
Revenue Estimates Trend1
Earnings Estimates Trend1
Revenue Revisions1
LIST OF FIGURES
Superdirectories Inc. Annual Revenues in Comparison with Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit
Profit Margin Chart
Operating Margin Chart
Return on Equity (ROE) Chart
Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Debt to Equity Chart
Current Ratio Chart
Superdirectories Inc. 1-year Stock Charts
Superdirectories Inc. 5-year Stock Charts
Superdirectories Inc. vs. Main Indexes 1-year Stock Chart
Superdirectories Inc. vs. Direct Competitors 1-year Stock Charts
Superdirectories Inc. Article Density Chart
1 – Data availability depends on company’s security policy. 
2 – These sections are available only when you purchase a report with appropriate additional types of analyses. 
The complete financial data is available for publicly traded companies.

SWOT Analysis
SWOT, which stands for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats, is an analytical framework that identifies the internal and external factors that are favorable and unfavorable for a company.

Enhanced SWOT Analysis
Enhanced SWOT is a 3×3 grid that arranges strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats into one scheme:

How to use the strengths to take advantage of the opportunities?
How to use the strengths to reduce likelihood and impact of the threats?
How to overcome the weaknesses that obstruct taking advantage of the opportunities? 
How to overcome the weaknesses that can make the threats a reality?

Upon answering these questions a company can develop a project plan to improve its business performance.

PESTEL Analysis
PESTEL (also termed as PESTLE) is an ideal tool to strategically analyze what influence different outside factors – political, economic, sociocultural, technological, environmental and legal – exert on a business to later chart its long term targets.
Being part of the external analysis when carrying out a strategic assessment or performing a market study, PESTEL gives an overview of diverse macro-environmental factors that any company should thoughtfully consider. By perceiving these outside environments, businesses can maximally benefit from the opportunities while minimizing the threats to the organization.
Key Factors Examined by PESTEL Analysis:

Political – What opportunities and pressures are brought by political bodies and what is the degree of public regulations’ impact on the business?
Economic – What economic policies, trends and structures are expected to affect the organization, what is this influence’s degree?
Sociological – What cultural and societal aspects will work upon the demand for the business’s products and operations?
Technological – What impact do the technological aspects, innovations, incentives and barriers have on the organization?
Environmental – What environmental and ecological facets, both locally and farther afield, are likely to predetermine the business?
Legal – What laws and legislation will exert influence on the style the business is carried out?


IFE, EFE, IE Matrices
The Internal Factor Evaluation matrix (IFE matrix) is a strategic management tool helping audit or evaluate major weaknesses and strengths in a business’s functional areas. In addition, IFE matrix serves as a basis for identifying and assessing relationships amongst those areas. The IFE matrix is utilised in strategy formulation.
The External Factor Evaluation matrix (EFE matrix) is a tool of strategic management that is typically utilised to assess current market conditions. It is an ideal instrument for visualising and prioritising the threats and opportunities a firm is facing.
The essential difference between the above mentioned matrices lies in the type of factors incorporated in the model; whilst the latter is engaged in internal factors, the former deals exceptionally with external factors – those exposed to social, political, economic, legal, etc. external forces. 
Being a continuation of the EFE matrix and IFE matrix models, the Internal External matrix (IE matrix) rests upon an investigation of external and internal business factors integrated into one suggestive model. 

Porter Five Forces Analysis
The Porter’s five forces analysis studies the industry of operation and helps the company find new sources of competitive advantage. The analysis surveys an industry through five major questions:

What composes a threat of substitute products and services?
Is there a threat of new competitors entering the market?
What is the intensity of competitive rivalry?
How big is the bargaining power of buyers?
How significant is the bargaining power of suppliers?


VRIO Analysis
VRIO stands for Value, Rarity, Imitability, Organization. This analysis helps to evaluate all company’s resources and capabilities and bring them together into one aggregate table that includes:

Tangible resources
Financial
Physical
Technological
Organizational

Intangible resources
Human
Innovation and Creativity
Reputation

Organizational capabilities

The result of the analysis gives a clear picture of company’s competitive and economic implications, answering the questions if the resources mentioned above are:

Valuable?
Rare? 
Costly to imitate? 
Organized properly? 

Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Chemaphor Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages


Changyuan Group Ltd. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages


Tecnologia Avanzata Dei Sistemi SpA Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages


Maxicare Health Plans Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages








Ask Your Question
Superdirectories Inc. Due Diligence Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:

























Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Software








Software Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


The software industry encompasses a raft of companies involved in the elaboration, maintenance, distribution and marketing of software. Software can be classified as follows: infrastructure, security, service automation, enterprise, content management, cloud computing software, etc. 
Globalization, increasing interest in information technologies, product innovations and technological advancements are the key factors driving the market growth. At the same time, software piracy, economic instability and currency fluctuations are the main market restraints. The US is the king of the software world in terms of production and development. IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Google, Kaspersky, SAP AG, Apple, Symantec, Adobe and EMC are amid the most prominent players of the software global arena.
This MarketPublishers’ catalogue presents a slew of the research reports disclosing the current situation and historic evolution of the software market at all geographical levels. The research studies offer relevant data on the market size and structure; characterize major market trends and profile dominant market participants. The reports contain detailed analyses of different market segments and review the most recent business activities (mergers, acquisitions and collaborations). Besides, the research reports discuss future prospects for the market.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Algeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Morocco
                                                                                                                                                        --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                                                    --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Ukraine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Austria
                                                                                                                                                        --Belgium
                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                    --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                    --Greece
                                                                                                                    --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                        --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                        --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                --Romania
                                                                                                                                                        --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kuwait
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Turkey
                                                                                --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Anguilla
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bahamas
                                                                                --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Software
--Application Software  --Operating System  --Programming Software  --Software Development  --Software & Technology Services Company Reports  --Video Games  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        AccuStream iMedia Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        AMID
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        BCC Research
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        CHILDWISE
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Chlue Research
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        datamining
                        Detailed-Analysis Research (DAR)
                        Emerging Markets Direct
                        EU Research 
                        Euromonitor International
                        Evans Data Corporation
                        Feedback Consulting
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        GBI Research
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        Grand View Research, Inc.
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        HeyReport
                        HJResearch
                        HnyB Insights
                        Huidian Research
                        ICON Group International
                        IDATE Consulting & Research
                        IDTechEx
                        IE Market Research Corporation
                        iGATE Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        IHL Consulting Group
                        Indagatio Research
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Infoholic Research
                        Information Trends
                        Innovative Research & Products
                        IS Advisors
                        JP Research
                        KBV Research
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Linarch Information Solutions
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        Market Research Future 
                        MarketLine
                        MarketsandMarkets
                        Meticulous Market Research Pvt. Ltd.
                        MicroMarketMonitor
                        Mind Commerce Publishing
                        NanoMarkets
                        Netscribes
                        Occams Business Research & Consulting
                        Omi Advisories
                        Orion Market Research Private Limited
                        Ovum
                        Parks Associates
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Progressive Markets (owned by Antviews Global)
                        QYResearch
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchFox Consulting 
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        S&P Consulting
                        SCRI International
                        Signals and Systems Telecom
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        SNE Research
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Stratview Research
                        SunFaith China
                        TechSci Research
                        The Black Book of Outsourcing
                        The Business Research Company
                        The Insight Partners
                        Tuoda Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Visiongain
                        Williams & Marshall Strategy
                        WinterGreen Research
                        World Market Intelligence
                        Zion Market Research
                    



                            Found
                                 9938 publications                    



Youth Team and League Sports Software Market Strategies and Forecasts
US$ 4,200.00
 ... youth and recreational teams move to automated process The youth sports software is sold or given away free to teams, leagues and tournaments. Often a league will distribute the software to teams, clubs, or tournaments. Sometimes teams ...  Jul, 2017 737 pages


Global and Europe IC Card Management System Market - Analysis and Outlook to 2022
US$ 2,960.00
 ...  details inside analysis and opinion in IC Card Management System industry. This report focus Global and Europe market, it covers details players regions product type and other details as following: Key Players Infineon Technologies ABNOTE Smart Card ...  Jul, 2017 117 pages


Global Software Market for Autonomous Cars 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  cars with autonomous levels of 3 or above. The software for autonomous car is the software that makes the car autonomous. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global software market for autonomous cars ...  of software for newly manufactured autonomous vehicles. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Technavio's report, Global Software Market for Autonomous ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ...  growth prospects of the global personal finance software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the installations of personal finance software, which are downloaded as mobile ... , Global Personal Finance Software Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape ...  Jul, 2017 62 pages


Global Contract Life-cycle Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... ABOUT CONTRACT LIFE-CYCLE MANAGEMENT Contract life cycle management software enables the organization to manage the life cycle of the contracts created or governed by the company. These include third-party contracts such as procurement, sales, leasing ...  global contract life-cycle management market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sale of contract life cycle management software license ...  Jul, 2017 92 pages


Global Brand Management Software Market 2017-2021
US$ 3,500.00
 ... , and marketing communications. Brand management software is a software for managing brand assets. The software includes several features for data management and organization of brand assets. Technavio’s analysts forecast the global brand management software market to grow ...  prospects of the global brand management software market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the new installations/volume of the brand management software market. The market is divided ...  Jul, 2017 69 pages


2017-2022 Global and Japan Antivirus & Security Software Market Analysis Report
US$ 2,670.00
 ... 2022, with a CAGR of xx%. This report studies the Antivirus & Security Software development status and future trend in Japan, focuses on top players in Japan, also splits Antivirus ...  Jul, 2017 126 pages


Global Oil and Gas Project Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Oil and Gas Project Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Oil and Gas Project Management Software development status and ...  Market segment by Type, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can be split into By Deployment By Module Market segment by Application, Oil and Gas Project Management Software can ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Network Analysis Module (NAM) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Network Analysis Module (NAM) market, analyzes and researches the Network Analysis Module (NAM) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Live Video Streaming Services Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Live Video Streaming Services market, analyzes and researches the Live Video Streaming Services development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global IoT Operating Systems Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global IoT Operating Systems market, analyzes and researches the IoT Operating Systems development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Human Capital Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Human Capital Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Human Capital Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Electronic Signature Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Electronic Signature Software market, analyzes and researches the Electronic Signature Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Electronic Signature Software can be split into On-Premises Electronic Signature Software Mobile Electronic Signature Software Cloud Electronic Signature Software Market segment by Application, Electronic Signature Software can be split into Large ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Catalog Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Catalog Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Catalog Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 101 pages


Global Video Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Editor market, analyzes and researches the Video Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 100 pages


Global Translation Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Translation Software market, analyzes and researches the Translation Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Photo Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Photo Editor market, analyzes and researches the Photo Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United ...  by Type, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can be split into On Premise Software On-demand/Cloud based (SAAS) Market segment by Application, Pharmacovigilance and Drug Safety Software can ...  Jul, 2017 95 pages


Global Image Editor Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Image Editor market, analyzes and researches the Image Editor development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Enterprise Collaboration Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Enterprise Collaboration Software market, analyzes and researches the Enterprise Collaboration Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 93 pages


Global Drug Safety Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Drug Safety Software market, analyzes and researches the Drug Safety Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 97 pages


Global Construction Estimating Software Market 2017 Industry Research Report
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the Construction Estimating Software market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of players, regions, product and  ...  top players in global and major regions, and splits the Construction Estimating Software market by product and Application/end industries. The major players in global market include UDA ...  Jul, 2017 127 pages


Global Auto Repair Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Repair Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Repair Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 105 pages


Global Auto Dealer Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auto Dealer Software market, analyzes and researches the Auto Dealer Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 103 pages


Global Audit Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Audit Software market, analyzes and researches the Audit Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 102 pages


Global Auction Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Auction Software market, analyzes and researches the Auction Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 101 pages


Global Apparel Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Apparel Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Apparel Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 106 pages


Global Corrugated Packaging Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Corrugated Packaging Software market, analyzes and researches the Corrugated Packaging Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 102 pages


Global CAE Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global CAE Software market, analyzes and researches the CAE Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Avionics Computing Systems Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Avionics Computing Systems market, analyzes and researches the Avionics Computing Systems development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 108 pages


Global Wedding Invitations Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Wedding Invitations Software market, analyzes and researches the Wedding Invitations Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 94 pages


Global Video Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Video Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 115 pages


Global Home Design Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Home Design Software market, analyzes and researches the Home Design Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Home Design Software can be split into Home & Floor Plan Design Interior & Room Design Landscape & Garden Design Market segment by Application, Home Design Software can be split ...  Jul, 2017 90 pages


Global Email Migration Tools Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Email Migration Tools market, analyzes and researches the Email Migration Tools development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 94 pages


Global Data Quality Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Data Quality Software market, analyzes and researches the Data Quality Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 101 pages


Global Video Streaming Softwares Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Streaming Softwares market, analyzes and researches the Video Streaming Softwares development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 109 pages


Global Shipping Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
 ... global and major regions, and splits the Shipping Software market by product and Application/end industries. The global Shipping Software market ...  Jul, 2017 109 pages


Global Web Hosting Service Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Web Hosting Service market, analyzes and researches the Web Hosting Service development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Web Hosting Service can be split into VPS (Virtual Private Server) Web Hosting Shared Web Hosting Dedicated Web Hosting Other Market segment by Application, Web Hosting Service can be split ...  Jul, 2017 93 pages


Global VR Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global VR Software market, analyzes and researches the VR Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, VR Software can be split into Operating System SDK VR Engine Application Software Market segment by Application, VR Software can be split into ...  Jul, 2017 109 pages


Global Video Player Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Player Software market, analyzes and researches the Video Player Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 98 pages


Global Video Live Social Platform Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Live Social Platform market, analyzes and researches the Video Live Social Platform development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 103 pages


Global Mobile Phone E-book Reader Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Mobile Phone E-book Reader market, analyzes and researches the Mobile Phone E-book Reader development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 90 pages


Global Internet Data Center (IDC) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Internet Data Center (IDC) market, analyzes and researches the Internet Data Center (IDC) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 100 pages


Global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software market, analyzes and researches the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan ...  Market segment by Type, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software can be split into Mobile ERP Cloud ERP Social ERP Two-tier ERP Market segment by Application, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software can be split ...  Jul, 2017 96 pages


Global Enterprise Data Center (EDC) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Enterprise Data Center (EDC) market, analyzes and researches the Enterprise Data Center (EDC) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global ...  Jul, 2017 93 pages


Global Energy Storage Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Energy Storage Software market, analyzes and researches the Energy Storage Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India  ...  China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Energy Storage Software can be split into BTM Energy Storage Software Utility-Scale Energy Storage Software Market segment by Application, Energy Storage Software can be split into Power ...  Jul, 2017 103 pages


Global Download Management Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Download Management Software market, analyzes and researches the Download Management Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 107 pages


Global Document Imaging Software Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Document Imaging Software market, analyzes and researches the Document Imaging Software development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 104 pages


Global Autopilot System Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Autopilot System market, analyzes and researches the Autopilot System development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 96 pages


Global Video Editing Softwares Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
US$ 3,300.00
This report studies the global Video Editing Softwares market, analyzes and researches the Video Editing Softwares development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market ...  Jul, 2017 96 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:



























About Super Directories (SDIR) - Investing.com Canada





























































































x




Breaking News












How would you best describe yourself?
Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Active Trader 


Thank you!











 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Sign up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Sign up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (USA)TürkçeEnglish (UK)‏العربية‏English (India)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





 



 


 




















Super Directories (SDIR)	


 
OTC Markets








Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














0.000
0.000
  
0.00%



08/02 - Closed. Currency in USD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
United States


ISIN:
US86805T3005 


S/N:
86805T300

 



Volume: 0
Bid/Ask: 0.000 / 0.000
Day's Range: 0.000 - 0.000

 
START TRADING NOW 





Super Directories
0.000
0.000
0.00%




START TRADING NOW



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming charts
Interactive Chart




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data




Super Directories Company Profile

 
			

Get an in-depth profile of Super Directories, including a general overview of the company's business and key management, as well as employee data and location and contact information.








 


IndustryComputer Services
SectorTechnology
Employees1
Equity TypeORD


SuperDirectories, Inc. is a development-stage company. The Company’s activities include the organization of the Company, design and development of the SuperDirectories Website linking to the Company’s searchable directory of selected materials, developing the searchable directory database itself, and continued improvement and expansion of such directory and infrastructure to its readiness for commercialization. The Company’s principal product is a searchable directory of selected topics presented on the Internet, at www.superdirectories.com. The Company’s database produces results which are consist of specific materials presented alphabetically and geographically. The Company uses a program called Open Tracker, an Internet Website traffic analyzer, which provides statistics about visitors, including the popular pages.


Contact Information


Address
Lyon Mountain, NY 12955-3037United States



Phone
+1-518-4250320



Fax
800-2535177



Web
www.superdirectories.com




Loading...








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read and understood Investing.com Canada's comment guidlines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 
 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P/TSX15,128.69-54.44-0.36%  S&P/TSX 60 Futures889.40-2.75-0.31%  S&P/TSX 60 VIX14.43+2.66+22.60%  S&P 500 Futures2,468.500.000.00%  Nasdaq Futures5,932.12-1.88-0.03%  DAX12,208.95-31.11-0.25%  US Dollar Index93.72-0.10-0.11%  Euro Index93.16+0.10+0.11%  Crude Oil WTI46.61+0.27+0.58%  Brent Oil48.85+0.25+0.51%  Natural Gas2.901+0.014+0.48%  Gold1,256.18+1.88+0.15%  Silver16.456+0.013+0.08%  US Soybeans1,012.50+14.62+1.47%  US Cotton #268.60+0.32+0.47%  Aluminum1,918.25+7.25+0.38%  USD/CAD1.2501-0.0008-0.06%  EUR/CAD1.4573+0.0010+0.07%  EUR/USD1.1658+0.0015+0.13%  GBP/USD1.3032+0.0004+0.03%  USD/JPY111.03-0.07-0.06%  AUD/USD0.7938+0.0015+0.19%  BTC/USD2,765.0+3.2+0.12%  ETH/USD224.47-2.08-0.92%  Canada 5Y1.566+0.047+3.09%  Canada 10Y1.922-0.002-0.10%  Canada 30Y2.273+0.023+1.02%  US 2Y Yield1.365-0.000-0.01%  US 10Y Yield2.250-0.003-0.14%  US 30Y Yield2.832-0.001-0.05%  Germany 10Y0.505+0.003+0.80%  Japan 30Y0.865-0.004-0.46%  Start Trading 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1658

+0.0015 +0.13%



Summary
Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 5
Sell 7



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 3

 



EUR/USD
1.1658

+0.0015 +0.13%



Summary
Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 5
Sell 7



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 3



GBP/USD
1.3032

+0.0004 +0.03%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 4
Sell 8



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 2



USD/JPY
111.03

-0.07 -0.06%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 8
Sell 4



Indicators:
Buy 7
Sell 0



AUD/USD
0.7938

+0.0015 +0.19%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 4
Sell 8



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 7



USD/CAD
1.2500

-0.0009 -0.07%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 5
Sell 7



Indicators:
Buy 8
Sell 1



EUR/JPY
129.44

+0.08 +0.06%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 11
Sell 1



Indicators:
Buy 8
Sell 0



EUR/CHF
1.1038

+0.0020 +0.18%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 12
Sell 0



Indicators:
Buy 7
Sell 1



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1658
Sell
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3032
Neutral
 


 
 
USD/JPY
111.03
Strong Buy
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7938
Strong Sell
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2500
Neutral
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
129.44
Strong Buy
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1038
Strong Buy
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  SDIR0.0000.0000.00% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
Toronto Dominion Bank
65.02
-0.50%
2.07M

 


 
Bank of Nova Scotia
78.15
+0.46%
1.43M

 


 
Royal Bank Of Canada
93.67
-0.22%
1.38M

 


 
TransCanada
64.31
-0.33%
1.08M

 


 
Canadian National Railway
101.63
-1.20%
1.06M

 


 
Canadian Imperial Bank
107.73
-0.47%
1.01M

 


 
Canadian Pacific Railway
199.69
-1.77%
385.36K

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
Berkley Renewables Inc
0.055
+83.33%
5.00K

 


 
Pounce Technologies
0.2850
+78.13%
122.78K

 


 
Aylen Capital Inc
0.025
+66.67%
18.00K

 


 
Stroud Resources
0.015
+50.00%
379.00K

 


 
Declan Resources
0.120
+50.00%
27.00K

 


 
Petrocapita Income Trust
0.015
+50.00%
60.00K

 


 
Shoal Point Energy Ltd
0.030
+50.00%
6.23M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
Gentor Resources
0.010
-50.00%
1.00K

 


 
Novicus
0.3400
-48.48%
1.70K

 


 
Uranium Valley Mines
0.070
-41.67%
3.28K

 


 
UpSnap Inc
0.015
-40.00%
211.40K

 


 
GAR Ltd
0.055
-38.89%
10.00K

 


 
Everest Ventures
0.320
-36.00%
1.00K

 


 
Pacific Imperial Mines
0.010
-33.33%
5.00K

 

 


Promotions
Currently no promotions are available   















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 
 












SuperDirectories Inc: OTCMKTS:SDIR quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceSuperDirectories Inc(OTCMKTS:SDIR)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




SuperDirectories Inc  (Public, OTCMKTS:SDIR)  
Watch this stock
 




















0.00020









Aug 30 - Close


OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

    -



52 week

    -



Open

    -



Vol / Avg.

0.00/0.00



Mkt cap

189,250.00



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

0.00



Shares

946.25M



Beta

    -



Inst. own

0%































News





Relevance



Date











All news for SuperDirectories Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q2 (Jun '14)
2013


Net profit margin
-
-

Operating margin
-
-

EBITD margin
-
-

Return on average assets
-5670.41%
-342.96%

Return on average equity
-
-

Employees
1
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
5337 State Route 374LYON MOUNTAIN, NY 12955-3037United States
- Map+1-518-4250320 (Phone)+1-800-2535177 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.superdirectories.com

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




SuperDirectories, Inc. is a development-stage company. The Company’s activities include the organization of the Company, design and development of the SuperDirectories Website linking to the Company’s searchable directory of selected materials, developing the searchable directory database itself, and continued improvement and expansion of such directory and infrastructure to its readiness for commercialization. The Company’s principal product is a searchable directory of selected topics presented on the Internet, at www.superdirectories.com. The Company’s database produces results which are consist of specific materials presented alphabetically and geographically. The Company uses a program called Open Tracker, an Internet Website traffic analyzer, which provides statistics about visitors, including the popular pages.


More from Reuters »












Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service




403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




