










 













 







Suran Global Macro Offshore Fund, Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Beer  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Suran Global Macro Offshore Fund, Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Suran Asset Management, Llc 3839 Flatlands Avenue, Suite 201 
    Brooklyn, NY, 11234Phone: (718) 705-9300 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-03


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-11-03


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-11-03


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Willy Beer 
 Executive 


 David Bree 
 Director 


 Charles Scharf 
 Director, Executive 


 N/A Suran Asset Management, Llc 
 Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Suran Global Macro Fund Lp raised $20,437,797 on November 3rd, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/384145-suran-global-macro-fund-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=384145  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Suran Global Macro Fund Lp raised $20,437,797 on November 3rd, 2015.Get alertedif Suran Global Macro Fund Lp gets funded!Amount:$20,437,797Company:Suran Global Macro Fund LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkBrooklynKey people:Willy Beer (Executive Officer) Charles Scharf (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Suran Global Macro Fund, LP (0001623989) (Filer)Description:In November 3d, 2015, Suran Global Macro Fund Lp raised 20M in a funding round. Suran Global Macro Fund Lp is a Finance-specialized enterprise.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!



Suran Global Macro Fund, LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Suran Global Macro Fund, LP
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Suran Global Macro Fund, LP





















Suran Global Macro Fund, LP
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in Brooklyn,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Tuesday, January 06, 2015.






c/o Suran Global Macro GP, LLC
Brooklyn,
New York, 
11234 
United States
Phone: (718) 705-9300




Inception Date2015-01-06
Minimum Investment1.00M
CIK0001623989
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:22:07.081262
NameSuran Global Macro Fund, LP
Latest Filing2016-11-03
As of Date2016-11-03
Inception2015-01-06
EIN462332832
Form D File Number021-227587
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership











Statements



Commitments and Contributions


Private Investors












11-16
11-15
11-14




Commitments/Contributions
20.44M
20.44M
None











11-16
11-15
11-14




Investors
22.00
22.00
None

































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC









Suran Global Macro Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Suran Global Macro Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company Suran Global Macro Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Suran Global Macro Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001623989IRS Number: 462332832Company address: C/O SURAN GLOBAL MACRO GP, LLC 3839 FLATLANDS AVENUE, SUITE 201 BROOKLYN 11234Phone number: (718) 705-9300



People related to Suran Global Macro Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryScharf  Charlesc/o Suran Global Macro GP, LLC 3839 Flatlands Avenue, Suite 201BrooklynNYN/A  Suran Global Macro GP, LLC3839 Flatlands Avenue Suite 201BrooklynNYBeer  Willyc/o Suran Global Macro GP, LLC 3839 Flatlands Avenue, Suite 201BrooklynNY




Suran Global Macro Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesSuran Global Macro Offshore Fund, Ltd., Suranya Global Opportunities Offshore Fund, Ltd., SURANYA GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES PARTNERS LP












 









SURAN GLOBAL MACRO FUND, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SURAN GLOBAL MACRO FUND, LP
                    

•   BROOKLYN, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Suran Global Macro Fund is based out of Brooklyn.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-03. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SURAN GLOBAL MACRO FUND, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




suran global macro fund, lp


C/O SURAN GLOBAL MACRO GP, LLC

BROOKLYN
NY
                                                        
                                                    11234


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (718) 705-9300







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/03/2016
D/A filed on 11/03/2015
D filed on 11/03/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
20,437,797
INDEFINITE


2015-11-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
20,437,797
INDEFINITE


2014-11-03
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




CHARLES   SCHARF

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   SURAN GLOBAL MACRO GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



WILLY   BEER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Global Macro Hedge Fund | Crescat Capital



Global Macro Hedge Fund | Crescat Capital































 





 








Navigation



Home
Team

Investment Team

Kevin C. Smith, CFA
Ben Nachtrieb
Otavio (“Tavi”) Costa
Nils Jenson


Operations and Client Service Team

Linda Carleu Smith, CPA
Kevin Ludolph




Investment Process

Overview
Investment Philosophy
Current Investment Themes
Investor Letters


Strategies
Investor Letters
Awards
Resources

Due Diligence
Glossary of Investment Terms


News
Contact
 Search






  Products & Performance  Global Macro Hedge Fund










Global Macro Hedge Fund



Inflation. Deflation. Bubbles and busts. Our Global Macro Hedge Fund is all about capitalizing on big-picture trends and imbalances while hedging risk. Our global themes are enhanced by expert fundamental analysis and stock picking.
Crescat Global Macro Hedge Fund was featured in Barron’s, along with discussion from Chief Investment Officer Kevin C. Smith.

Download the Performance Report

Net Returns through 5/31/2017
Risk-Adjusted Return Measures Since Inception
Growth of Initial $1,000,000
Peer Group Analysis from eVestment, inception through December, 2015
Returns, Risk-Adjusted Performance Measures, and Growth of $1,000,000, and Peer Group Analysis are presented net of management fees. 5% outliers in Peer Group Analysis have been eliminated. 



Crescat Capital LLC manages hedge funds and separate accounts through its wholly owned subsidiary, Crescat Portfolio Management LLC, an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Registration as an investment adviser does not imply a certain level of skill or training. Crescat Portfolio Management claims compliance with Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®). Prospective clients can obtain a compliant presentation and the firm’s list of composite descriptions by contacting Crescat by phone at (303) 271-9997, or by visiting our website at https://www.crescat.net/resources/due-diligence/. Returns are presented net of management fees and performance fees. The currency used to express performance is U.S. dollars.
Strategy and Composite Description
The Crescat Global Macro Hedge Fund Composite includes all accounts that are managed according to the firm’s global macro hedge fund strategy over which the manager has full discretion. This hedge fund strategy has a broad and flexible mandate. The strategy strives to grow and protect client capital through an actively-managed, prudently-diversified, multi-asset-class portfolio of liquid global securities. The manager follows a multi-disciplinary, value-based investment process with risk controls. The strategy blends top-down, macroeconomic analysis with bottom-up, fundamental valuation. The investment team’s macroeconomic analysis includes the valuation of currencies, commodities, industries, and markets in order to develop global macroeconomic themes that guide positions and exposures. The largest asset class exposure is large- and mid-cap global equities, long and short, with a long bias. The manager trades and invests in individual equities as well as exchange-traded funds and related options. The manager also takes long and short positions in currencies, commodities and fixed income securities primarily through liquid, exchange-listed futures and options contracts. The manager may take limited positions in over-the-counter derivatives. The strategy employs a moderate amount of leverage within constraints based on the investment team’s assessment of market risks and opportunities. The strategy’s bottom-up approach to equity valuation starts with a proprietary, fundamental, quantitative model that was originally built in 1997 by the firm’s Chief Investment Officer, Kevin C. Smith, CFA. The model applies an innovative and robust discounted-free-cash-flow methodology to produce daily valuations of the top 2,000 largest and most-liquid global equities that trade on a U.S. exchange. The fundamental quant model has been consistently refined and applied to managing this strategy since its inception. The investment team performs additional qualitative analysis to validate buy and sell signals generated by the model and to integrate model-driven ideas with the firm’s macro themes. The goal of the strategy is to generate high risk-adjusted returns as measured by Alpha, Sortino Ratio, Omega Ratio, and Gain-Loss Ratio that are in the top 10% of all global hedge fund managers across diverse investment disciplines.
Benchmarks
The S&P 500 Index is perhaps the most commonly followed stock market index. It is considered representative of the US stock market at large. It is a market-cap-weighted index of the 500 largest and most liquid companies listed on the NYSE and NASDAQ exchanges. While the companies are U.S. based, most of them have broad global operations. Therefore, the index is representative of the broad global economy. It is a suitable benchmark for the Crescat Global Macro Hedge Fund Composite which has also traded extensively in large, highly-liquid global equities through U.S.-listed securities.
The HFRX Global Hedge Fund Index represents a broad universe of hedge funds with the capability to trade a range of asset classes and investment strategies across the global securities markets. The index is weighted based on the distribution of assets in the global hedge fund industry. It is a trade-able index of actual hedge funds. It is a suitable benchmark for Crescat’s Global Macro Hedge Fund Composite which has also traded in multiple asset classes and applied a multi-disciplinary investment process since inception.
Private Securities Offering Legend For Crescat Global Macro Fund LP and Crescat Long/Short Fund LP (Hereafter “Crescat fund or Crescat funds”)
Only accredited investors and qualified clients will be admitted as limited partners to a Crescat fund. For natural persons, investors must meet SEC requirements including minimum annual income or net worth thresholds. Crescat funds are being offered in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and are not required to comply with specific disclosure requirements that apply to registration under the Securities Act. The SEC has not passed upon the merits of or given its approval to the Crescat funds, the terms of the offering, or the accuracy or completeness of any offering materials. A registration statement has not been filed for any Crescat fund with the SEC. Limited partner interests in the Crescat funds are subject to legal restrictions on transfer and resale. Investors should not assume they will be able to resell their securities. Investing in securities involves risk. Investors should be able to bear the loss of their investment. Investments in the Crescat funds are not subject to the protections of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Performance data represents past performance, and past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance data is subject to revision following each monthly reconciliation and annual audit. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data presented. Crescat is not required by law to follow any standard methodology when calculating and representing performance data. The performance of Crescat funds may not be directly comparable to the performance of other private or registered funds. Investors may obtain the most current performance data and private offering memorandum for a Crescat fund by contacting Linda Smith at (303) 271-9997 or by sending a request via email to lsmith@crescat.net. See the private offering memorandum for each Crescat fund for complete information and risk factors.


















Search

Products & PerformanceGlobal Macro Hedge Fund
Long/Short Hedge Fund
Crescat’s Large Cap Composite
 







Type and Press “enter” to Search





 








 

Suran Global Macro Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/216394-suran-global-macro-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=216394  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Suran Global Macro Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Suran Global Macro Fund Lp gets funded!Suran Global Macro Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkBrooklynIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 3rd, 2015$20,437,797-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Suran Global Macro Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleWilly BeerExecutive OfficerCharles ScharfExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!