

richard d. surber
















Home and Garden 

Crafts 

Recreation 

Clothing 

Jewelry 









Food 

Health 

Publications 

Vehicles 

Sports 














Name or Desc
Type
Country
City
 


Search 

All
Home And Garden
Crafts
Recreation
Clothing
Jewelry
Food
Health
Publications
Vehicles
Sports

All Countries
United States
Canada
United Kingdom
Belgium
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Italy
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Spain
China
Sweden
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua, Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia, Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Is.
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Is.
Central African Rep.
Chad
Chile
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Is.
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Is.
Faroe Is.
Fiji
French Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard, Mcdonald Is.
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea South
Korea North
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, F.Y.R Of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
St. Kitts, Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Pierre, Miquelon
St. Vincent, Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Is.
Somalia
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad, Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks, Caicoss
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Is. British
Virgin Is. U.S.
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe


















  
Sites
 | 
Directory By Country






















Richard D. Surber 


















Richard D. Surber









Creager Studios
                        Web Site: creagers.com  
               Category: Crafts - Dolls\Art Dolls              Location: California - Grass Valley, United States
            


              United States
                          


Gallery of dolls by artists Jodi and Richard Creager. Richard and Jodi have been designing Dolls together since 1979.Their appreciation and love of studying the customs and traditions of the Worlds...



  








Richard Sports Shop
                        Web Site: richard-sport.com  
               Category: Clothing - Casual              Location: Paris, France
            


              France
                          


Offering different trademarks and sportswear products.



  








O'Henry House, Ltd.
                        Web Site: laurarichard.com  
               Category: Home and Garden - Furniture\Handcrafted              Location: North Carolina - High Point, United States
            


              United States
                          


Laura Richard offers bench-made upholstered furniture with a choice of fabrics.



  








Dixondale Farms
                        Web Site: dixondalefarms.com  
               Category: Food - Produce\Onions              Location: Texas - Vanderpool, United States
            


              United States
                          


Offers starter onion plants, King Richard leeks, and Texas Sweet onions.



  








StarWinds
                        Web Site: starwinds.net  
               Category: Recreation - Kites              Location: Massachusetts - Gardner, United States
            


              United States
                          


Richard & Sheila Goodwin have been selling kites, flags, windsocks and windchimes from their home shop in Gardner, MA since 1989.



  








Richard Stacey
                        Web Site: richardstacey.com  
               Category: Recreation - Models\Miniatures and Dollhouses              Location: Virginia - Chichester, United States
            


              United States
                          


Offering brick and stone products for finishing dollhouses and miniatures. Includes fair show schedule.



  








Exciting Gardens
                        Web Site: excitinggardens.com  
               Category: Home and Garden - Plants              Location: Illinois - Bloomington, United States
            


              United States
                          


Online ordering from Richard Owen Nursery in Illinois, for perennials, bulbs, and miscellaneous garden plants.



  








Philip Richard Honolulu
                        Web Site: philiprickardhonolulu.com  
               Category: Jewelry - Precious Metals\Gold              Location: Hawaii - Honolulu, United States
            


              United States
                          


Handcrafted Hawaiian 14k and 18k custom jewelry in yellow, white and rose (pink) gold.



  








Richard Haver Furnituremaker
                        Web Site: haverfurniture.com  
               Category: Home and Garden - Furniture\Handcrafted              Location: Vermont - Vershire, United States
            


              United States
                          


A gallery of unique and creative hand-made furniture using unusual and exotic woods. Items can be ordered and commissions are accepted.



  







Palms Up Pottery
                        Web Site: palmsuppottery.com  
               Category: Crafts - Ceramics\Pottery              Location: Nevada - Las Vegas, United States
            


              United States
                          


Stoneware items handcrafted by Richard Collison. Galleries include funpots, tableware, bathware, home decor and frog pots.



  








Richard Kirishian Rug Co.
                        Web Site: kirishianrugs.com  
               Category: Home and Garden - Floors\Carpets and Rugs              Location: Washington - Spokane, United States
            


              United States
                          


Oriental Persian, machine-made and handmade area rugs and rug cleaning services.



  








The Book Art of Richard Minsky
                        Web Site: minsky.com  
               Category: Crafts - Paper\Book Arts              Location: New York - Hudson, United States
            


              United States
                          


Exibition catalog and schedule of the founder of The Center for Book Arts. Includes a range of galleries, links, and articles.



  








Richard Bissell Fine Woodworking
                        Web Site: bissellwoodworking.com  
               Category: Home and Garden - Furniture\Handcrafted              Location: Vermont - Putney, United States
            


              United States
                          


Offering handmade Shaker and Mission style furniture including pencil post and canopy beds, with Windsor chairs, tables, bureaus and desks.



  








Shanware Pottery
                        Web Site: shanware.com  
               Category: Crafts - Ceramics\Pottery              Location: New Hampshire - Rumney, United States
            


              United States
                          


Stoneware porcelain pottery by Richard Wetterer. Includes information about the pottery process.



  








Richard Simmons
                        Web Site: richardsimmons.com  
               Category: Health - Weight Loss\Tapes and Books              Location: California - Los Angeles, United States
            


              United States
                          


Fitness and weight loss infomercial products - 'Move Groove and Lose' and 'FoodMover'. Also, cookbooks, vitamins, and his other famous videos. Recipes, member's club, support groups. Buy online.



  








Richard Todds WebBall
                        Web Site: webball.com  
               Category: Sports - Baseball\Coaching and Instruction              Location: British Columbia - Port Coquitlam, Canada
            


              Canada
                          


WebBall offers baseball skills development and strategy for youth league baseball coaches and players.



  








RJH Custom Hand Crafted Cues
                        Web Site: rjhcustomcues.com  
               Category: Sports - Billiards\Cues and Cue Cases              Location: New York - Brooklyn, United States
            


              United States
                          


Custom pool cues by Richard J Hsu of Brooklyn, New York. Offers images.



  








Ashwood Daylilies
                        Web Site: ashwooddaylilies.com  
               Category: Home and Garden - Plants\Daylilies              Location: Ohio - Glouster, United States
            


              United States
                          


Daylilies offered for sale from Ashwood Garden, many recent introductions from major hybridizers Includes Richard Norris seedlings.



  








Richard H. Donnelly Fine Chocolates
                        Web Site: donnellychocolates.com  
               Category: Food - Confectionery\Chocolate              Location: California - Santa Cruz, United States
            


              United States
                          


Maker of chocolates and chocolate bars. Site includes product information, gift registry, and chocolate recipes.



  








Richard Burbidge Decorative Timber
                        Web Site: richardburbidge.co.uk  
               Category: Home and Garden - Home Improvement\Building Materials              Location: Shropshire, United Kingdom
            


              United Kingdom
                          


UK supplier of decorative timber products, including stair balustrading, parts and spindles, wood mouldings, laminate and wood flooring and garden decking.



  








Richard's Custom Rifles
                        Web Site: richardscustomrifles.com  
               Category: Recreation - Guns\Custom Guns              Location: Virginia - Vinton, United States
            


              United States
                          


Custom Benchrest Rifles, Varmint Hunting Rifles, and custom hand made stocks.



  








Richard Goode Aerobatics
                        Web Site: russianaeros.com  
               Category: Vehicles - Aircraft              Location: Kent, United Kingdom
            


              United Kingdom
                          


Sales of Russian Sukhoi and Yakovlev aerobatic aircraft. Located in Herefordshire, United Kingdom.

We imported the first Russian aircraft to the West in 1987 and have now sold 
more Russian...



  








Ceramic Sculpture Gallery
                        Web Site: ceramicsculpture.com  
               Category: Crafts - Galleries              Location: New Jersey - Hackettstown, United States
            


              United States
                          


Tour the personal galleries of today's leading ceramic sculptors. Over 150 ceramic artworks on display. Peter Callas, Peter Voulkos, Paul Soldner, Takao Okazaki, Ewen Henderson, Don Reitz, Richard...



  







Richard Shock Woodturner
                        Web Site: woodstockturning.co.uk  
               Category: Crafts - Woodcraft\Woodturning              Location: Oxford, United Kingdom
            


              United Kingdom
                          


Offers bowls, platters and personalized items. Oxford, UK.  have been turning wood in my workshop in Oxford, UK for several years making a wide range of products, including bowls, platters,...



  








Hickory Farms
                        Web Site: hickoryfarms.com  
               Category: Food - Specialty and Gourmet              Location: Ohio - Maumee, United States
            


              United States
                          


Offering specialty foods and gifts. Richard Ransom founded Hickory Farms 56 years ago in the pastoral farm country of Ohio. He started the company by selling hand cut cheeses at local home shows....



  



Richard D. Surber related press 
Nexia Holdings CEO Issues Annual Update to Shareholders: 
                             Nexia Holdings, Inc. ("Nexia") (OTC Bulletin Board: NEXH), a diversified holding company with operations in real estate, health & beauty, and the fashion retail industry, announced today the following letter to shareholders from Company CEO Richard Surber. 

Dear Valued Shareholder:  ...  


MSHA Issues Warning to Children and Adults to 'Stay Out and Stay Alive': 
                             The U.S. Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) today launched its annual "Stay Out-Stay Alive" public safety campaign to warn outdoor enthusiasts, especially children, about the dangers of playing on mine property. 

Since 1999, more than 200  ...  


Chicago Magazine's Special Sports Issue: 
                             CHICAGO, March 15, 2011 -- Exactly twenty years after the Chicago Bulls won their first of six championships, Chicago once again finds itself putting faith in a solid team led by a huge talent. In an upcoming commemorative sports issue,  ...  


AMA Foundation Honors Compassionate Physicians With Excellence in Medicine Awards: 
                             The American Medical Association (AMA) Foundation will honor five physicians with awards representing the highest ideals of medical service in providing care to underserved and uninsured patients. These physicians are recognized for their altruism, compassion, and leadership. The physicians will  ...  


Consumer Group to NYC Bureaucrats: 'Focus on Real Food Safety Issues: 
                             Today the nonprofit Center for Consumer Freedom (CCF) scoffed at the New York City Board of Health's proposal to ban trans fat from all of the city's food service outlets, and its intention to mandate that restaurants list calories on  ...  


Bariatric Partners Adds Florida Partnership: 
                             Bariatric Partners, Inc. is pleased to announce that Lee J. Grossbard, MD, Richard L. DiCicco, MD, Pandurangan Krishnaraj, MD, of Tampa, Florida, along with Ernest C. Rehnke, MD, of St. Petersburg, Florida have joined with Bariatric Partners to form Journey  ...  


Angel Brinks Fashion Adds Dresses To Their Current Collection: 
                             NEW YORK, April 10, 2012 -- Angel Brinks Fashion has been making quite a buzz lately with their one of a kind bodysuits and leggings. Your favorite celebrities such as Lil Kim, Mya, Trina, Dawn Richard, Rosa Acosta, Ladies of  ...  


Candlelight Vigil Draws Attention to Olympia Healthcare Workers Plight for Quality Care: 
                             Community leaders joined healthcare workers from Olympia Medical Center this week at a candlelight vigil to bring attention to management's failure to work with frontline caregivers on policies to improve retention, wages and the recruitment of qualified staff. 

Olympia Medical  ...  


Topshop Supports London Fashion Week Inside & Out: 
                             Topshop has announced it will be live streaming the shows it supports live from London Fashion Week.

Topshop has announced that for the first time customers will be able to watch front row action from the shows they support live from  ...  


American Honda Records Best-Ever November Sales: 
                             Total American Honda Motor Co., Inc., November vehicle sales increased 0.6 percent over last year to 106,446, breaking the previous November record of 105,860 set in 2005, the company announced today. Supported by a 51.1 percent increase in Honda CR-V  ...  































Home | 
    Submit | 
    Privacy | 
          Contact | 
             © 2005-2015 Shopping Directory. All Rights Reserved.
             
          













 Home - Richard Surber 




















































    

























No menu assigned!












  





   
Color Me Rad
  
   
Landis Salons
    
   
WE Productions & Redline Entertainment
    
   
The Dirty Dash
    
   
The Lantern Fest
    
   
Slide the City
    
   
Trike Riot
    1    
  1        




  









Richard Surber
CEO | SACK LUNCH PRODUCTIONS





As CEO, Director and controlling shareholder of Sack Lunch Productions, Inc. (OTC PINK: SAKL), Richard Surber is driving dynamic innovation in the world of event production/management and film production.





Read More 





  




COMPANIES















 Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


 


Other LinksResources
Videos




Other ProfilesAthlinks Profile
AVVO Profile
Xing Profile
Manta
viadeo
Tumblr




SAKL in OTC Markets Latest SAKL Quote 








© 2017 Richard Surber.  














Home
Companies
About
Contact Richard Surber




 


























 About Richard Surber - Richard Surber 



















































    

























No menu assigned!












  


Richard SurberCEO | Sack Lunch Productionsfacebooktwitterlinkedinpinterest






As CEO, Director and controlling shareholder of Sack Lunch Productions, Inc. (OTC PINK: SAKL), Richard Surber is driving dynamic innovation in the world of event production/management and film production. Guided by Mr. Surber’s visionary expertise, Sack Lunch Productions, its branded events, event franchises, and feature length films maintain a global presence and reach millions of people each year. His insight has created experience-oriented entertainment that taps into an intrinsic need to revisit the wonder and awe of childhood.
With an eye toward securing a better future for everyone, Mr. Surber ensures each of his operations beneficially support their local communities through conservation, environmentally responsible business practices and philanthropic opportunities.
Richard Surber’s experience includes more than 20 years in the public markets; assisting undercapitalized companies reach their financial goals and SEC compliance objectives. With a background in corporate law, securities regulation, and corporate finance, he has helped shepherd many privately owned operations toward becoming public entities. In addition, he is the entrepreneurial force behind the Landis Lifestyle Salon business model, which he financed and co-founded in 2005.
Mr. Surber holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from the University of Utah and a Juris Doctor with an emphasis in corporate law, including securities, taxation and bankruptcy from the University of Utah’s S.J. Quinney College of Law. He has been a member of the California Bar since 1999 specializing in complex corporate and federal securities matters and now practices law on a limited basis.














 Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


 


Other LinksResources
Videos




Other ProfilesAthlinks Profile
AVVO Profile
Xing Profile
Manta
viadeo
Tumblr




SAKL in OTC Markets Latest SAKL Quote 








© 2017 Richard Surber.  














Home
Companies
About
Contact Richard Surber




 
























 Companies - Richard Surber 



















































    

























No menu assigned!












  


MenuSack Lunch ProductionsGreen EndeavorsLandis SalonsThe Lantern FestSlide The CityColor Me RadThe Dirty DashTrike RiotWG ProductionRedline Entertainment



  






  









Sack Lunch Productions
Our operations are primarily production related.  Specifically, we focus on event production/management and film production. Additionally, a smaller portion of our holdings include businesses in health and beauty and real estate. Our flagship events include Slide The City and The Lantern Fest and these events continue to expand. We operate globally through franchise agreements and are working to develop additional event offerings.


Investor Information Video



  






  









Green Endeavors
Green Endeavors, Inc. is a micro cap company traded on Pinksheets. As a penny stock company, we are traded under the symbol GRNE. Green Endeavors’ salons operate under the name Landis Salons, Inc.; currently holding two salons in northern Utah.


Video Interview with Richard Surber



  






  









Landis Lifestyle Salons
At Landis Lifestyle Salon, we believe in the spirit of community. We are proud to be an integral part of the Sugarhouse/Liberty Heights neighborhood. We embrace the beauty of Utah, its deserts and mountains. Our logo is the Sego Lily, a beautiful native flower that grows in the harshest of conditions, an emblem of pride and spirituality for many people.
The salon interior is warm and inviting. With the help of local architects, MJSA, the salon has both period and modern design elements. It has the colors and rhythm of the desert, with a pinch of New York cosmopolitan style.
Landis Lifestyle Salon has a strong connection to the environmental issues. We are the only salon designated an E2 Business in Salt Lake City. The E2 Program is a group of local businesses devoted to environmental and economic sustainability. At Landis, we’ve never “gone green.” We started out that way.
Landis Lifestyle Salon has a strong connection to the environmental issues. We are the only salon designated an E2 Business in Salt Lake City. The E2 Program is a group of local businesses devoted to environmental and economic sustainability. At Landis, we’ve never “gone green.” We started out that way.
In September of 2010 Landis opened its second Landis Lifestyle Salon in the Marmalade area of Salt Lake City. This salon seeks to expand and build on the style and high quality client services provided by the original salon. Current revenues and growth are on track to meet our goals and expectations for this expansion of the Landis brand.


Landis Recruiting Video



  






  















The Lantern Fest




At The Lantern Fest®, thousands of revelers join together armed with lanterns for one unforgettable spectacle. There will be music, dancing, s’mores and, when the time is just right, we will light the sky with our highest hopes, deepest regrets, and fondest dreams. These lanterns are 100% biodegradable. Not to mention after each release we have professional “Lantern Chasers” that will make those armored truck driving meteorologists look like your local news’ weatherman.







Visit Official Website 





  






  

















Slide The City




Summer time is upon us, and we are bringing 1000 feet of slick vinyl to brighten your city streets. Come dressed to impress because it’s not every day you can strut through town with your hot bod, cool dance moves and slick slides. Did we mention 1000 feet? Yeah, that’s over 3 football fields.









Visit Official Website 





  






  

















Color Me Rad




Start out as clean as a newborn babe, and throughout the run, our volunteers will coat you with liquids, powders, and gels of blue, green, pink, purple, and yellow until your face, shirt, and body come out silkscreened like a tie-dyed hippie on the other side. Each section of the run adds a new explosion of color to your clean, painter’s palate until you cross the finish line into a final blitzkrieg of color.









Visit Official Website 





  






  

















The Dirty Dash




This is the race your mother warned you about. The Dirty Dash is a mud run obstacle course where a military boot camp meets your inner five-year-old’s fantasy and subsequently converts boy to man and then man to swine. All you’ll need is a complete lack of shame to wallow in pits of mud and a smile to show through at the end!









Visit Official Website 





  






  

















Trike Riot




TRIKE RIOT is the latest installment from Sack Lunch Productions, which brought you a thousand foot water slide down city streets (Slide the City), a sky full of stars (The Lantern Fest), a party of color (Color Me Rad), and mud pit madness (The Dirty Dash). Sack Lunch continues to create innovative events and stay on the cutting edge of fun. TRIKE RIOT is the latest and greatest event to hit the pavement. You won’t want to miss these three wheels!









Visit Official Website 





  






  













WG Production Company




WG Productions Company (the “Company”) is an entity specializing in the production of feature length films. The Company develops, creates, and produces feature length films for consumption in worldwide markets. The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sack Lunch Productions Inc.
Originally launched in 2005, the Company has developed significant ties with actors, agents, managers, and other entertainment companies in Los Angeles, CA.
The Company has worked with stars Mila Kunis (Black Swan, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, That ‘70s Show), Jon Heder (Napoleon Dynamite, Blades of Glory, School for Scoundrels), Jason Mewes (Clerks, Mallrats, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back), Rutger Hauer (Blade Runner, Batman Begins, Sin City), Luke Perry (Beverly Hills 90120, The Fifth Element, Jeremiah), Taylor Negron (The Last Boy Scout), Ariana Bagley (Scoot & Kassie’s Christmas Adventure) Drew Fuller (Vampire Clan, Charmed, Army Wives), Ethan Embry (Dutch, Vegas Vacation, Can’t Hardly Wait), William Devane (Rolling Thunder, West Wing, 24) Ben Browder (Farscape, Stargate SG-1), James Marsters (Buffy, The Vampire Slayer, P.S. I Love You, Angel), Katherine Heigl (Greys Anatomy, Knocked Up, New Year’s  Eve, Life as We Know It, Killers), Ben Barnes (The Chronicles of Narnia; Prince Caspian, Stardust, Dorian Gray) Jes Macallan (Mistresses, The Football Fairy, Crash & Burn) and William Atherton (Ghostbusters, Die Hard, The Last Samurai).









  






  













Redline Entertainment, Inc




Redline Entertainment is worldwide movie distribution company that is a subsidiary of Sack Lunch Productions, Inc. Redline works on the distribution of movies across multiple platforms to a worldwide audience.  Often the films to be distributed are produced by WG Productions Company and Redline enters into contracts with various other producers and moviemakers for their projects.
For the majority of such films and for worldwide markets Redline has a relationship with Highland Film Group which promotes the films for distribution at various film festivals and through private contacts.  Contracts for the distribution of films in markets worldwide, including the Far East, Europe, Middle East, Africa and South America have been arranged and distribution fees earned through these efforts.  Redline has agreements in place to insure the safety of payments/funding for distribution agreement throughout the world and to account for funds through the chain from source through to the return to the original producers of the project.


















 Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


 


Other LinksResources
Videos




Other ProfilesAthlinks Profile
AVVO Profile
Xing Profile
Manta
viadeo
Tumblr




SAKL in OTC Markets Latest SAKL Quote 








© 2017 Richard Surber.  














Home
Companies
About
Contact Richard Surber




 
























 Videos Archives - Richard Surber 




















































    

























No menu assigned!












Category
Videos






 





Jul
11


  0 





										Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files									 

By Richard Surber | Videos | 
								No Comments

Read More










Jul
11


  0 





										MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon									 

By Richard Surber | Videos | 
								No Comments

Read More










Jul
11


  0 





										Investor Awareness Video									 

By Richard Surber | Videos | 
								No Comments

Read More











  Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


California Stock Fraud


Globalization and Corporate Finance


 Categories 
Resources

Videos













 Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


 


Other LinksResources
Videos




Other ProfilesAthlinks Profile
AVVO Profile
Xing Profile
Manta
viadeo
Tumblr




SAKL in OTC Markets Latest SAKL Quote 








© 2017 Richard Surber.  














Home
Companies
About
Contact Richard Surber




 




























 Contact Richard Surber - Richard Surber 























































    

























No menu assigned!












  




Contact Info:
Mailing address:
59 W. 100 S., 2nd Floor
Salt Lake City, UT 84101
Phone:
801-575-8073 
Fax:
801-575-8092








Fill out this form to send Richard a message.



Name*


First



Last

Email*


Enter Email



Confirm Email


Send a message to Richard*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 






















 Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


 


Other LinksResources
Videos




Other ProfilesAthlinks Profile
AVVO Profile
Xing Profile
Manta
viadeo
Tumblr




SAKL in OTC Markets Latest SAKL Quote 








© 2017 Richard Surber.  














Home
Companies
About
Contact Richard Surber




 
























 Resources - Richard Surber 


















































    

























No menu assigned!





















 Recent Posts 

Richard Surber Presents The Kane Files


MoneyTV with Donald Baillargeon


Investor Awareness Video


 


Other LinksResources
Videos




Other ProfilesAthlinks Profile
AVVO Profile
Xing Profile
Manta
viadeo
Tumblr




SAKL in OTC Markets Latest SAKL Quote 








© 2017 Richard Surber.  














Home
Companies
About
Contact Richard Surber




 

















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.











 Richard D. Surber |  Richard Surber





 






















 
















        

























No menu assigned!













Richard D. Surber

By RichardOctober 15, 2010Richard Surber 




 No Comments


  0 
0        0      










I have finally decided to devote some time to figuring out how to create my very own blog.  So, I expect this to be a work in progress over the next few months until I get the hang of it.  Expect lots of business related content to be posted here, with a personal interest splash peppered throughout.









  Recent Posts 

Sack Lunch Productions (SAKL): Millennial Sacks Full of Money


Sack Lunch Productions (SAKL) Uses Hybrid Business Model to Coordinate Events


Light As Air


Green Endeavors Ranked Top Utah Public in 2012


Aveda at City Creek


 Recent CommentsRichard on Highland Film Group Showcases The Kane Files at the American Film MarketBring The Fresh on Highland Film Group Showcases The Kane Files at the American Film Marketadmin on Highland Film Group Showcases The Kane Files at the American Film Marketgoogleheimer on Highland Film Group Showcases The Kane Files at the American Film MarketCorie Sattazahn on Highland Film Group Showcases The Kane Files at the American Film MarketArchives 
September 2016
November 2014
October 2013
September 2013
April 2011
March 2011
February 2011
November 2010
October 2010

Categories 
In the News

Press Releases

Richard Surber

Stock Promoter Rip Offs


Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 










Leave a Reply Cancel Reply 
 Name * 
Email *
Website
 

 

 







© 2017 Richard Surber.  














HOME
BLOG
SACK LUNCH PRODUCTIONS
ABOUT RICHARD





 






































 



 A New Audio Interview with Richard D. Surber, CEO of Green Endeavors, Inc., is now at 
         










    











 






 











 









A New Audio Interview with Richard D. Surber, CEO of Green Endeavors, Inc., is now at SmallCapVoice.com

Jun 07, 2012, 08:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   SmallCapVoice.com 











 
















































 

 




















 


AUSTIN, Texas, June 7, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- SmallCapVoice.com, Inc. announced today that a new audio interview with Green Endeavors, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: GRNE), a majority owned subsidiary of Nexia Holdings, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: NXHD) is now available. The interview can be heard at http://smallcapvoice.com/blog/5-30-12-smallcapvoice-interview-with-green-endeavors-inc-otcqb-grne
SmallCapVoice.com is a recognized corporate investor relations firm, with clients nationwide, known for its ability to help emerging growth companies build a following among retail and institutional investors. SmallCapVoice.com utilizes its stock newsletter to feature its daily stock picks, audio interviews, as well as its clients' financial news releases. SmallCapVoice.com also offers individual investors all the tools they need to make informed decisions about the stocks they are interested in. Tools like stock charts, stock alerts, and Company Information Sheets can assist with investing in stocks that are traded on the OTC BB and Pink Sheets. To learn more about SmallCapVoice.com and their services, please visit http://www.smallcapvoice.com/services.html.
About Green Endeavors, Inc.:
Green Endeavors, Inc. (GRNE.PK), headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, is a holding company with operations in health & beauty. GRNE's wholly owned subsidiaries, Landis Salons, Inc. and Landis Salons II, Inc. http://www.landissalons.com, operate hair salons built around the world-class AVEDA™ product line. For more information, visit http://www.green-endeavors.com. The numbers are not audited and have not been reviewed by an independent accountant. GRNE strongly encourages the public to read the above information in conjunction with its filings and disclosures filed in 2011 and 2012. GRNE's disclosures can be viewed at www.sec.gov and www.otcmarkets.com. Investors should not invest more than they can afford to lose in penny stocks.
FOR MORE INFORMATION, CONTACT:Richard SurberPresidentGreen Endeavors, Inc.801-575-8073 x 106 
Contact for SmallCapVoice.comStuart T. Smith512-267-2430info@smallcapvoice.com 
 
 
 
 SOURCE  SmallCapVoice.com  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.smallcapvoice.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jun 07, 2012, 08:00 ET
Preview: A New Audio Interview with Vincent Mehdizadeh CEO and Founder of Prescription Vending Machines, Inc. DBA Medicine Dispensing Systems, a Subsidiary of Medbox, Inc., is now at SmallCapVoice.com













May 22, 2012, 16:19 ET
Preview: Medical Marijuana Inc. (MJNA) Corporate Update on Industry Company Services and Future Development. First Audio-Webcast Interview With SmallCapVoice.com in Quarterly Series






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 





















Richard D. Surber - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Richard D. Surber
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Green Endeavors, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Richard D. Surber? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Richard D. Surber's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Richard D. Surber's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Richard D. Surber's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Richard D. Surber through your network of contacts.
												








Richard D. Surber's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Green Endeavors, Inc.


Past
To view Richard D. Surber's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


University of Utah


Age
43

 
 


Richard D. Surber's Biography



Mr. Surber graduated from the University of Utah with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and then with a Juris Doctorate with an emphasis in corporate law, including securities, taxation and bankruptcy. He has served as President and Director of Nexia Holdings, Inc. since May of 1999. He has been an officer and director of several public companies. He was appointed as president and to the board of directors of Green Endeavors, Inc. in September of 2007. Mr. Surber holds 37,134 shares of Series B Preferred stock and 64,864 shares of Voting Common stock of Green Endeavors, Inc. and may be deemed the beneficial owner of all shares held in t ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Surber graduated from the University of Utah with a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance and then with a Juris Doctorate with an emphasis in corporate law, including securities, taxation and bankruptcy. He has served as President and Director of Nexia Holdings, Inc. since May of 1999. He has been an officer and director of several public companies. He was appointed as president and to the board of directors of Green Endeavors, Inc. in September of 2007. Mr. Surber holds 37,134 shares of Series B Preferred stock and 64,864 shares of Voting Common stock of Green Endeavors, Inc. and may be deemed the beneficial owner of all shares held in the name of Nexia Holdings, Inc. as a result of his position as President and CEO of Nexia, this consists of 10,000,000 shares of Super Voting Preferred and  11,778,288 shares of common stock.
		
Source: Green Endeavors, Inc. on 07/30/2013
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Richard D. Surber's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Richard D. Surber. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Richard D. Surber's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Richard D. Surber's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Richard D. Surber through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Richard D. Surber


















Richard D. Surber's Connections (4)





Sign up now to view Richard D. Surber's 4 connections »









Logan C. Fast
Former Vice President, Green Endeavors, Inc.









Richard G. Clegg
Former Chief Financial Officer, Green Endeavors, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Order Instituting Administrative Proceedings File No. 3-11512 / June 8, 2004















Home | Previous Page






























UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Before the
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
June 8, 2004
ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING
File No.   3-11512


In the Matter of
Cybergate, Inc.,
Cyber Tennis, Inc.,
Cyberwholesale, Inc.,
CathayOne, Inc.,
eLocity Networks, Inc.,
Golden Opportunity Development Corp.,
J. A. B. Int'l, Inc.,
Maxx Int'l, Inc.,
Oasis Resorts Int'l, Inc.,
Rollerball Int'l, Inc.,
U.S. Homes & Properties, Inc.,
Wichita Development Corp.,
Youthline USA, Inc., and
ATC II, Inc.,
Respondents.


   
ORDER INSTITUTING ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDINGS AND NOTICE OF HEARING PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(j) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT    OF 1934 
I.
The Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission") deems it necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors that public administrative proceedings be, and hereby are, instituted pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act").
II.
After an investigation, the Division of Enforcement alleges that:
A. RESPONDENTS
1. Cybergate, Inc. ("Cybergate") (a/k/a Mortgage Financial Link.Com, Inc.) (CIK No. 1017307)1 is a Nevada shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on August 30, 2000, through the company's president, Richard D. Surber.  Cybergate is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending March 31, 2001.  Cybergate's last Form 10-QSB, filed on May 15, 2001, for the period ending March 31, 2001, reported assets of $8,488 and liabilities of $2,836.  Cybergate's stock has not publicly traded. 
2. Cyber Tennis, Inc. ("Cyber Tennis") (CIK No. 1016029) is a Nevada shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on May 10, 2001, through the company's president, Richard D. Surber.  Cyber Tennis is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending June 30, 2002, and it has a default status with the Nevada Secretary of State.  Cyber Tennis's last Form 10-QSB, filed on July 9, 2002, for the period ending June 30, 2002, reported that it had no assets and $8,791 in liabilities.  Cyber Tennis's stock has not publicly traded. 
3. Cyberwholesale, Inc. ("Cyberwholesale ") (CIK No. 1016075) is a Nevada shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on May 9, 2001, through the company's president, Richard D. Surber.  Cyberwholesale is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending June 30, 2002, and it has a default status with the Nevada Secretary of State.  Cyberwholesale's last Form 10-QSB, filed on July 9, 2002, for the period ending June 30, 2002, reported that it had no assets and $8,459 in liabilities.  Cyberwholesale's stock has not publicly traded. 
4. CathayOne, Inc. ("CathayOne ") (f/k/a Premier Brands, Inc.) (CIK No. 1071355) is a Delaware shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on March 8, 2000.  The company was originally incorporated in Utah by Richard D. Surber and sold to current management.  CathayOne is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2001, and it has had a void status with the Delaware Secretary of State since March 1, 2002.  On June 15, 2001, CathayOne filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition.  CathayOne's last Form 10-QSB, filed on February 19, 2002, for the period ending September 30, 2001, reported that the company had $8 in assets and over $2 million in liabilities.  CathayOne's stock (symbol "CATH") was delisted from the Over-The-Counter Bulletin Board service ("OTCBB") in the fourth quarter of 2001, and it was last quoted on the Pink Sheets on August 5, 2003. 
5. eLocity Networks, Inc. ("eLocity Networks") (a/k/a eLocity, Inc. and Cyber Equestrian, Inc.) (CIK No. 1017126) is a Nevada shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on August 30, 2000, through the company's president, Richard D. Surber.  eLocity Networks is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2001, and it has a default status with the Nevada Secretary of State.  eLocity Networks' last Form 10-QSB, filed on November 13, 2001, for the period ending September 30, 2001, reported that it had no assets and $2,342 in liabilities.  eLocity Networks' stock has not publicly traded. 
6. Golden Opportunity Development Corp. ("Golden Opportunity") (CIK No. 1083162) is a Nevada shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on October 15, 1999, through the company's president, Richard D. Surber.  Golden Opportunity is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2002.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on October 29, 2002, for the period ending September 30, 2002, reported that it had assets of $1,459 and liabilities of $1,459.  Golden Opportunity's stock has not publicly traded. 
7. J. A. B. International, Inc. ("J. A. B. International") (f/k/a Brush Creek Mining & Development Co., Inc.) (CIK No. 715583) is a Nevada corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission on August 15, 1984, pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g).  On June 1, 1999,  J. A. B. International entered into a consulting agreement with Richard D. Surber whereby he agreed to render consulting services in exchange for 225,000 shares of the company's restricted common stock. J. A. B. International is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2002, and it has a default status with the Nevada Secretary of State.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on November 27, 2002, for the period ending September 30, 2002, reported that it had a net loss of $275,207 for the nine months ended September 30, 2002.  J. A. B. International's stock (symbol "JABI") is quoted on the Pink Sheets. 
8. Maxx International, Inc. ("Maxx International") (f/k/a Area Investment & Development Co.) (CIK No. 1046869) is a Utah corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission on August 9, 1999, pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g).  From 1996 to 1997, Richard D. Surber and his company, Canton Financial Services Corporation, provided consulting services to Maxx International (then Area Investment).  Maxx International is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2000, and it has had an expired status with the Utah Secretary of State since September 16, 2002.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on December 27, 2000, for the period ending September 30, 2000, reported that it had a net loss of $4.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2000.  The company's stock (symbol "MXII") is quoted on the Pink Sheets.  
9. Oasis Resorts International, Inc. ("Oasis Resorts") (f/k/a Flexweight Corp.) (CIK No. 316128) is a Nevada corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission on January 8, 1981, pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12.  From 1998 to 1999, Richard D. Surber and his company, NuVen Advisors, Inc., provided consulting services to Oasis Resorts (then Flexweight Corp.).  NuVen was also a director of the company.  Oasis Resorts is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending December 31, 2000, and it has had a revoked status with the Nevada Secretary of State since November 1, 2002.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on July 3, 2001, for the period ending December 31, 2000, reported that it had a working capital deficit of $6.4 million.  The company's stock (symbol "OSRI") was last quoted on the Pink Sheets on December 10, 2002.  
10. Rollerball International, Inc. ("Rollerball") (CIK No. 925610) is a Delaware corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on March 10, 1998. Richard D. Surber acquired restricted stock from Rollerball for "services rendered."  Rollerball is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2000, and it has had a void status with the Delaware Secretary of State since March 1, 2001.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on November 20, 2000, for the period ending September 30, 2000, reported that it had incurred net losses of over $11 million from its inception.  Rollerball's stock (symbol "ROLL") is quoted on the Pink Sheets. 
11. U.S. Homes & Properties, Inc. ("U.S. Homes") (CIK No. 934395) is a Nevada corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on January 24, 2000.  U.S. Homes has paid common stock to Richard D. Surber for rendering legal opinions to the company on its securities, and Surber's first cousin, David Wolfson, is the president of U.S. Homes.2  The company is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending June 30, 2002, and it has a default status with the Nevada Secretary of State. The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on December 10, 2002, for the period ending June 30, 2002, reported that it was operating at a total net loss of over $8.7 million.  U.S. Homes' stock (symbol "USHM") is quoted on the Pink Sheets. 
12. Wichita Development Corp. ("Wichita Development ") (f/k/a Cyberbotanical, Inc.) (CIK No. 1016069) is a Nevada shell corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g) on February 8, 2000.  Wichita Development also registered securities pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 on November 22, 2000, through its president, Richard D. Surber.  Wichita Development is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2002, and it has a default status with the Nevada Secretary of State.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on November 22, 2002, for the period ending September 30, 2002, reported that it had net losses of $62,116 in 2002.  Wichita Development's stock (symbol "WHDV") is quoted on the Pink Sheets. 
13. Youthline USA, Inc. ("Youthline") (CIK No. 1095930) is a Delaware corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(g).  Richard D. Surber assisted Youthline in a reverse merger.  Youthline is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending September 30, 2000, and it has had a void status with the Delaware Secretary of State since March 1, 2002.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on December 6, 2000, for the period ending September 30, 2000, reported that it had net losses of over $19 million. Youthline's stock (symbol "YLNE") is quoted on the Pink Sheets. 
14. ATC II, Inc. ("ATC II ") (CIK No. 865286) is a Delaware corporation with equity securities registered with the Commission pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12(b) on March 15, 1991.  Richard D. Surber's office address is ATC II's EDGAR contact address.  ATC II is delinquent in its periodic filings with the Commission, having not filed a periodic report since the period ending December 30, 1996, and it has had a void status with the Delaware Secretary of State since March 1, 2004.  The company's last Form 10-QSB, filed on February 19, 1997, for the period ending December 30, 1996, reported that it had no revenue from operations in its last two fiscal years.  ATC II's stock (symbol "ATCA") is quoted on the Pink Sheets. 
B. OTHER RELEVANT PERSON
15. Richard D. Surber ("Surber"), age 31, a resident of Salt Lake City, Utah, is a shell company promoter who registered, or was otherwise affiliated with, all of the proposed respondent delinquent companies.  Surber's "consulting" business is to take private companies public via reverse mergers with public shell companies.3  He finds public shells that are defunct with no operations, but still have their stock listed on the Pink Sheets.  He then purchases a controlling interest in the shell companies.  Surber's business obtains cash fees in the range of $100,000 to $350,000 and two or three percent in stock ownership for each reverse merger deal it puts together.  Surber has a license to practice law in California, but not in Utah where his office is located.  
C. DELINQUENT PERIODIC FILINGS
16. The fourteen public companies that are Respondents in this action are or were affiliated with Richard D. Surber.  As discussed in more detail above, he registered six of them with the Commission, he incorporated another, he gave financial or merger activity advice to six of the companies, and one of the companies uses his office address as its contact address with the Commission.  All fourteen companies are all at least one year delinquent in their periodic filings.  See Chart of Delinquent Filings, attached hereto as Appendix 1.  All of the companies have failed to heed delinquency letters sent to them by the Division of Corporation Finance requesting compliance with their periodic filing obligations.
17. Exchange Act Section 13(a) and the rules promulgated thereunder require issuers of securities registered pursuant to Exchange Act Section 12 to file with the Commission current and accurate information in periodic reports, even if the registration is voluntary under Section 12(g).  Specifically, Rule 13a-1 requires issuers to file annual reports (Forms 10-K or 10-KSB), and Rule 13a-13 requires issuers to file quarterly reports (Forms 10-Q or 10-QSB).  
18. As a result of the foregoing, all of the Respondents failed to comply with Exchange Act Section 13(a) and Rules 13a-1 and 13a-13 thereunder.
III.
In view of the allegations made by the Division of Enforcement, the Commission deems it necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors that public administrative proceedings be instituted to determine: 
A. Whether the allegations contained in Section II of this Order are true, and to afford the Respondents an opportunity to establish any defenses to such allegations; and
B. Whether it is necessary and appropriate for the protection of investors to suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registrations of securities of the Respondents identified in Section II pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
IV.
IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that a public hearing for the purpose of taking evidence on the questions set forth in Section III hereof shall be convened at a time and placed to be fixed, and before an Administrative Law Judge to be designated by further order as provided by Rule 200 of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. § 201.200].
IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED that Respondents shall file Answers to the allegations contained in this Order within ten (10) days after service of this Order, as provided by Rule 220(b) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. § 201.220(b)].
If Respondents fail to file the directed Answers, or fail to appear at a hearing after being duly notified, the Respondents may be deemed in default and the proceedings may be determined against them upon consideration of this Order, the allegations of which may be deemed to be true as provided by Rules 155(a), 220(f), 221(f), and 310 of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. §§ 201.155(a), 201.220(f), 201.221(f), and 201.310].
This Order shall be served forthwith upon Respondents personally or by certified mail.
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Administrative Law Judge shall issue an initial decision no later than 120 days from the date of service of this Order, pursuant to Rule 360(a)(2) of the Commission's Rules of Practice [17 C.F.R. § 201.360(a)(2)].
In the absence of an appropriate waiver, no officer or employee of the Commission engaged in the performance of investigative or prosecuting functions in this or any factually related proceeding will be permitted to participate or advise in the decision of this matter, except as witness or counsel in proceedings held pursuant to

notice.  Since this proceeding is not "rule making" within the meaning of Section 551 of the Administrative Procedure Act, it is not deemed subject to the provisions of Section 553 delaying the effective date of any final Commission action.
By the Commission.
Jonathan G. Katz
Secretary
1   "CIK" stands for "Central Index Key," which is the unique number the Commission assigns to each entity that submits filings to it, and which allows the Commission to differentiate between filing entities with similar names.
2   The Commission has a civil injunctive action pending against David Wolfson and others in the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah for securities fraud involving the manipulation of the stock of Freedom Surf, Inc.
3   A "reverse merger" is a transaction whereby shareholders in a private company gain control of a public shell by merging it with their private company.  Typically, the public shell company issues a substantial majority of its shares and board control to the shareholders of the private company.  The private company shareholders pay for the shell and contribute their private company shares to the shell company.  Upon completion of the reverse merger, the name and ticker symbol of the public shell company are changed to reflect the name of the original private company.  

 Appendix 1: Chart of Delinquent Filings In the Matter of Cybergate, Inc., et al.



 

http://www.sec.gov/litigation/admin/34-49832-o-1.htm




Home | Previous Page
Modified: 06/08/2004










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















