










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









     
	Subra Suresh Elected to Battelle Board of Directors
       






















  

arrows

arrow-right

arrow-left

menu

search

rss

youtube

linkedin

twitter

facebook

arrow-play




Our website uses cookies to provide you with the best viewing experience. By continuing to browse our site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to accept all cookies on the site. You can change your internet browser settings yourself at anytime. Please refer to your browser's help menu. Keep in mind that our website may not function properly if you disable certain cookies.x
 
















SEARCH











About Us
Careers
Contract Vehicles
Doing Business with Us
Newsroom
STEM
Contact Us





 











Home 
Newsroom 
Press Releases 
Press Releases Detail



 



Subra Suresh Elected to Battelle Board of Directors
Posted  on Aug 25, 2014 


Loading Social Share Tool...
 

Carnegie Mellon University President Brings Unrivaled Technical and Leadership Experience to World’s Largest Non-Profit Research Organization
COLUMBUS, Ohio (Aug. 25, 2014)—Battelle announced today the election of internationally distinguished scientist and researcher, Dr. Subra Suresh, to its Board of Directors. The appointment is effective immediately. Battelle, the world’s leading independent research and development organization, serves government and commercial customers in the areas of national security, energy, health and the environment.
Suresh currently is president of Carnegie Mellon University and he holds the distinction of being the only sitting university president to have been elected to all three national academies—the Institute of Medicine, the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering. 
He also is the former director of the National Science Foundation (NSF), a $7 billion government agency charged with advancing all fields of fundamental science and engineering research and related education.
“Battelle has a distinguished history of scientific innovation and a legacy of contributing to the betterment of society,” said Dr. Suresh. “I’m honored to have the opportunity to help guide its future success as a member of its Board of Directors. The company has broad reach, with numerous technologies under development that will help solve some of the world’s most difficult challenges.”
Prior to joining the NSF, Suresh was the dean of the School of Engineering and the Vannevar Bush Professor of Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). A materials scientist, he is the co-author of more than 240 journal articles, registered 21 patents and written three widely used materials science books.
“We’re thrilled to welcome Dr. Suresh to our Board of Directors,” said Battelle President and CEO Jeff Wadsworth. “Battelle will surely benefit from the experiences he brings from the National Science Foundation, his perspective as a university president and his stature as a scientist.”
Battelle Board Chairman John Welch said, “The role of the Board of Directors is to bring perspectives from a wide variety of experiences to benefit Battelle’s long-term success. Dr. Suresh brings his broad set of technical skills, demonstrated leadership and experience from working in government, academia and with industry leaders from all over the world. We are honored to have him as our newest member.”
Suresh received his Bachelor of Technology degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, a master’s degree from Iowa State University and a Doctor of Science degree from MIT.
Suresh has been elected a fellow or honorary member of all the major materials research societies in the United States and India and he is a member of numerous international academies of science and engineering, including the Spanish Royal Academy of Engineering; Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences; German National Academy of Sciences; Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences; Academy of Sciences for the Developing World in Trieste, Italy; Indian National Academy of Engineering; Indian Academy of Sciences (Bangalore); and the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
About Battelle
Every day, the people of Battelle apply science and technology to solving what matters most. At major technology centers and national laboratories around the world, Battelle conducts research and development, designs and manufactures products, and delivers critical services for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Columbus, Ohio since its founding in 1929, Battelle serves the national security, health and life sciences, and energy and environmental industries. For more information, visit www.battelle.org.  
Media Contacts

For more information contact Katy Delaney at (614) 424-7208 or delaneyk@battelle.org or T.R. Massey at (614) 424-5544 or masseytr@battelle.org. 


Newsroom



Media ContactsKaty DelaneyDirector, Media RelationsOffice: 1.614.424.7208Email: delaneyk@battelle.org T.R. MasseySenior Media SpecialistOffice: 1.614.424.5544 Email: masseytr@battelle.org 


        

 

 





Subra Suresh Sworn in as NSF Director | NSF - National Science Foundation
























































National Science Foundation - Where Discoveries Begin








search











Skip to main content




NSB
NSB
✕


Research Areas



Biological Sciences (BIO)
Computer and Information Science and Engineering (CISE)
Education and Human Resources (EHR)
Engineering (ENG)
Environmental Research and Education (ERE)
Geosciences (GEO)
Integrative Activities (OIA)
International Science and Engineering (OISE)
Mathematical and Physical Sciences (MPS)
Social, Behavioral and Economic Sciences (SBE)




Related Links
Interdisciplinary Research
NSF Organization List
Staff Directory
Understanding NSF Research





Funding



About Funding
Browse Funding Opportunities A-Z
Due Dates
Find Funding
Merit Review
Policies and Procedures
Preparing Proposals
Recent Opportunities
Transformative Research




Related Links
Proposal and Award Policies and Procedures Guide (PAPPG)
Research.gov
FastLane
Funding Opportunities For
Graduate Students
K-12 Educators
Postdoctoral Fellows
Undergraduate Students
Small Business






Awards



About Awards
Award Statistics (Budget Internet Info System)
Award Conditions
Managing Awards
Policies and Procedures
Presidential and Honorary Awards
Search Awards




Related Links
Research.gov
FastLane
NSF Public Access Repository (NSF-PAR)





Document Library



All Documents
National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics (NCSES)
Obtaining Documents
Search Documents





News



All News
For News Media
Multimedia Gallery
NSF Director's Newsletter
Search News
Special Reports
Speeches and Lectures




Related Links
About NSF Logo
Events





About NSF



About NSF
Broadening Participation/Diversity
Budget and Performance
Career Opportunities
Contracting Opportunities
History
National Science Board (NSB)
NSF and Congress




NSF Toolkit
Office of Diversity and Inclusion
Organization List
Partners
Staff Directory
Transparency and Accountability
Visit NSF















News
All News
For News Media
Multimedia Gallery
NSF Director's Newsletter
Search News
Special Reports
Speeches and Lectures







Home
News





 Email
 Print

 Share
















News Release 10-173 Subra Suresh Sworn in as NSF Director







Subra Suresh
Credit and Larger Version


October 18, 2010
Subra Suresh was sworn in today as the 13th director of the National Science Foundation (NSF) by John Holdren, President Obama's science advisor. The ceremony took place in the Secretary of War Ceremonial Room of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building in Washington, D.C. Suresh was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on September 30, 2010, for a six-year term. Suresh, 54, served as dean of the engineering school and as Vannevar Bush Professor of Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. A mechanical engineer who later became interested in materials science and biology, Suresh has done pioneering work studying the biomechanics of blood cells under the influence of diseases such as malaria.From 2000 to 2006, Suresh served as the head of the MIT Department of Materials Science and Engineering. He joined MIT in 1993 as the R.P. Simmons Professor of Materials Science and Engineering and held joint faculty appointments in the Departments of Mechanical Engineering and Biological Engineering, as well as the Division of Health Sciences and Technology.Suresh holds a bachelor's degree from the Indian Institute of Technology in Madras, a master's degree from Iowa State University, and earned his ScD from MIT in 1981.Suresh was nominated by President Obama to become the new NSF director on June 8. He replaces Arden L. Bement, Jr., who led the agency from 2004 until he resigned in May of this year.NSF's budget for 2010 is $6.9 billion. The agency's budget request for 2011 is $7.4 billion, an 8-percent increase over 2010, which supports the President's goal of increasing the nation's total public and private investment in research and development to at least 3 percent of the gross domestic product.
 -NSF-



Media Contacts
                  
                    Dana Topousis, NSF, (703) 292-7750, dtopousi@nsf.gov









The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2017, its budget is $7.5 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 48,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.

 Get News Updates by Email 

Useful NSF Web Sites: 
NSF Home Page: https://www.nsf.gov
NSF News: https://www.nsf.gov/news/
For the News Media: https://www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp
Science and Engineering Statistics: https://www.nsf.gov/statistics/
Awards Searches: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/
 






                  
                  Subra Suresh is sworn in as NSF director in a ceremony in Washington, D.C.Credit and Larger Version


                  
                  President Obama congratulates students at the first White House Science Fair.Credit and Larger Version






























































CMU President Subra Suresh Steps Down After Record-Short Tenure | 90.5 WESA





















skip to main content







 
          Pittsburgh's NPR News Station        




Site Menu


  Donate



































      CMU President Subra Suresh Steps Down After Record-Short Tenure    

By Katie Blackley & Associated Press
•
Jun 2,  2017 



TweetShareGoogle+Email 









Dr. Subra Suresh, after being chosen to lead Carnegie Mellon University in 2013, announced Thursday he would step down at the end of the month.

Carnegie Mellon University






After four years at the helm of Carnegie Mellon University, president Subra Suresh will step down at the end of the month. The former National Science Foundation director announced his resignation Thursday in an open letter to the campus community.  “My wife Mary and I have reflected on the long-term commitment needed to implement the university’s strategic plan,” Suresh wrote, “and we feel Carnegie Mellon would be best served now by a president who is ready to make that extended commitment to generating resources and guiding the university toward these objectives.”          CMU president Subra Suresh with President Barack Obama in Pittsburgh on Thursday, Oct. 13, 2016. Obama was in town for the White House Frontier's Conference, which Suresh helped to bring to Pittsburgh. Credit Susan Walsh / AP    He listed a few of his favorite accomplishments, including the expansion of many campus buildings and financial aid programs. Jim Rohr, chairman of the board of trustees at CMU, said in a statement that Suresh left “an indelible mark on CMU.” He said an interim president would be appointed sometime in the summer. Suresh was a driving catalyst for CMU’s “Strategic Plan 2025,” which promotes the recruitment of “outstanding and diverse talent,” according to a CMU statement. Traffic 21 Institute deputy executive director Courtney Ehrlichman said Suresh’s commitment to inclusivity made him a great leader. “I’ve just been incredibly impressed by his values and his moral compass and how he steers the campus community,” Ehrlichman said. “Just reminding us that we’re aligned globally with diversity.” Ehrlichman referred to Suresh’s campus-wide emails following significant local and international events, calling them “comforting” and a reminder to be “resilient.” She also cited his accomplishments in expanding the campus footprint around the world, including hosting the White House Frontier’s Conference in 2016. Suresh did not say what he’d be doing after departing CMU. The school has never had a president serve such a short tenure.  Tags: Subra SureshCarnegie Mellon UniversityWhite House Frontiers Conferencehigher educationTraffic 21TrendingTweetShareGoogle+Email 

Related Content




CMU's Cohon to Head Energy Institute

By Mark Nootbaar
•
Feb 19,  2014 



A former president of Carnegie Mellon University is bringing his clout and his ability to raise money to a relatively new institute on campus designed to explore the intersection of energy use, production and policy. Starting July 1, CMU President Emeritus and University Professor Jared Cohon will add to his business card the title of Scott Energy Institute Director. 






Foreign Ambassadors Descend On Pittsburgh For State Department's Experience America Program

By Liz Reid
•
May 23,  2017 











          Liz Reid / 90.5 WESA        




More than 30 ambassadors to the U.S. from around the world were in Pittsburgh this week, touring research laboratories at the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. They also rubbed elbows with local luminaries at the Andy Warhol Museum, including Mayor Bill Peduto and Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald. 






CMU Researchers Find If You Can Paint It, You Can Make It A Touch Screen

By Mark Nootbaar
•
May 23,  2017 











          CMU via Youtube        




Touch screens have become part of our everyday lives, but the technology has its limits. They are always relatively flat and are fixed to another product, like a cell phone or a computer. But researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have figured out a way to make just about any object into a touch sensitive device. 


 
















 




















Subra Suresh | EMR INDUSTRY

 
 



 


































































 
 



Submit your Company


                

                 

                

                Page NavigationSubmit your Company





 

 
  













Login   |
Register



 


Search for:




 



















 
 


Home
About Us
Latest News

Press Releases
Funding
Corporate Movement
Mergers-Acquisitions


Articles
Events
Intelligence Center

White Papers
Research papers
Case Studies
EMR Experts
EHR Products
Featured Advisors


Videos
Vendor Directory

Submit your Company


Contact Us

Category NavigationHomeAbout UsLatest News     Press Releases     Funding     Corporate Movement     Mergers-AcquisitionsArticlesEventsIntelligence Center     White Papers     Research papers     Case Studies     EMR Experts     EHR Products     Featured AdvisorsVideosVendor Directory     Submit your CompanyContact Us











EMR INDUSTRY > Subra Suresh
 


 


            
                Posts Tagged ‘Subra Suresh’            
            

 
 



 

                               
                        Latest News 
                        
                    
 











 
UPMC, Pitt, CMU Forms Alliance to Analyze Patient Information
 

                            
                                March 15, 2015                                
                            


Carnegie Mellon University, economic development in Western Pennsylvania, EHR, emr, Subra Suresh, University of Pittsburgh, UPMC






                            
                                                                
                                    Carnegie Mellon University, the University of Pittsburgh and UPMC are forging a long-term alliance to better analyze patient information, which should help doctors to better detect disease outbreaks and other critical health tr...                                
                                                                
                            
More








 

Sign Up for EMR Updates 
Get our latest updates direct in your inbox. Just enter your mail address below ..









 

Latest NewsNextGate and MD EMR Systems Partner to Identify and Eliminate Duplicate Patient Records for Optimal Data MigrationMass Spectrometry Market Outlook 2017-2024 Available at a CAGR of 9.0%Radiology Information Systems (RIS) Market Analysis, Trends and Forecast to 2024Artilces3 Big Boosts in Healthcare Data CapabilitiesPatient Access to Health Records Not Smooth or Easy: ReportVA Announces Overhaul of Veterans Electronic Health Records SystemPress ReleasesChromatography Resin Market to Reach US$ 2,000 Mn by 2027Artificial Insemination Market, 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and RegionEurope Weight Management Market Services & Devices Analysis by 2024White PapersHow customer experience today is shaping the insurer of the futureOncology EHR Vendor Pricing ComparisonInternal Medicine ICD-10 GuideEvents Calendar


<<
Jul 2017
>>




MTWTFSS



										26									

27


										28									

										29									

										30									

										1									

										2									
 
										3									

										4									

										5									

										6									

										7									

										8									

										9									
 
										10									

										11									

										12									

										13									

										14									

										15									

										16									
 
										17									

18


										19									

										20									

										21									

										22									

										23									
 
										24									

										25									

										26									

										27									

										28									

										29									

										30									
 
										31									

										1									

										2									

										3									

										4									

										5									

										6									







 


 
About Us
Submit your Company
Featured Vendors
Privacy Policy
Legal
Contact Us






UpComing Events 

Philadelphia Health IT Summit
International Forum on Quality & Safety in Healthcare
St. Petersburg Health IT Summit
Raleigh Health IT Summit




About 
About us 
Privacy Policy 
Sitemap
Contact Us





Featured Vendors 
Alego Health
CPSI
 Medsphere





Join Our NewsletterSignup today for free and be the first to get notified on News updates.
We hate spammers too. Don’t worry your information is safe with us.










 


            

                    Copyright © 2017 EMR INDUSTRY, All Rights Reserved.
                    

                


Powered By Yagna Technologies Pvt Ltd




 


 
















 



 

















Subra Suresh | MIT Department of Materials Science and Engineering







































Skip to main content






MIT Department of Materials Science and Engineering











Login







Contact









Search form

Search 





 












Massachusetts Institute of Technology

MIT Website






DMSE HomepageDepartment of Materials Science and Engineering







Faculty
 










 







            Subra Suresh          










SubraSureshVannevar Bush Professor Emeritus of EngineeringBachelor of Technology, Indian Institute of Technology, 1977MS, Iowa State University, 1979ScD, MIT, 1981ssuresh@mit.eduNanomechanics LaboratoryResearch: Prof. Suresh's research is in the following areas:
Nanomechanics of biological cells and molecules, and human disease states
Structure-Mechanical Property-Disease connections in the context of P. falciparum malaria, hereditary blood cell disorders and cancer
Computational simulations of cellular and molecular deformation and shape thermodynamics
High force optical tweezers studies of biological cells and human disease states
Nanostructured materials
Nanoindentation and microindentation
 
 








Related NewsPublications





  
 
How the spleen filters blood
Tuesday, June 28, 2016 - 10:30am
Subra Suresh and Ming Dao have discovered that the shape and size of blood cells is determined by a tiny opening in the spleen called the interendothelial slit, where the cells undergo a sort of "physical fitness test" before they're able to continue circulating. 
" '...
  

  
 
Metal defects can be eliminated by cyclic loading
Friday, October 23, 2015 - 1:45pm

"It’s a well-known characteristic of metals that repeated bending in the same place...
  

  
 
Using sound waves to detect rare cancer cells
Wednesday, April 8, 2015 - 4:15pm
Cancer cells often break free from their original locations and circulate through the bloodstream, allowing them to form new tumors elsewhere in the body. Detecting these cells could give doctors a new way to predict whether patients’ tumors will metastasize, or monitor how they are responding...
  

  
 
Professor Suresh named Franklin Institute Laureate
Monday, October 22, 2012 - 8:00pm
Professor Suresh, who is currently serving as director of the National Science Foundation, will receive the Benjamin Franklin Medal in Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science for his contributions to understanding the mechanisms of materials. See the...
  

  
 
New understanding of malaria protein
Thursday, August 30, 2012 - 8:00pm
Protein impedes microcirculation of malaria-infected red blood cells; MIT-led research team finds that protein significantly reduces infected cells’ ability to squeeze through tiny channels compared to healthy cells. See the...
  

  
 
Professor Suresh elected to NAS
Monday, April 30, 2012 - 8:00pm
Congratulations to Professor Subra Suresh who has been elected to the National Academy of Sciences!  Prof. Suresh is currently head of the National Science Foundation.
  

  
 
Prof. Suresh interviewed by Washington Post
Wednesday, February 8, 2012 - 7:00pm
Prof. Suresh talks about his educational and professional background and what he is now doing at the National Science Foundation. See the Washington Post...
  

  
 
Professor Suresh receives 2011 Nadai Medal from ASME
Sunday, July 24, 2011 - 8:00pm
Congratulations to Prof. Subra Suresh on receiving the 2011 Nadai Medal from the American Society of Mechanical Engineers! Prof. Suresh, the current head of the National Science Foundation, is honored for his pioneering contributions to the field of fracture and fatigue of engineering materials...
  

  
 
Prof. Suresh tapped as NSF head
Wednesday, June 2, 2010 - 8:00pm
On Thursday, June 3, President Obama announced his intent to nominate Prof. Subra Suresh as Director of the National Science Foundation.  Prof. Suresh joined the DMSE faculty in 1993 and served as the Department Head prior to his appointment as Dean of Engineering.  Learn more about the...
  

  
 
DMSE faculty receive awards, honors
Wednesday, March 24, 2010 - 8:00pm
Prof. Yet-Ming Chiang was named a Fellow of the Materials Research Society. MRS Fellows are recognized for their sustained and distinguished contributions to the advancement of materials research.
Professors...
  

  
 
Prof. Suresh to receive honorary doctorate
Thursday, January 28, 2010 - 7:00pm
Recognized for his role as a pioneering researcher in cellular and molecular nanomechanics, Prof. Subra Suresh, Dean of the School of Engineering, will receive an honorary doctorate from the...
  

  
 
Advanced spectroscopy techniques used in blood disorder research
Monday, December 21, 2009 - 7:00pm
Prof. Subra Suresh and other MIT researchers are studying the healthy vibrations of blood cells using advanced spectroscopy techniques. Their work is published in Proceedings of the National Academy...
  

 







No publications were found for this faculty member.

 


 







 Course III faculty were involved with the Manhattan Project.  

 





















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































Subra Suresh - The Fitness Products
































































 




















 














home   Running GPS Units  Subra Suresh 

Subra Suresh 
 By Charles4   Posted in Running GPS Units  Posted on January 13, 2017January 13, 2017 







Related posts:
Treadmill Buying Guide Video – 7 Key Features You Need To Look At When Buying A Treadmill 
Garmin 910XT – 2012 Traithlon GPS Watch Of The Year 
Garmin HUD+ for In Car Navigation (Maplin N69DF) 
Brooks Pure Cadence 2 Running Shoes 7.5 







Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 
Current [email protected] *




Leave this field empty








Available on Amazon 


Search This Site…

Search for:




Popular Posts


Treadmill Buying Guide Video – 7 Key Features You Need To Look At When Buying A Treadmill

Garmin 910XT – 2012 Traithlon GPS Watch Of The Year

Garmin HUD+ for In Car Navigation (Maplin N69DF)

Brooks Pure Cadence 2 Running Shoes 7.5


You May Also Like… 





What to Expect: Fitbit Blaze

Nov 23, 2016







Lucius “Turn It Around” (Live) | StopWatch | VH1

Dec 22, 2016







ZENWATCH 3 – AS PRIMEIRAS IMPRESSÕES DO SMARTWATCH TOP DE LINHA DA ASUS!

Dec 07, 2016







NordicTrack E8 7 Elliptical Review

Dec 09, 2016







Polar FT80 Heart Rate Monitor

Jan 02, 2017

 
Amazon Associate Notice: The owner of this website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, amazon.com, endless.com, myhabit.com, smallparts.com, or amazonwireless.com.






    By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies    
        I understand    


















