










 


 




        Product | SunButter LLC - SunButter LLC    
















































































Search for:












 



Love Sunflower Seeds? You’ll Love SunButter.
 
 
 
 









SunButter On the Go Creamy Single Cups
Six convenient 1.5 oz. cups of Creamy SunButter with 9 grams of protein per serving!
 
 







SunButter Natural
Our most popular variety – with 7 grams of protein per serving!
 
 







SunButter Creamy
Creamy, delicious and easy to spread – perfect for snacking.
 
 







SunButter Natural Crunch
Delicious roasted sunflower seed flavor with a crunch you’ll love.
 
 
 
 









SunButter No Sugar Added
Simply roasted sunflower seeds and a hint of salt for flavor.
 
 







SunButter Organic
SunButter Organic is made without added sugar, salt or hydrogenated oil.
 
 







SunButter Creamy 5lb Tub
Great for families – available at select online stores.
 
 







“Made With SunButter” Stickers
200 or 74 count. A great way to show that your foods are made with SunButter.
 
 
 
 




Products Available in Canada
 
 
 
 









SunButter Original
Our most popular variety – with 7 grams of protein per serving!
 
 







SunButter No Sugar Added
/ Sans Sucre Ajote
Simply roasted sunflower seeds and a hint of salt for flavor.
 
 







SunButter Crunch / Croquant
A natural crunchy sunflower butter.
 
 







SunButter Organic / Biologique
Made without hydrogenated oil or added sugars and salts.
 
 
 
 



Don’t Have SunButter in Your Favorite Store?
Download our request form to give to your local grocer. [PDF]
 
 
 
 






SUNBUTTER®
PO Box 3022
Fargo, ND 58108












CONNECT WITH US














©2017 SunButter
Site Map
Privacy Policy




FOODSERVICE
RETAIL SALES
INDUSTRIAL
















 



SureFunding, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











SureFunding, LLC
List of persons related to the company SureFunding, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of SureFunding, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001690444Company address: ATTN JASON ABERNATHY 6671 LAS VEGAS BLVD S LAS VEGAS 89119Phone number: 702-978-6089



People related to SureFunding, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAbernathy  Jasonc/o SureFunding, LLC 6671 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Suite 210Las VegasNVAbernathy  Justinc/o SureFunding, LLC 6671 Las Vegas Blvd. South, Suite 210Las VegasNV




SureFunding, LLC on the Web












 






   Contact Us | Sure Funding Solutions       (800) 991-3917  Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS   Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS      Select Page   HeadquartersGet In Touch Name  Email Address  Message  15 + 14 =  Submit More InfoWe’re located in the heart of New York City, steps from Penn Station and Times Square.  Feel free to call us, or fill out the contact form on this page to send us an email.Address: 237 West 35th Street, Suite 706 New York, New York 10001Phone: 800.991.3917 Fax: 646.719.0947Business Hours: 9:00a–6:00p, Eastern Time   


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









   About Us | Sure Funding Solutions       (800) 991-3917  Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS   Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS      Select Page   Business Funding ExpertsHelping people nationwide with their business funding needs.wCommunicationOpen lines of communication are the key to every strong business relationship. This simple principal has shaped much of our entire workflow.pEducationWe believe that education and understanding are the greatest tools for any business owner, so we make sure to provide a comprehensive understanding of every one of our products and services.PassionOur goal is to help business owners to get business funding, and we love what we do. That becomes clear to everyone that gives us a chance to earn their business, and it shows in the results.~SecurityAny time you are asked to share personal or financial information, you’re also asked for some degree of trust. Every effort is made to protect your information throughout every step of the process.Founding PrincipalsSure Funding Solutions is a business funding company that was founded on the principles of honesty, integrity, and the belief that a strong relationship and open lines of communication are the foundation of the most mutually beneficial business collaboration. Our standards for customer satisfaction are high, and we pride ourselves on creating strong relationships built on trust and dedication.Help Us Help YouIn keeping with our principles, we place great value on customer feedback. If there’s something you’d like to see us do differently or if you have a suggestion for us, email or call us. We are always looking for ways to improve and better accommodate our clients.Get Started NowNo costNo commitmentsNo hasslesNo excuses Apply Now     Sure Resources | Sure Funding Solutions       (800) 991-3917  Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS   Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS      Select Page   Sure ResourcesSure Resources is a place for us to share business related news and commentary that we find interesting or relevant to our industry. Thanks for visiting; if you like what we’re doing, let us know in the comments!Sure Payment Solutions Rebrandedby surefunder | Nov 6, 2015 | Business, GeneralSure Payment Solutions has rebranded as Sure Funding Solutions. Along with that comes a new domain and a new website aimed at simplifying the process of getting a business loan, and making the experience enjoyable across all of your devices. What does this mean for...Business Cash Advances Without Credit Cardsby surefunder | Nov 7, 2015 | Business, Business Cash Advance, Business FundingThe merchant cash advance industry has come a long way in the past 20 years. Business cash advances already had a lot of selling points: they're unsecured, easy to qualify for, and can be acquired very quickly and with little paperwork. Unlike traditional business...Know the Best Business Funding Sourcesby surefunder | Jul 20, 2012 | Business Funding, Business Lines of Credit, Merchant Cash Advance, Small Business LoansWhether you are in the market for business funding or not, there are always a lot of business funding sources and brokers out there trying to give you money. So how can you tell the best business funding sources from the rest? Unfortunately, the best way to learn...Industry Specific Business Fundingby surefunder | Jul 18, 2012 | Business Funding, Merchant Cash Advance, Small Business LoansBelieve it or not, your ability to get business funding is based on more than just your credit history and the strength of your business. In the world of small business lending, your industry type plays a big role in your ability to get business funding. It doesn't...SBA Small Business Loansby surefunder | Jul 17, 2012 | Small Business LoansSBA Small Business Loan The Small Business Administration a government office that is supposed to be the "voice" of small business. The office is supposed to represent the interests of small businesses within the federal government. It is responsible for reporting...Certified Development Companiesby surefunder | Jul 16, 2012 | Small Business LoansCertified Development Companies, or CDCs, are not-for-profit companies established to encourage economic growth in its local area. There are some hundreds of Certified Development Companies in the United States. Certified Development Companies, among other things,...Big Changes to Small Business Lendingby surefunder | Jul 15, 2012 | Small Business LoansSmall business lending has changed quite a bit in the past decade. Small business lending, like consumer loans, used to be really easy to get your hands on. So much of it was tied to real estate, which kept appreciating in value, which in turn allowed borrowers to...Premium Merchant Cash Advance Programsby surefunder | Jul 14, 2012 | Business, GeneralIn the past couple of years, the merchant cash advance industry has seen a lot of changes. Years and years ago, the merchant cash advance industry was fast growing, with new merchant cash advance providers popping up every day and fighting for market share among your...Is a Business Line of Credit Right for Youby surefunder | Jul 13, 2012 | Business Lines of Credit, Small Business LoansWhen people think of business funding, the first type that usually comes to mind is the traditional small business loan. While traditional small business loans are certainly formidable opponents to competing types of business funding, there are others such as a...Before you Apply for a Business Loanby surefunder | Jul 11, 2012 | Business Funding, Business Lines of Credit, Small Business LoansUnfortunately, all too often, business owners go on living their lives and running their businesses without enough thought or consideration for the near future. That's not the worst thing in the world when things are going just great, although it can still cause...References for Small Business Loansby surefunder | Jul 6, 2012 | Business Funding, Merchant Cash Advance, Small Business LoansTypical Small Business Loan Application Process Depending on the amount of money that you're requesting and exactly what type of business funding you are applying for, the application process is often very similar regardless of what bank you are working with. You'll...Small Business Lending in May 2012by surefunder | Jul 5, 2012 | Small Business LoansEarlier this week, the results of a report were published regarding the overall volume of small business lending in the United States for the month of May. The report, which published the Thomson Reuters/PayNet Small Business Lending Index, showed that small business...Investors Seek Profitable Enterprise in Small Business Loansby surefunder | Jun 29, 2012 | Merchant Cash Advance, Small Business LoansThe State of Small Business Lending With concern regarding the state of the market once the bush tax cuts expire, and interest rates holding low, big time investors are seeking new avenues to grow their funds. With the unsecured and independent small business loans...About Bad Credit Small Business Loansby surefunder | Jun 28, 2012 | Business Funding, Merchant Cash Advance, Small Business LoansBad Credit Small Business Loans There was a time when bad credit small business loans were not hard to find. This was back in the days before our most recent recession, when banks couldn't resist the temptations of sub-prime lending. The returns were great, and with...Cutting Costs in Small Businessby surefunder | Jun 27, 2012 | BusinessCutting Costs in Small Business Sometimes as business owners, we need to go into "survival mode". This is especially true in the past few years. The economy has been such a nightmare and has caused a lot of stress among small business owners. As a result, many times...Small Businesses and Tabletsby surefunder | Jun 25, 2012 | Credit Card ProcessingThere was a study done to evaluate whether or not small businesses are utilizing the benefits that are to be had when it comes to using tablets in work. The study concluded that small businesses are losing out in terms of productivity and cost savings. Less than half...Inventory and Cashflowby surefunder | Jun 25, 2012 | Small Business LoansInventory and cashflow have an important relationship with each other. Inventory and cashflow are codependent upon each other. Inventory both consumes cashflow and is directly responsible for generating cashflow. But like anything else, too much or too little of one...Ways to Use a Business Loanby surefunder | Jun 22, 2012 | Small Business LoansOf course, people look for ways to use a business loan in a variety of different reasons. Some people use the funding to catch up on bills or pay vendors. Great business owners have more productive ideas in mind when they apply for business funding. Even if you have a...« Older Entries Search for:  Recent Posts Business Cash Advances Without Credit Cards Sure Payment Solutions Rebranded Know the Best Business Funding Sources Industry Specific Business Funding SBA Small Business LoansCategoriesBusinessBusiness Cash AdvanceBusiness Credit CardsBusiness FundingBusiness Lines of CreditCredit Card ProcessingGeneralGift and LoyaltyInvoice FactoringMerchant Cash AdvanceSmall Business Loans     About Us | Sure Funding Solutions       (800) 991-3917  Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS   Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS      Select Page   Business Funding ExpertsHelping people nationwide with their business funding needs.wCommunicationOpen lines of communication are the key to every strong business relationship. This simple principal has shaped much of our entire workflow.pEducationWe believe that education and understanding are the greatest tools for any business owner, so we make sure to provide a comprehensive understanding of every one of our products and services.PassionOur goal is to help business owners to get business funding, and we love what we do. That becomes clear to everyone that gives us a chance to earn their business, and it shows in the results.~SecurityAny time you are asked to share personal or financial information, you’re also asked for some degree of trust. Every effort is made to protect your information throughout every step of the process.Founding PrincipalsSure Funding Solutions is a business funding company that was founded on the principles of honesty, integrity, and the belief that a strong relationship and open lines of communication are the foundation of the most mutually beneficial business collaboration. Our standards for customer satisfaction are high, and we pride ourselves on creating strong relationships built on trust and dedication.Help Us Help YouIn keeping with our principles, we place great value on customer feedback. If there’s something you’d like to see us do differently or if you have a suggestion for us, email or call us. We are always looking for ways to improve and better accommodate our clients.Get Started NowNo costNo commitmentsNo hasslesNo excuses Apply Now     Unsecured Business Funding | Sure Funding Solutions          (800) 991-3917  Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS   Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS      Select Page   A Better Way to Get Business FundingA variety of financial options, tailor made for your business. Fast, affordable and easy on your cashflow. Get StartedYour Business is Our BusinessYou’ll have a dedicated representative in your corner to take you every step of the way. Leverage our years of experience and industry knowledge. Get Started}Fast TurnaroundApprovals in as little as 1 hour. Same day funding available.High ApprovalsQualify for up to 25% of your annual revenue in one lump sum.Low RatesRefined by years of actual data and hundreds of data points, our pricing model is risk-based, not credit based, which means lower costs for you.Extended TermsWith programs that go out up to 36 months, you can qualify for more money without compromising your cashflow.Types of Business FundingA quick comparison of the benefits and starting rates for our most popular types of business funding.Small Business Loan < 1%/monthNo down payment or upfront feesNo collateralNo personal guaranteeWeekly payment options availableVariable payments based on cashflowOptional prepayment discountBuild business creditMerchant Cash Advance 1.8%/monthNo down payment or upfront feesNo collateralNo personal guaranteeWeekly payment options availableVariable payments based on cashflowOptional prepayment discountBuild business creditHow It WorksApply Submit an application. You can do it online or you can download a copy in PDF format and get it back to us by fax or email.Review Your Offers Give us at least one hour to review your application and we’ll present you with several different options.Submit Closing Documents Submit signed contracts and any supporting documents that were requested and you could have your funds deposited in as little as just a few hours.What Our Customers Think You are truly a testament to your profession and have given me a new outlook on your type of lending institutions.  I will keep you at the top of my business contacts for future reference and to pass the word along.MelinaAJ's Automotive I have been doing business with Sure Funding for a year or more and every time has been the same. Sebastian was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in everything. He took a stressful situation and made it pleasant. I would recommend them to anyone who needs funding.SariPets N More%Customer RenewalsOver 60% of our eligible customers go on to secure additional funding from us. We can often provide even lower rates once you’re a customer, even if nothing has changed substantially in your business.%Customer ReferralsWord of mouth advertising is a big part of our business, and we get a lot of it. It speaks volumes to how much our customers value our services.%Satisfaction GuaranteedWe are second-to-none when it comes to customer satisfaction. We know that your business is your livelihood, and at Sure Funding, your business is our business.Frequently Asked QuestionsHere are some of the more common questions that we get on a daily basis. If we still didn’t answer your question, feel free to ask us via our contact form. Or of course you can call in to speak to a representative, who can answer any and all of your questions.What kinds of businesses do you work with?We work with all different kinds of businesses. As long as you’re open and generating revenue on a weekly basis, you’re well on your way to qualifying for a business loan.What is your interest rate?The cost of our business loans is driven by a risk score that we calculate based on several data points collected during underwriting.How quickly can I get funded?You can go from application to funding in the same day. A more typical turnaround time is between 3 and 5 days.Do you have a referral program?Whether you’re a customer who knows someone who could benefit from our services or a dedicated reseller looking for another way to add value for your customers, we have a referral program for you. To learn more, fill out a contact form and a business development representative will reach out to you shortly.Get Started NowNo costNo commitmentsNo hasslesNo excuses Apply Now  







Products | Quality Control Products



















 







(504) 392-9464
info@qcp-llc.com
 

 
 
 















Select Page


  
 



 



 






Products

                                             
                                                         
 
 
                               
 
 
                                                       
 
 
                  
 
 
                                                    
 
                                                          
 
                                                                       
 
                                             
                                      
 

Accumulators
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Lowest Mortgage Rates & Zero Lender Fees, Saving You Thousands































Loading...

Do not navigate away from this page until upload is completed.











 RP Funding Reviews
 Contact Us
 About Us
 Career Opportunities
 Need to Close in 10 Days or Less?
 After Purchase Mortgage
 Send Feedback
 Loan Servicing







Call 1 (866) 765‐0765










Home
Rates / Fees
Apply Now
Video Testimonials
Realtors
Home Value
Home Search
Consumer Portal














Rates, Fees & Our $1,000 Guarantee
We don't charge any lender fees, because you shouldn't have to pay to get a mortgage.
The only fee you would ever pay to RP Funding is rate discount costs, and only if You decide you want to buydown to an even lower interest rate.   Many clients will use the money they would have spent on Fees with other lenders and use it to buydown to an even lower interest rate.  Your credit manager can discuss all of these options with you and help you make the best decision.

How do we offer the Best Mortgage Rates in Florida?
We get asked this question often; it really comes down to business philosophy.  Most mortgage loan officers and brokers only close 1 - 2 loans per month, so to make a living they need to make thousands of dollars in commissions on each loan they close.  These commissions are earned through a combination of charging upfront fees and higher interest rates to earn "kick backs".  Not at RP Funding! Our loan officers are paid a base + bonus and they close 15 - 20 loans each month.  So instead of paying thousands of dollars in commissions on each loan, we only pay hundreds of dollars in salaries - and we pass this savings onto you in the form of the best mortgage rates possible and no lender fees.
Now you may be worried that you won't get as good of service from a loan officer who closes 10 - 15 times the industry average, but this isn't true (read more about why RP funding service is fast and great here).  We have found that 15 - 20 closings per month per credit manager is the optimal number to keep our costs and rates the lowest without sacrificing customer service.
 Our efficiency helps us offer the lowest rates. While other companies waste time and money shipping files all over the country, we do everything locally. You can read more about the differences this makes here.
Shopping for a mortgage can be hard work and confusing because of the numerous combinations of mortgage rates and fees and loan programs.  We set our mortgage rates low to make your decision easy. When you can get  Florida's best mortgage rates and fees from a local, Direct Mortgage Lender, why would you go anywhere else?



Click here & Get Started Today!



$1,000 Guarantee
While we are confident that our published rates and no lender fees are the most competitive in the industry, we do find rare instances where a competitor offers a better deal.  Our promise to you at RP Funding is that we will never let rates or fees stand in the way of you being able to work with your local Direct Mortgage Lender and take advantage of all the other benefits we offer.  If you receive a legitimate offer from a competitor that is lower, our promise to you is that we will match it, and if we can't we will give you $1,000.
Unfortunately we have found in most cases, when a competitor does offer a lower rate, it is part of a bait and switch.  Some unscrupulous companies will quote you anything over the phone and then when it comes time to give you the real figures (usually AFTER you have spent your hard earned money on an appraisal) the deal suddenly changes.  With RP Funding you can get the Best Deal on a Florida Mortgage and avoid any "bait and switch" or games.
In most cases the client came back to us when the "Bait and Switch" Occurred, or in some cases they were too far into the process and were stuck with a higher rate and fees because the "Bait and Switch" happened so far in the process they could not back out.
So beware when dealing with some unknown voice on the phone. If they do make a better offer than RP Funding, send us a copy and we will do our best to beat it.  If we can't beat it, we'll give you $1,000 when you actually close on their mortgage as disclosed - but from our experience, when we can't match it, it's just too good to be true.
Come down to our office, you can see that we are real people and a legitimate operation. Unfortunately the mortgage crises happened for a reason, and some of the people involved are still in our industry.  There are mortgage companies out there taking advantage of borrowers; working from home and ready to shut down and reopen under a new name when things start to catch up with them.  Our $1,000 Guarantee allows you to work with a local, reputable company that cares about this community, without missing out on the best possible deal.
As your Local Direct Mortgage Lender, our reputation in this community is important. While other "Discount" lenders may hit you with hidden fees and other last minute surprises... Not at RP Funding.

Rules and Restrictions for the $1,000 Guarantee

				HARP (Home Affordable Refinance Program), Freddie Mac RELIEF, and HomePath loans are not eligible for the $1,000 Guarantee.
			

No Adjustable Rate Mortgages. There are too many different variations of Indexes, Margins, Adjustment Periods and Rate Caps, we just could never offer them all.  So our $1,000 Guarantee only applies to Fixed Rate Mortgages.  Adjustable rate mortgages make up less than 5% of total Mortgage Volume, so our Guarantee applies to most mortgages.
			
* &dollar;1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee requires minimum &dollar;100,000 loan amount, but does not include Jumbo Loans, which are loans for &dollar;424,100 or larger, and applies to Fixed Rate Loans Only. Does not apply if borrower is declined by RP Funding for not meeting credit or income program guidelines. Borrower must provide Loan Estimate Disclosure to RP Funding from competing lender on the same day the competitor's terms were offered. Loan program offered by competitor must be a program RP Funding offers. Does not apply to prior locks or terms. RP Funding must have an opportunity to beat the terms. In the event that RP Funding is unable to beat the terms of the competing lender, borrower must provide the final executed Closing disclosure, the first page of mortgage note after closing and funding, and the lock-in agreement dated the same day terms were presented to RP Funding, all of which will be used to verify competing lender's terms have not changed at closing. The $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable if the loan closes on terms different than those detailed in the Loan Estimate Disclosure provided to RP Funding. Change in terms  include, but are not limited to, changes in loan amount, loan program, fees, discounts, lender credits, rate, APR, buydowns, years of term, origination, down payment, seller or any interested party credits, and within the time of the competitors initial lock in, or any other material loan changes not specifically mentioned here.




Zero Lender fees Easy on time process Guaranteed Best Deal





Need to lower your rate or access equity from your home?Our NO Closing Cost refinance may be just the answer for you.
					

Need to Close in 10 Days?Our closing acceleration program is here to make sure you meet your contract date.
					

Complete Your Online Inquiry TodayIt's Safe, Secure and Convenient.
					

Online Loan Inquiry 











 
 


Video Testimonials from Closing! >>



Choosing the Right Real Estate Agent >>



Close in 10 days or less with C.A.P.! >>



 




Tune In and Get Free Advice from Robert Palmer >>




 


Find Out What Our Clients Really Think!
Many of our happy clients have given us iPhone video testimonials. Check out their videos to see what they have to say about their RP Funding experience.
Watch Videos Now!


 











 RP Funding Reviews
 Contact Us
 About Us
 Career Opportunities
 Need to Close in 10 Days or Less?
 After Purchase Mortgage
 Send Feedback
 Loan Servicing


Privacy Policy
Opt Out Of Mailing Info/Ads List
Notice About Opening an Account
Listing Power Tools


© 2017 RPFunding.com
Licensed by the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance
Florida Licensed Mortgage Lender
Tennessee Licensed Mortgage Lender &num;108621
Licensed by the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending NMLS 70168
FHA Lender ID 2631500002

* $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee requires a minimum loan amount of $100,000 and applies to Fixed Rate Loans only. This Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable to Jumbo Loans, which are loans for $424,100 and greater, and does not apply if borrower is declined by R P Funding for not meeting credit or income program guidelines. Borrower must provide Loan Estimate Disclosure to R P Funding from competing lender on the same day the competitor's terms are offered. Loan program offered by competitor must be a program R P Funding currently offers. This offer does not apply to prior locks or terms, and R P Funding must have an opportunity to beat the terms. In the event that R P Funding is unable to beat the terms of the competing lender, borrower must provide the final executed Closing disclosure, the first page of mortgage note after closing and funding, and the lock-in agreement dated the same day terms are presented to R P Funding, all of which will be used to verify competing lender's terms have not changed at closing. The $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable if the loan closes on terms different than those detailed in the Loan Estimate Disclosure provided to R P Funding. Change in terms include, but are not limited to, changes in loan amount, loan program, fees, discounts, lender credits, rate, APR, buy-downs, years of term, origination, down payment, seller or any interested party credits, and within the time of the competitor's initial lock in, or any other material loan changes not specifically mentioned here. 









RP Funding is part of the Robert Palmer Family of Companies




















See What Our Clients have to Say About The RP Funding Loan Process

































Loading...

Do not navigate away from this page until upload is completed.











 RP Funding Reviews
 Contact Us
 About Us
 Career Opportunities
 Need to Close in 10 Days or Less?
 After Purchase Mortgage
 Send Feedback
 Loan Servicing







Call 1 (866) 765‐0765










Home
Rates / Fees
Apply Now
Video Testimonials
Realtors
Home Value
Home Search
Consumer Portal















RP Funding Reviews






				"RP Funding is tech-savvy... Fast response time."
				Christoper Angell
				Deland, FL





				"We love working with RP Funding."
				Michael Osip
				Saint Cloud, FL


				"Process was very smooth... RP Funding helped me every step of the way."
				Garrett Pless
				Maitland, FL


				"It was a great experience, everybody was very helpful."
				Barbara Cinq-Mars
				Port Orange, FL


				"Everybody worked with me and was very patient."
				Lindsey Sartoretti
				New Smyrna Beach, FL


				"My experience with RP Funding was truly a pleasure... Very professional from start to finish."
				Rachele Lord
				Saint Cloud, FL


				"RP Funding was just wonderful to work with."
				Sophia Lopez
				Longwood, FL


				"Worked well with us under our stress and were very kind and understanding."
				Tawny Mackey
				Longwood, FL


				"RP Funding made my first home buying experience the best one possible."
				Layla West
				Orlando, FL


				"Everybody was very professional and extremely responsive."
				Natasa Dugandzic
				Orlando, FL


				"We never could have closed without the wonderful people at RP Funding."
				Jamie-Lyn Markos
				Orlando, FL


				"RP Funding got me through the difficult time of buying and finding a house."
				Stephen Flores
				Orlando, FL


				"My experience with RP Funding was phenomenal."
				Candice Barrera
				Apopka, FL


				"RP Funding saved the day and we got the loan."
				Diana Cervantes
				Orlando, FL


				"I'm very thankful for the expert help and assistance."
				Vivian DeSimone
				Brevard, FL


				"Very thorough and detailed."
				Matthew Perkins
				Orlando, FL


				"Thanks to RP Funding we closed."
				Santiago Ramirez
				Orlando, FL


				"RP Funding has been outstanding!"
				Ryan Cappuzzello
				Orlando, FL


				"RP Funding is a great company I would highly recommend them!"
				Valerie Rodriguez
				Mims, FL


				"I was excited about the whole process. Everything was very clear and precise."
				Robert Wilinski
				Winter Garden, FL


				"RP Funding answered all of our questions."
				Jason and Alexa Depoyster
				Groveland, FL


				"It was a wonderful smooth closing."
				Marisol Rosas
				Deltona, FL


				"Going through RP Funding was a very eye-opening, enjoyable experience."
				Robert Roman
				Kissimmee, FL


				"I couldn't have asked for anybody better."
				Nathaniel Mueller
				Orlando, FL


				"We got the best rate, they beat every other rate we had gotten."
				Otniel and Vanessa Cruz
				Apopka, FL


				"We are extremely grateful for the fast, easy process."
				Thomas and Brittany Svitak
				Melbourne, FL


				"RP Funding is very loyal, trustworthy and efficient."
				Ernesto Luna
				Orlando, FL


				"Absolutely wonderful experience."
				Michael and Mathurine Verdul
				Kissimmee, FL


				"We had a great experience."
				Veronica Zapata
				Orlando, FL


				"With out RP Funding we wouldn't have been able to close in a timely manner."
				Eric Braun
				Oviedo, FL


				"I would recommend this company to anybody and everybody!"
				Linda Allegood
				Saint Cloud, FL


				"Very quick to get back with us with any questions and concerns."
				Joe and Katie Engel
					Orlando, FL
				


				"Couldn't have been more helpful!"
				Cheryl Stevens
					Orlando, FL
				


				"The entire transaction was flawless."
				Abra and Richard Murrell
				St Augustine, FL


				"Wonderful lender!"
				Janet Steele
				Palm Coast, FL


				"I couldn't have choose a better company!"
				Ronald Street
				Cocoa, FL


				"From the moment we contacted RP funding to the closing, they've been there for us."
				Edward Ferrara
				Orlando, FL


				"Fast, friendly, and effective service."
				Edgar Frank
				Orlando, FL


				"We were able to close in 2 weeks!"
				Richard and Aurora Arroyo
				Sanford, FL


				"There were no suprises when it came to closing."
				Theresa Bois
				Longwood, FL


				"I was pleasantly surprised!"
				Daniel Fodor
				Clermont, FL


				"It really turned out exceptionally well."
				Michael & Karen Mankowski
				Ormond Beach, FL


				"RP Funding is very knowledgeable, courteous and provides wonderful service."
				Waleska Tirado
				Kissimmee, FL


				"We highly recommend RP Funding to any one who's looking to get a mortgage!"
				LaDona and Donald Miller
				Cocoa Beach, FL


				"We really appreciate all the hard work."
				Andrea & Devin Starkey
				New Smyrna Beach, FL


				"We used RP Funding and loved them."
				Shane Theobald
				Melbourne, FL


				"I'm so excited. You guys have been great from A to Z."
				Eva Piper
				Ormond Beach, FL


				"RP Funding is a great company I would highly recommend them!"
				Valerie Rodriguez
				Mims, FL






Zero Lender fees Easy on time process Guaranteed Best Deal





Need to lower your rate or access equity from your home?Our NO Closing Cost refinance may be just the answer for you.
					

Need to Close in 10 Days?Our closing acceleration program is here to make sure you meet your contract date.
					

Complete Your Online Inquiry TodayIt's Safe, Secure and Convenient.
					

Online Loan Inquiry 













 
 


Choosing the Right Real Estate Agent >>



Close in 10 days or less with C.A.P.! >>



 





Tune In and Get Free Advice from Robert Palmer >>





Recent Show Topics >>

 Veterans: Don't Let Big Banks Push You Around 
 Private Mortgage Insurance 
 Down Payments: What to Know 
 Refinance With Multiple Properties 
 Reasons A Loan May Be Denied 
 FHA Refinance After Hardship 












 RP Funding Reviews
 Contact Us
 About Us
 Career Opportunities
 Need to Close in 10 Days or Less?
 After Purchase Mortgage
 Send Feedback
 Loan Servicing


Privacy Policy
Opt Out Of Mailing Info/Ads List
Notice About Opening an Account
Listing Power Tools


© 2017 RPFunding.com
Licensed by the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance
Florida Licensed Mortgage Lender
Tennessee Licensed Mortgage Lender &num;108621
Licensed by the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending NMLS 70168
FHA Lender ID 2631500002

* $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee requires a minimum loan amount of $100,000 and applies to Fixed Rate Loans only. This Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable to Jumbo Loans, which are loans for $424,100 and greater, and does not apply if borrower is declined by R P Funding for not meeting credit or income program guidelines. Borrower must provide Loan Estimate Disclosure to R P Funding from competing lender on the same day the competitor's terms are offered. Loan program offered by competitor must be a program R P Funding currently offers. This offer does not apply to prior locks or terms, and R P Funding must have an opportunity to beat the terms. In the event that R P Funding is unable to beat the terms of the competing lender, borrower must provide the final executed Closing disclosure, the first page of mortgage note after closing and funding, and the lock-in agreement dated the same day terms are presented to R P Funding, all of which will be used to verify competing lender's terms have not changed at closing. The $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable if the loan closes on terms different than those detailed in the Loan Estimate Disclosure provided to R P Funding. Change in terms include, but are not limited to, changes in loan amount, loan program, fees, discounts, lender credits, rate, APR, buy-downs, years of term, origination, down payment, seller or any interested party credits, and within the time of the competitor's initial lock in, or any other material loan changes not specifically mentioned here. 









RP Funding is part of the Robert Palmer Family of Companies


























My Pet Funding | Home



















 info@mypetfunding.com 
 1-800-239-9423 
 Fax# 1-703-542-9956
Customer Login
Retailer Login








Toggle navigation








Home
Customer
Retailer
Calculator
About Us
Contact Us
Apply Now


























Nextep is now My Pet Funding!


Apply Now











What is My Pet 





                    At My Pet Funding, we are a lot more than just a financing company. We are an opportunity that so many customers need, and a boost to business that our retailers experience every day. My Pet Funding provides a completely unique closed end consumer lease platform that provides customers and retailers the freedom they want with the flexibility they deserve in a financing company.
                









No Credit - No Problem


                    We approve customers with good credit, troubled credit and no credit at all.
                






QUICK & EASY PROCESS


                    Online applications are available 24/7 and customer results are sent instantly to their email.
                






FREE TO APPLY 


                    Applying is free, quick and easy. All you need is basic personal information.
                






EARLY PURCHASE OPTIONS


                    Customers can buyout of their contract whenever they like, they are never locked in!
                














For
Customers


I want to Use  My Pet Funding


Apply Now
or Learn More...










For
Retailers


I want to Offer My Pet Funding


Apply Now
or Learn More...










Applying for our closed end consumer lease program is free, quick and easy!





Would you like to learn more before signing-up?
Would you like to learn more?

Contact Us













Calculator

Get from  to  on your lease.
 We offer one of the highest approval rates in the industry.
                    



Use the field below to see Terms and Monthly Payment.

Pet









Calculate







Your Monthly Payment will range from $-- to $-- and the Finance Period will be -- months.



Early Buyout Option
Early buyout is available at anytime during the course of your lease. Payoff amounts with associated savings at  1, 3 and 6 months are shown below.*





Months
Early Buyout Payment
Savings


1
--
--


3
--
--


6
--
--




*Early buyout amount above is an estimate and assumes customer is currently making monthly payments.



Apply Now

















About Us 








A Little About Us

                    My Pet Funding, LLC offers a retailer to customer lease-to-own financing platform designed to increase retailer sales by offering customers the ability to finance goods and services on the spot, in the store and without delay. We take pride in our dynamic product by providing superior customer service and retailer training in anticipation of increased sales for our retail partners and appreciative customers who get to leave their store with what they came for. Inclusively, every member of the My Pet Funding team is dedicated to the quality of our unique product, our loyalty to each other and the ability to serve our customers with excellence. We are extremely grateful for the opportunity to support our personal and professional business relationships.
                

                    My Pet Funding, LLC is very proud of the fact that we have been able to service retailers and customers all over the United States.  As we continue to grow, we intend to make our mark in every territory by bringing our dynamic leasing program to everyone in need!
                




My Pet Core Values









INTEGRITY

“We will always honor and take pride in our word and our actions as they come from good intentions and sincerity.”



RELATIONSHIPS 

“Connecting with people takes care and dedication, which we value as a top priority at My Pet Funding. We maintain strong relationships with our customers and retailers because we know how important they are.”



EXCELLENCE  

“It is with great confidence that we seek to exceed our personal and professional relationships through superior planning and the relentless pursuit of quality, creativity and innovation.”



LOYALTY

“We are devoted to our customers and retailers in all aspects of business to make sure that they know they are part of our My Pet Funding family.”  



RESPECT 

“With unwavering commitment, we conduct ourselves in a fair and forthright manner, treating others with the dignity and respect they rightfully deserve for their individual differences, feeling and contributions.”



APPRECIATION 

“We are grateful for any occasion that affords us the opportunity to thank each other, our retailers and our customers for their loyalty and commitment to My Pet Funding.  Life and work without appreciation is devoid of care and passion.”


















   Get Started | Sure Funding Solutions       (800) 991-3917  Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS   Facebook   Twitter   Google   RSS      Select Page   Get Business Funding NowTake your business to the next level with our business funding solutions. Get started with the form below.Why Sure Funding Solutions?R Get up to $500,000 in as little as 5 business daysR One point of contact from start to finishR Multiple funding sources bidding for your businessR No hidden feesFrequently Asked QuestionsHow does it work?We offer a variety of programs with a number of different options regarding payment structure, cost, and term.  We take the time to get to know you and your business so we can put our years of industry knowledge to work in finding you the right program. For more information on specific programs, we suggest you speak with a specialist.Will I qualify?Most business owners will qualify if they have been generating revenue for a minimum of 3 months, depositing a minimum of $5,000 into their business checking account during that time, and don't have any open bankruptcies. Even if you've been declined for business funding in the past, there's a great chance that we can get you approved. Ready to Get Started?Business Name*Contact Name*   First    Last Phone Number*Alternate Phone NumberEmail*   Enter Email    Confirm Email What is your average monthly revenue?*When did your business start generating revenue?*Month123456789101112Day12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031Year201820172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965196419631962196119601959195819571956195519541953195219511950194919481947194619451944194319421941194019391938193719361935193419331932193119301929192819271926192519241923192219211920CommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.     


Professional Grade Water Treatment & Irrigation Products - Pro Products





































































 





    




Restore Water Softener EfficiencyWith Res Care All-Purpose Water Softener Cleaner
Learn More 




We provide a Cleaner, Greener, Pest Free LandscapeEasily take care of your lawn through your irrigation system
Learn More 




Remove & Prevent Rust StainsWith Rid 'O Rust Concentrated Formulas
Learn More 




Kill 99.99% Of Harmful BacteriaEffective. Efficient. Safe.
Sani-System 




Neutralize Rotten Egg SmellWith Neutra Sul Professional Grade Oxidizer
Learn More 






Water Treatment
We offer a wide range of water treatment solutions that focus on rectifying problem water and maintaining the performance of water quality equipment.
Learn More
View Products




Irrigation
Providing specialty irrigation products for rust stain removal and prevention as well as pest repellants, fertilizers and scale reducers to the irrigation industry for over twenty-five years.
Learn More
View Products











Pros Serving ProsProviding Specialized Products for Water Professionals
For over twenty years Pro Products has continually strived to offer the highest quality products to its customers. A stringent quality assurance program consisting of ISO 9001:2008 certification, WQA certified specialists and heavy research and development ensure that our products are the best in the business. Pro Products provides professional grade products for water professionals and wholesalers through several platforms.
View Water Treatment Products
View Irrigation Products


Professional SupportSupport When You Need It
Pro Products sells to an authorized distributor base that services several water professional channels. We strive to provide the best possible support to our distributors and their customers through an extensive support program. Every question is answered by our customer care professionals, available 8am-5pm EST, or within one business day through email.
Pro Products provides instructional webinars, product sell sheets, brand catalogs, installation videos, product images and much more through the new Toolbox feature on each brand and product page of the website. The toolbox is designed to provide the professional with on-demand tools that help increase leads, convert leads to sales, ensure proper installation, and in the end, a satisfied homeowner. Pro Products also provides several leave-behind items for the homeowner that can be customized for the professional’s needs. Contact us today for more information.

























Naturally Wholesome Products LLC Wholesome Country Creamery LLC Voluntary recall of Half & Half in plastic gallon and pint bottles, due to the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase in samples




























































  


Skip to main page content
Skip to search
Skip to topics menu
Skip to common links




 
 







HHS
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

 




  U.S. Food and Drug Administration

 
 




A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español


 




Search FDA


Submit search














 
 
 
 










Safety







 en Español


 

 






Home

Safety

Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts











Company Announcement
		When a company announces a recall, market withdrawal, or safety alert, the FDA posts the company's announcement as a public service. FDA does not endorse either the product or the company.
Naturally Wholesome Products LLC Wholesome Country Creamery LLC Voluntary recall of Half & Half in plastic gallon and pint bottles, due to the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase in samples





Share


Tweet


Linkedin


Pin it


More sharing options


Linkedin


Pin it




Email


Print









For Immediate Release


May 24, 2017






Contact


Consumers (336) 468-1520MediaRhoda Hostetler or Ruth Hostetler (336) 468-1520








Announcement




Naturally Wholesome Products LLC is voluntarily recalling gallon and pint containers of Half & Half labeled under the brand name Wholesome Country Creamery due to the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase found in samples during routine testing. Naturally Wholesome Products LLC has received no reports of illnesses related to the affected product and is removing the product from the market out of the abundance of caution.All gallon and pint containers involved in this recall have a batch code of 4052917 or 2060517. Distribution of the affected product was limited in scope. No other Naturally Wholesome Products LLC products are affected by this recall.The company initiated this voluntary recall because, in routine testing, samples of the affected product were found to contain Alkaline Phosphatase, an enzyme naturally present in raw milk but not in milk that has been properly pasteurized. The North Carolina Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, during a follow-up investigation of the plant, identified 2 batches of Half & Half that were not pasteurized per the requirements of the Pasteurized Milk Ordinance.The recall involves 244 units of the affected product which was distributed only in North Carolina. The company is actively notifying customers and is in the process of retrieving the affected product.How to Identify The Recalled ProductThis recall includes only gallon and pint containers of Half & Half that carry the Wholesome Country Creamery brand name. The containers have a small white sticker reading: 4052917 or 2060517.No other Naturally Wholesome Products LLC products are included in this recall.Naturally Wholesome Products LLC has ceased distribution of the affected product and recovery is actively underway. Consumers who have this product should not consume it. They should discard it and may return the product container to the place of purchase for a full refund or exchange. Consumers with questions can contact the company at (336) 468-1520.Because the presence of Alkaline Phosphatase in milk suggests the milk may not have been pasteurized sufficiently, it is possible that pathogens present in the raw milk to begin with, including Salmonella, Campylobacter, Listeria, and/or E. coli, have survived and, if ingested, could cause gastrointestinal infection and its potential ensuing complications.
###



 









Follow FDA



Follow @US_FDA on Twitter 

Follow FDA on Facebook 

Follow @FDArecalls on Twitter 

Recent Recalled Product Photos on FDA's Flickr Photostream 



 
 

 
















More in Recalls, Market Withdrawals, & Safety Alerts

Archive for Recalls, Market Withdrawals & Safety Alerts
2017
2016
2015

Enforcement Reports
Pending Recalls
Archived Enforcement Reports

Industry Guidance

Major Product Recalls
DKH Cheese Recalls (Listeria monocytogenes contamination)
Frozen vegetable products (Listeria monocytogenes)
Industry Resources for Recalls
Undeclared Peanut (from Cumin Ingredient) Recalls
Sunland Nut and Seed Product Recalls

 














	Page Last Updated: 06/05/2017


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English






 

















247LendingGroup.com







































 










Good & Bad Credit Personal Loans
Borrow Between $1,000 -$35,000. 
Most Credit Types/Situations Considered.
Reasonable Rates With Years To Pay Off. 
One Form, Multiple Reliable Offers. 

Get Started








Simple, no credit impact form*!





Helping most credit types, both good & bad, achieve online approval for unsecured personal loans since 2001. We specialize in assisting individuals with excellent & good credit accomplish their financing at the most competitive rates possible. We may also be able to get you the loans you need at reasonable rates if you are someone with bad credit & are looking to start rebuilding your credit! We've got a 5-star rating on TrustPilot, a premier online review source.
Personal loans are available nationwide; with lenders offering a variety of affordable programs for every budget. Available terms are 1-6 years with total APRs ranging from 5.99-35.99% (APRs include origination fees that range from 0-5%). Financing can be used to satisfy most needs. The process is quick, simple & your privacy is 100% secure; helping you locate and secure the fast funding you need, often in less than 24 hours. Get free, no obligation rate quotes today with zero impact to your credit score!
Representative Example Of What A Loan Can Cost: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48.


















 










 





Personal Information

 

              First Name 
             


             Last Name 
             


Date of Birth
 


Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
June
July
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec





Date
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31





Year19991998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920


 

 
Street  Address


Zip Code                        


Time at Residency

Select One
 Less than 1 month
               1 month
               2 months
               3 months
               4-6 months
               7 months to 1 year
               1-2 years
               More than 2 years
            

 

         Monthly Payment



Do you rent or own?
            

Select One
Rent
Own



        	Phone
		  (xxx-xxx-xxxx) 



 
Email 
   		  (must have valid email)





            Education Level?

Select One
High School Diploma
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree
Other Graduate Degreee
Other



        Current Credit Rating - Not Sure?

 Choose
Excellent (greater than 680)
Very Good (660 to 680)
Good (620 to 659)
Fair (580 to 619)
Poor (540 to 579)
Some Problems (500 to 539)
No Credit (or under 500)


 

 






Income Information

 

              Gross Annual  Income

Select One
Less than $15,000
$15,000-$20,000
$20,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


             Employment Status

Select One
Employed
Self-employed
Unemployed
Pension
Military Pension
Other



        Can You  Verify Income If Asked?

 Yes
                         No 
                      

 

Other Monthly Income
			
(skip if none)



           Other Monthly Income Source
(skip if none)



            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?

Select One
 Yes
 No 




Total Household Annual Income
         
Select One
Less than $10,000
$10,000-$17,999
$18,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?
                        
Select One
 Yes
 No 



 

 






Loan Information 


Personal Loan Amount

Select One
$1000-$1,499
$1,500-$1,999
$2,000-$2,499
$2,500 - $4,999
$5,000 - $7,499
$7,500 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $24,999
$25,000 - $29,999
$30,000 - $35,000

       	Describe Your Loan Purpose

Select One
Personal Loan
Small Business Loan
Start Up Business Loan
Debt Consolidation
Home Improvement
Auto Repairs
Clothing Related
Taxes
Medical
Travel/Vacation
Furniture/Appliance
Holiday
Funeral
Dental
Other



 	Total Credit Card Debt

Select One
None
under $2,500
$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $15,000
$15,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $25,000
$25,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $35,000
$35,000 - $40,000
$40,000 - $45,000
$45,000 - $50,000
over $50,000








Please be patient, next page may take a few seconds to load. Do not hit 'refresh' or 'submit' twice. By submitting your information you agree to the terms
of our Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, and E-Consent.
You also authorize 247LendingGroup.com and its Loan Providers to contact you at the number and address provided above (including your wireless number, if provided) in connection with your loan request and for other marketing purposes, via auto-dialed calls, pre-recorded messages, text messages and/or email.  Your consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services and you may revoke it at any time.







 







Home
Get Started
How It Works
Contact Us



 FAQ

				   Check App Status

                   Testimonials

                   Borrowing Tips




														Responsible
														Lending

				    Rates and Fees
                                                 
				    Calculator


Privacy Policy
Terms and ConditionsE-Consent




Trustpilot
 

© 2017 24/7 Lending Group. All rights reserved.
14460 New Falls of Neuse Road, Suite 314, Raleigh, North Carolina 27614
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, the lender will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow the lender to identify you. The lender may also ask to see your driver's license and other identifying documents.
*Disclaimer:24/7 Lending Group is not a lender and does not represent lenders as a loan broker or in any other capacity other than as a loan matching referral service, offering free rate quotes with no impact to your credit. 24/7 Lending Group does not run your credit and is not acting as a credit services agent for you. Lenders may perform a soft pull of your credit during the free rate quote process. Soft credit pulls have no impact to your credit scores or rating. You must select a rate quote and then finalize your loan directly with the lender with which you have selected. Any credit product for which you apply is solely the product of the lender. Most lenders will perform a hard credit check under the Fair Credit Reporting Act in order to evaluate your request promptly and adequately. Your permission will be asked for prior to any hard credit inquiry being performed. Final rates, terms and fees will be based on your individual credit history and underwritten by the lender NOT 24/7 Lending Group. 24/7 Lending Group cannot guarantee final terms, rates or repayments as they vary by lender. Providing your information on this Website does not guarantee approval for a product offering.  There is no charge to use 24/7 Lending Group service. 24/7 Lending Group may receive compensation from a lender in certain circumstances.
  Rate quotes provided to customers will be no greater than 35.99% APR (APRs include 0-5% origination fees), with terms from 12 to 72 months and available borrowing amounts of $1,000 to $35,000. Representative Personal Loan Example: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48. 

 


 




 

247LendingGroup.com







































 










Good & Bad Credit Personal Loans
Borrow Between $1,000 -$35,000. 
Most Credit Types/Situations Considered.
Reasonable Rates With Years To Pay Off. 
One Form, Multiple Reliable Offers. 

Get Started








Simple, no credit impact form*!





Helping most credit types, both good & bad, achieve online approval for unsecured personal loans since 2001. We specialize in assisting individuals with excellent & good credit accomplish their financing at the most competitive rates possible. We may also be able to get you the loans you need at reasonable rates if you are someone with bad credit & are looking to start rebuilding your credit! We've got a 5-star rating on TrustPilot, a premier online review source.
Personal loans are available nationwide; with lenders offering a variety of affordable programs for every budget. Available terms are 1-6 years with total APRs ranging from 5.99-35.99% (APRs include origination fees that range from 0-5%). Financing can be used to satisfy most needs. The process is quick, simple & your privacy is 100% secure; helping you locate and secure the fast funding you need, often in less than 24 hours. Get free, no obligation rate quotes today with zero impact to your credit score!
Representative Example Of What A Loan Can Cost: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48.


















 










 





Personal Information

 

              First Name 
             


             Last Name 
             


Date of Birth
 


Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
June
July
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec





Date
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31





Year19991998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920


 

 
Street  Address


Zip Code                        


Time at Residency

Select One
 Less than 1 month
               1 month
               2 months
               3 months
               4-6 months
               7 months to 1 year
               1-2 years
               More than 2 years
            

 

         Monthly Payment



Do you rent or own?
            

Select One
Rent
Own



        	Phone
		  (xxx-xxx-xxxx) 



 
Email 
   		  (must have valid email)





            Education Level?

Select One
High School Diploma
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree
Other Graduate Degreee
Other



        Current Credit Rating - Not Sure?

 Choose
Excellent (greater than 680)
Very Good (660 to 680)
Good (620 to 659)
Fair (580 to 619)
Poor (540 to 579)
Some Problems (500 to 539)
No Credit (or under 500)


 

 






Income Information

 

              Gross Annual  Income

Select One
Less than $15,000
$15,000-$20,000
$20,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


             Employment Status

Select One
Employed
Self-employed
Unemployed
Pension
Military Pension
Other



        Can You  Verify Income If Asked?

 Yes
                         No 
                      

 

Other Monthly Income
			
(skip if none)



           Other Monthly Income Source
(skip if none)



            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?

Select One
 Yes
 No 




Total Household Annual Income
         
Select One
Less than $10,000
$10,000-$17,999
$18,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?
                        
Select One
 Yes
 No 



 

 






Loan Information 


Personal Loan Amount

Select One
$1000-$1,499
$1,500-$1,999
$2,000-$2,499
$2,500 - $4,999
$5,000 - $7,499
$7,500 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $24,999
$25,000 - $29,999
$30,000 - $35,000

       	Describe Your Loan Purpose

Select One
Personal Loan
Small Business Loan
Start Up Business Loan
Debt Consolidation
Home Improvement
Auto Repairs
Clothing Related
Taxes
Medical
Travel/Vacation
Furniture/Appliance
Holiday
Funeral
Dental
Other



 	Total Credit Card Debt

Select One
None
under $2,500
$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $15,000
$15,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $25,000
$25,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $35,000
$35,000 - $40,000
$40,000 - $45,000
$45,000 - $50,000
over $50,000








Please be patient, next page may take a few seconds to load. Do not hit 'refresh' or 'submit' twice. By submitting your information you agree to the terms
of our Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, and E-Consent.
You also authorize 247LendingGroup.com and its Loan Providers to contact you at the number and address provided above (including your wireless number, if provided) in connection with your loan request and for other marketing purposes, via auto-dialed calls, pre-recorded messages, text messages and/or email.  Your consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services and you may revoke it at any time.







 







Home
Get Started
How It Works
Contact Us



 FAQ

				   Check App Status

                   Testimonials

                   Borrowing Tips




														Responsible
														Lending

				    Rates and Fees
                                                 
				    Calculator


Privacy Policy
Terms and ConditionsE-Consent




Trustpilot
 

© 2017 24/7 Lending Group. All rights reserved.
14460 New Falls of Neuse Road, Suite 314, Raleigh, North Carolina 27614
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, the lender will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow the lender to identify you. The lender may also ask to see your driver's license and other identifying documents.
*Disclaimer:24/7 Lending Group is not a lender and does not represent lenders as a loan broker or in any other capacity other than as a loan matching referral service, offering free rate quotes with no impact to your credit. 24/7 Lending Group does not run your credit and is not acting as a credit services agent for you. Lenders may perform a soft pull of your credit during the free rate quote process. Soft credit pulls have no impact to your credit scores or rating. You must select a rate quote and then finalize your loan directly with the lender with which you have selected. Any credit product for which you apply is solely the product of the lender. Most lenders will perform a hard credit check under the Fair Credit Reporting Act in order to evaluate your request promptly and adequately. Your permission will be asked for prior to any hard credit inquiry being performed. Final rates, terms and fees will be based on your individual credit history and underwritten by the lender NOT 24/7 Lending Group. 24/7 Lending Group cannot guarantee final terms, rates or repayments as they vary by lender. Providing your information on this Website does not guarantee approval for a product offering.  There is no charge to use 24/7 Lending Group service. 24/7 Lending Group may receive compensation from a lender in certain circumstances.
  Rate quotes provided to customers will be no greater than 35.99% APR (APRs include 0-5% origination fees), with terms from 12 to 72 months and available borrowing amounts of $1,000 to $35,000. Representative Personal Loan Example: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48. 

 


 




 

247LendingGroup.com







































 










Good & Bad Credit Personal Loans
Borrow Between $1,000 -$35,000. 
Most Credit Types/Situations Considered.
Reasonable Rates With Years To Pay Off. 
One Form, Multiple Reliable Offers. 

Get Started








Simple, no credit impact form*!





Helping most credit types, both good & bad, achieve online approval for unsecured personal loans since 2001. We specialize in assisting individuals with excellent & good credit accomplish their financing at the most competitive rates possible. We may also be able to get you the loans you need at reasonable rates if you are someone with bad credit & are looking to start rebuilding your credit! We've got a 5-star rating on TrustPilot, a premier online review source.
Personal loans are available nationwide; with lenders offering a variety of affordable programs for every budget. Available terms are 1-6 years with total APRs ranging from 5.99-35.99% (APRs include origination fees that range from 0-5%). Financing can be used to satisfy most needs. The process is quick, simple & your privacy is 100% secure; helping you locate and secure the fast funding you need, often in less than 24 hours. Get free, no obligation rate quotes today with zero impact to your credit score!
Representative Example Of What A Loan Can Cost: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48.


















 










 





Personal Information

 

              First Name 
             


             Last Name 
             


Date of Birth
 


Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
June
July
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec





Date
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31





Year19991998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920


 

 
Street  Address


Zip Code                        


Time at Residency

Select One
 Less than 1 month
               1 month
               2 months
               3 months
               4-6 months
               7 months to 1 year
               1-2 years
               More than 2 years
            

 

         Monthly Payment



Do you rent or own?
            

Select One
Rent
Own



        	Phone
		  (xxx-xxx-xxxx) 



 
Email 
   		  (must have valid email)





            Education Level?

Select One
High School Diploma
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree
Other Graduate Degreee
Other



        Current Credit Rating - Not Sure?

 Choose
Excellent (greater than 680)
Very Good (660 to 680)
Good (620 to 659)
Fair (580 to 619)
Poor (540 to 579)
Some Problems (500 to 539)
No Credit (or under 500)


 

 






Income Information

 

              Gross Annual  Income

Select One
Less than $15,000
$15,000-$20,000
$20,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


             Employment Status

Select One
Employed
Self-employed
Unemployed
Pension
Military Pension
Other



        Can You  Verify Income If Asked?

 Yes
                         No 
                      

 

Other Monthly Income
			
(skip if none)



           Other Monthly Income Source
(skip if none)



            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?

Select One
 Yes
 No 




Total Household Annual Income
         
Select One
Less than $10,000
$10,000-$17,999
$18,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?
                        
Select One
 Yes
 No 



 

 






Loan Information 


Personal Loan Amount

Select One
$1000-$1,499
$1,500-$1,999
$2,000-$2,499
$2,500 - $4,999
$5,000 - $7,499
$7,500 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $24,999
$25,000 - $29,999
$30,000 - $35,000

       	Describe Your Loan Purpose

Select One
Personal Loan
Small Business Loan
Start Up Business Loan
Debt Consolidation
Home Improvement
Auto Repairs
Clothing Related
Taxes
Medical
Travel/Vacation
Furniture/Appliance
Holiday
Funeral
Dental
Other



 	Total Credit Card Debt

Select One
None
under $2,500
$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $15,000
$15,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $25,000
$25,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $35,000
$35,000 - $40,000
$40,000 - $45,000
$45,000 - $50,000
over $50,000








Please be patient, next page may take a few seconds to load. Do not hit 'refresh' or 'submit' twice. By submitting your information you agree to the terms
of our Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, and E-Consent.
You also authorize 247LendingGroup.com and its Loan Providers to contact you at the number and address provided above (including your wireless number, if provided) in connection with your loan request and for other marketing purposes, via auto-dialed calls, pre-recorded messages, text messages and/or email.  Your consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services and you may revoke it at any time.







 







Home
Get Started
How It Works
Contact Us



 FAQ

				   Check App Status

                   Testimonials

                   Borrowing Tips




														Responsible
														Lending

				    Rates and Fees
                                                 
				    Calculator


Privacy Policy
Terms and ConditionsE-Consent




Trustpilot
 

© 2017 24/7 Lending Group. All rights reserved.
14460 New Falls of Neuse Road, Suite 314, Raleigh, North Carolina 27614
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, the lender will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow the lender to identify you. The lender may also ask to see your driver's license and other identifying documents.
*Disclaimer:24/7 Lending Group is not a lender and does not represent lenders as a loan broker or in any other capacity other than as a loan matching referral service, offering free rate quotes with no impact to your credit. 24/7 Lending Group does not run your credit and is not acting as a credit services agent for you. Lenders may perform a soft pull of your credit during the free rate quote process. Soft credit pulls have no impact to your credit scores or rating. You must select a rate quote and then finalize your loan directly with the lender with which you have selected. Any credit product for which you apply is solely the product of the lender. Most lenders will perform a hard credit check under the Fair Credit Reporting Act in order to evaluate your request promptly and adequately. Your permission will be asked for prior to any hard credit inquiry being performed. Final rates, terms and fees will be based on your individual credit history and underwritten by the lender NOT 24/7 Lending Group. 24/7 Lending Group cannot guarantee final terms, rates or repayments as they vary by lender. Providing your information on this Website does not guarantee approval for a product offering.  There is no charge to use 24/7 Lending Group service. 24/7 Lending Group may receive compensation from a lender in certain circumstances.
  Rate quotes provided to customers will be no greater than 35.99% APR (APRs include 0-5% origination fees), with terms from 12 to 72 months and available borrowing amounts of $1,000 to $35,000. Representative Personal Loan Example: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48. 

 


 




 

247LendingGroup.com







































 










Good & Bad Credit Personal Loans
Borrow Between $1,000 -$35,000. 
Most Credit Types/Situations Considered.
Reasonable Rates With Years To Pay Off. 
One Form, Multiple Reliable Offers. 

Get Started








Simple, no credit impact form*!





Helping most credit types, both good & bad, achieve online approval for unsecured personal loans since 2001. We specialize in assisting individuals with excellent & good credit accomplish their financing at the most competitive rates possible. We may also be able to get you the loans you need at reasonable rates if you are someone with bad credit & are looking to start rebuilding your credit! We've got a 5-star rating on TrustPilot, a premier online review source.
Personal loans are available nationwide; with lenders offering a variety of affordable programs for every budget. Available terms are 1-6 years with total APRs ranging from 5.99-35.99% (APRs include origination fees that range from 0-5%). Financing can be used to satisfy most needs. The process is quick, simple & your privacy is 100% secure; helping you locate and secure the fast funding you need, often in less than 24 hours. Get free, no obligation rate quotes today with zero impact to your credit score!
Representative Example Of What A Loan Can Cost: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48.


















 










 





Personal Information

 

              First Name 
             


             Last Name 
             


Date of Birth
 


Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
June
July
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec





Date
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31





Year19991998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920


 

 
Street  Address


Zip Code                        


Time at Residency

Select One
 Less than 1 month
               1 month
               2 months
               3 months
               4-6 months
               7 months to 1 year
               1-2 years
               More than 2 years
            

 

         Monthly Payment



Do you rent or own?
            

Select One
Rent
Own



        	Phone
		  (xxx-xxx-xxxx) 



 
Email 
   		  (must have valid email)





            Education Level?

Select One
High School Diploma
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree
Other Graduate Degreee
Other



        Current Credit Rating - Not Sure?

 Choose
Excellent (greater than 680)
Very Good (660 to 680)
Good (620 to 659)
Fair (580 to 619)
Poor (540 to 579)
Some Problems (500 to 539)
No Credit (or under 500)


 

 






Income Information

 

              Gross Annual  Income

Select One
Less than $15,000
$15,000-$20,000
$20,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


             Employment Status

Select One
Employed
Self-employed
Unemployed
Pension
Military Pension
Other



        Can You  Verify Income If Asked?

 Yes
                         No 
                      

 

Other Monthly Income
			
(skip if none)



           Other Monthly Income Source
(skip if none)



            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?

Select One
 Yes
 No 




Total Household Annual Income
         
Select One
Less than $10,000
$10,000-$17,999
$18,000-$29,999
$30,000-$39,999
$40,000-$49,999
$50,000-$59,999
$60,000-$69,999
$70,000-$79,999
$80,000-$89,999
$90,000-$99,999
$100,000 or more 


            Are You Currently Active Duty Military Personnel?
                        
Select One
 Yes
 No 



 

 






Loan Information 


Personal Loan Amount

Select One
$1000-$1,499
$1,500-$1,999
$2,000-$2,499
$2,500 - $4,999
$5,000 - $7,499
$7,500 - $9,999
$10,000 - $14,999
$15,000 - $19,999
$20,000 - $24,999
$25,000 - $29,999
$30,000 - $35,000

       	Describe Your Loan Purpose

Select One
Personal Loan
Small Business Loan
Start Up Business Loan
Debt Consolidation
Home Improvement
Auto Repairs
Clothing Related
Taxes
Medical
Travel/Vacation
Furniture/Appliance
Holiday
Funeral
Dental
Other



 	Total Credit Card Debt

Select One
None
under $2,500
$2,500 - $5,000
$5,000 - $7,500
$7,500 - $10,000
$10,000 - $15,000
$15,000 - $20,000
$20,000 - $25,000
$25,000 - $30,000
$30,000 - $35,000
$35,000 - $40,000
$40,000 - $45,000
$45,000 - $50,000
over $50,000








Please be patient, next page may take a few seconds to load. Do not hit 'refresh' or 'submit' twice. By submitting your information you agree to the terms
of our Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions, and E-Consent.
You also authorize 247LendingGroup.com and its Loan Providers to contact you at the number and address provided above (including your wireless number, if provided) in connection with your loan request and for other marketing purposes, via auto-dialed calls, pre-recorded messages, text messages and/or email.  Your consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services and you may revoke it at any time.







 







Home
Get Started
How It Works
Contact Us



 FAQ

				   Check App Status

                   Testimonials

                   Borrowing Tips




														Responsible
														Lending

				    Rates and Fees
                                                 
				    Calculator


Privacy Policy
Terms and ConditionsE-Consent




Trustpilot
 

© 2017 24/7 Lending Group. All rights reserved.
14460 New Falls of Neuse Road, Suite 314, Raleigh, North Carolina 27614
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you: When you open an account, the lender will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow the lender to identify you. The lender may also ask to see your driver's license and other identifying documents.
*Disclaimer:24/7 Lending Group is not a lender and does not represent lenders as a loan broker or in any other capacity other than as a loan matching referral service, offering free rate quotes with no impact to your credit. 24/7 Lending Group does not run your credit and is not acting as a credit services agent for you. Lenders may perform a soft pull of your credit during the free rate quote process. Soft credit pulls have no impact to your credit scores or rating. You must select a rate quote and then finalize your loan directly with the lender with which you have selected. Any credit product for which you apply is solely the product of the lender. Most lenders will perform a hard credit check under the Fair Credit Reporting Act in order to evaluate your request promptly and adequately. Your permission will be asked for prior to any hard credit inquiry being performed. Final rates, terms and fees will be based on your individual credit history and underwritten by the lender NOT 24/7 Lending Group. 24/7 Lending Group cannot guarantee final terms, rates or repayments as they vary by lender. Providing your information on this Website does not guarantee approval for a product offering.  There is no charge to use 24/7 Lending Group service. 24/7 Lending Group may receive compensation from a lender in certain circumstances.
  Rate quotes provided to customers will be no greater than 35.99% APR (APRs include 0-5% origination fees), with terms from 12 to 72 months and available borrowing amounts of $1,000 to $35,000. Representative Personal Loan Example: For a $5,000 36-month loan at an interest rate of 6.03% with a 1.11% origination fee of $55.50, you will receive a loan amount of $4,944.50 and will make 36 monthly payments of about $152.18 at a 6.78% APR. Total loan cost would be $5,478.48. 

 


 




 

Direct Mortgage Lender Easy Loan Process Close in as Little as 10 Days


































Loading...

Do not navigate away from this page until upload is completed.











 RP Funding Reviews
 Contact Us
 About Us
 Career Opportunities
 Need to Close in 10 Days or Less?
 After Purchase Mortgage
 Send Feedback
 Loan Servicing







Call 1 (866) 765‐0765










Home
Rates / Fees
Apply Now
Video Testimonials
Realtors
Home Value
Home Search
Consumer Portal


















Zero Lender fees Easy on time process Guaranteed Best Deal





Need to lower your rate or access equity from your home?Our NO Closing Cost refinance may be just the answer for you.
					

Need to Close in 10 Days?Our closing acceleration program is here to make sure you meet your contract date.
					

Complete Your Online Inquiry TodayIt's Safe, Secure and Convenient.
					

Online Loan Inquiry 












Complete below for Phone Inquiry




First Name:



Last Name:



Phone:



Email:



Best time to contact you:

Anytime
9 A.M.
10 A.M.
11 A.M.
12 P.M.
1 P.M.
2 P.M.
3 P.M.
4 P.M.
5 P.M.
6 P.M.




Loan Purpose
Which best describes the purpose of this loan?
Purchasing a home I've already found

Purchasing a home that I haven't located yet

Refinance my existing loan balance

Refinance and take "Cash Out"


Loan Officer

Next Available Loan Originator
Spanish Speaking
Alan Seldin
Bobby Flint
Brian Boodram
Brian Fellegy
Christopher Rawlins
Ed Crump
Gabreale Rumore
Garry Grant
Jacob Buchanan
James Schnaath
Jennifer Cannon
Jennifer Ceballos
Joel Valentin
Joey Marmo
John Hill
John Revelle
Jose Socorro
Joseph Curnutte
Laura Griffin
Lizeth Garzon
Luis Nieves
Melvin Kelly
Michael Argula
Michael Osgood
Mike King
Nadyne Pennington
Paula Polanyi
Reg Padgett
Scott Claypool
Scott Johnson
Shannon Smith
Steve Keena
Teresa Asbury
Thomas Hamlin
Tom Varghese
Tricia Gathwright
Troy Tiedemann
William Lowry


Notes









By submitting this information you agree to be contacted by RP Funding through email, postal mail and telephone communications.  RP Funding will send you additional information on our services and contact you to complete your application.  If you would like to opt-out of marketing communications please visit our
	opt-out page.  The above submission does not constititue an application, additional information including social security number and property address will be required.
	Privacy Policy


















Find Out What Our Clients Really Think!
Many of our happy clients have given us iPhone video testimonials. Check out their videos to see what they have to say about their RP Funding experience.
Watch Videos Now!




At RP Funding, we’re so confident that we’ll get you the best possible rate that we offer the “ $1,000 Challenge.” *
Click here to learn more >










 RP Funding Reviews
 Contact Us
 About Us
 Career Opportunities
 Need to Close in 10 Days or Less?
 After Purchase Mortgage
 Send Feedback
 Loan Servicing


Privacy Policy
Opt Out Of Mailing Info/Ads List
Notice About Opening an Account
Listing Power Tools


© 2017 RPFunding.com
Licensed by the Mississippi Department of Banking and Consumer Finance
Florida Licensed Mortgage Lender
Tennessee Licensed Mortgage Lender &num;108621
Licensed by the Texas Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending NMLS 70168
FHA Lender ID 2631500002

* $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee requires a minimum loan amount of $100,000 and applies to Fixed Rate Loans only. This Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable to Jumbo Loans, which are loans for $424,100 and greater, and does not apply if borrower is declined by R P Funding for not meeting credit or income program guidelines. Borrower must provide Loan Estimate Disclosure to R P Funding from competing lender on the same day the competitor's terms are offered. Loan program offered by competitor must be a program R P Funding currently offers. This offer does not apply to prior locks or terms, and R P Funding must have an opportunity to beat the terms. In the event that R P Funding is unable to beat the terms of the competing lender, borrower must provide the final executed Closing disclosure, the first page of mortgage note after closing and funding, and the lock-in agreement dated the same day terms are presented to R P Funding, all of which will be used to verify competing lender's terms have not changed at closing. The $1,000 Mortgage Challenge/Guarantee is not applicable if the loan closes on terms different than those detailed in the Loan Estimate Disclosure provided to R P Funding. Change in terms include, but are not limited to, changes in loan amount, loan program, fees, discounts, lender credits, rate, APR, buy-downs, years of term, origination, down payment, seller or any interested party credits, and within the time of the competitor's initial lock in, or any other material loan changes not specifically mentioned here. 









RP Funding is part of the Robert Palmer Family of Companies


















