


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 









RustOleum ReColor | As Seen on TV | Wipe New | Official Site








































































Wipe New is Available in Bulk. Visit WipeNewPro.com








FACEBOOK
TWITTER
GOOGLE
PINTEREST
TUMBLR
YOUTUBE
INSTAGRAM





  Innovative, Award Winning Products







Cart
/ $0.00


0






No products in the cart.





















 
















Home
Products

Wipe New® Rainbrella
Wipe New® Original
Wipe New® Headlight Restore
Wipe New® Recolor
Wipe New® Tires
Wipe New® Wheels
Wipe New® Fleet
Wipe New® Marine


Our Fans
Blog
Press
How To
About Us
Inventors









 







Order Now
Product Description
FAQs
Testimonials
Instructions









Never Paint Again!  Instead Wipe It New, Keep It New! 


 
Finally, a no mess alternative to painting! No more: paint brushes, spray cans, tape, drop cloths, messy overspray, or ugly drips to clean up!
Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New® is the first ever wipe-on clear coating and sealant designed to wipe away years from outdoor furniture, grills, shutters, fixtures and more in just a few minutes! There’s never been a better way to protect and restore! First, clean and dry the surface. Then simply remove the pre-soaked starter cloth from the package and wipe over the target areas for a shiny new look. Unlike traditional coatings, ReColor does not lay on top of the surface. Instead, it becomes one with it restoring original color while adding new properties that protect the surface from UV and liquids to keep it looking new for years! That’s right! Our proprietary nano-polymer formula penetrates deep to protect and restore for years against elements including oxidation, fading, sun and water damage and more!
Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New® is the fast and easy way to restore those aging, weather-beaten items around your home. It’s convenient to do on the fly. Perfect for everything from last minute touch ups before the house party or restoring a 8 piece patio set to better than new condition. Now restore and protect items around your home the easy, effective way for less!


ReColor by Wipe New® restores and protects:

Shutters
Patio Furniture and Grills
Window Trims
Metal Railings and Hardware
Garden Accessories
Lighting Fixtures
Grills and Mailboxes
Kayaks and Golf Carts
Countless other applications including vinyl, plastic, stone, or metal surfaces!



Order Now
Product Description
FAQs
Testimonials
Instructions


Each ReColor by Wipe New Kit includes a 2oz bottle of Recolor, 3 applicator cloths, one microfiber sponge, one pair of nitrile gloves, and one detail swab.  This is enough ReColor to cover 100 square feet!  For comparison, it would take 7 cans of spray paint to cover the same surface area!  ReColor (#recolor) saves you time AND money!

This stainless steel grill was coated on the right side with ReColor by Wipe New®, the left side was left uncoated. After 8 months outdoors and uncovered, the side coated with ReColor by Wipe New® was kept free of rust spots and corrosion. ReColor by Wipe New® protects from corrosion, fading and other forms of weathering!
This 25 year old lawnmower was quickly restored in minutes with ReColor by Wipe New. With our simple wipe-on coating you’ll achieve a factory fresh finish in very little time. No more without messy over spray and paint brush marks and there’s no struggling to match the color because it is the original color! Perfectly restored to new with ReColor by Wipe New.  Quickly and easily restore vinyl, plastic, metals, and more! It’s easy to do and fun too!


Latest Posts from our Blog 

First Impressions and Curb AppealUpcycling and RepurposingWays to Brighten your Home During Winter

Before & After 





























Testimonials 







Hello! I used your Wipe New Recolor on my turtle garden statue. Here is the photo of my turtle before I used your product. I am so happy with the results I achieved using your Wipe New Recolor product on my beloved Turtle garden statue. You can see the improvement in the “after” photo I have attached.The turtle’s shell was oxidized and no longer showed color or details. Now it has color and details! Not only does my turtle look more like it did when I first purchased it, but it also has a nice shine.
Thank you for your help in restoring my turtle to his former glory!


Christy F










After 12 years of sun exposure, my vinyl shutters were looking pretty bad. I thought about replacing my shutters with new ones because they looked so bad and faded. While I was at Home Depot this weekend looking at new shutters, I noticed this product on display adjacent to the shutters. I thought I would try to restore my shutters to their original look by using this product and maybe save money too by not having to purchase new shutters. Boy was I glad I bought this product! I was amazed at how well the product worked in restoring my vinyl shutters to their original condition. My shutters look awesome, they are shiny and look brand new. I hope this new look will in fact “last for years” as advertised on the box. I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking to give their shutters a new life. This product kept me from spending hundreds of dollars on new shutters. I would recommend wearing a “paint odor” respirator (face mask) as the chemical odor on these wipes is very strong and will give you a headache if you breath in the fumes.


Houndog









Awesome product got my trucks dashboard looking new again!!


Fred L









I have to say this stuff works really well. I have used it on a lot of my safety equipment that’s on our offshore oil rig that has been sun dried or faded out. I tried this stuff and it looks almost brand-new.


Kevin G









Bought 1 bottle…made my 15year old vinyl shutters look brand new! This stuff is awesome! Will be using all over the house!


James M










Used it on my boat took 5 kits works great. Well worth the money. Boat is 25′ Baha I couldn’t get it this nice with wax and buffing. Hardest part was keeping the boat dry for 24 hours.


Mark J












I manage a high rise building services company and we tested your product on window frames of a high rise condominium. The results were great!! I’d like to order 600oz. of your product in order to service all the window frames on the building.


Jason L
Dutchman Window & Cleaning








I swear we could do a commercial for Wipe New. The resin/plastic patio furniture in our yard has to be at least 10 years old. I don’t think it was ever thoroughly cleaned and is sure showing its age. My husband started griping about the looks of it (veiled hints it should be thrown out). I purchase Wipe New at a “closeout” at our local Kroger. Scrubbed the heck out of one chair and applied Wipe New. I was so astounded, impressed, and a bunch of other adjectives, I emailed about 30 people with photos and later called several neighbors to see the results. I finished the rest of the pieces and now have a brand new set in my yard!!


Redjeed1










The fence at my house has been installed about 6 years and the color has faded. The area on the fence was restored using Wipe New.


Ron A









I found your product at CVS and decided to try it on my old faded pool chairs. I couldn’t believe my eyes at the results. I will be buying more of your product as I have more pool furniture to do also will try it on my faded refrigerator handles. Do you think it would be safe to also try it on my faded over handles. This stuff is amazing. Thanks for a great product.


Carol C









We just wanted to share the before and after pictures of our shutters. We were amazed at the difference….the shutters look new!!


Lynne D









I put it on the gel coat on my boat which is really faded and made a look like new awesome stuff


John H










This stuff is amazing! Worked great on my Xterra rear bumper. Has been it on there for 5 months and still new


Travis M










The best product out there! My house shutters look brand new and they’ve been through rain storms and lots of sun and heat for the past 3 weeks! My neighbors have been complimenting me on them. Thanks!


Monica H







Order Now
Frequently Asked Questions 

Do I have to wear gloves when using ReColor by Wipe New® We recommend wearing the included gloves when applying ReColor by Wipe New® because once dry it can be difficult to remove from your skin, and may also be slightly irritating to some people  .

What if I start applying and have to stop? Can I start again later? Will the results match? Once you start applying ReColor by Wipe New® to a surface, we recommend that you complete that entire surface before stopping (for example, if you start treating a table, finish the entire table before stopping). Stopping and starting again later on the same surface may, in some cases, lead to a visible difference in the final result due to variations in humidity, light, temperature, and other factors. If you must stop and start again later, try to stop at inconspicuous spot on the surface.

What if it rains after I apply ReColor by Wipe New®ReColor by Wipe New® must cure for 24 hours prior to being exposed to any type of moisture including rain, puddles, dew, sprinklers, mist, etc. If a treated surface gets wet prior to the end of the 24-hour curing period, spotting or streaking may occur.

What is the purpose of the applicator brush?The sponge tip of the applicator brush will allow you to touch up small nooks and crannies around your headlights, grill inserts, rear view mirrors, interior HVAC vents, and other hard to reach areas. Simply dip the sponge tip into your ReColor by Wipe New® bottle and apply in the desired area.

Will ReColor by Wipe New® damage my clothes? ReColor by Wipe New® contains no dyes, however, it does harden as it dries and may damage your clothing.

 



How can I remove ReColor by Wipe New®? Although it is more easily removed if wiped from undesirable surfaces immediately, cured ReColor by Wipe New® can be removed using a small amount of automotive polishing compound. We recommend that you apply the compound to a microfiber cloth then work it into the affected area in a circular motion. With a little time and effort the compound will remove ReColor by Wipe New® from the surface, and you can use a clean microfiber cloth to wipe away any remaining compound residue.

How long will ReColor by Wipe New® last after it's applied to the surface? ReColor by Wipe New® is guaranteed to last for two years on most surfaces, but may require reapplication over time to surfaces that are regularly exposed to oils from the skin and/or friction such as vinyl/leather seats, benches, knobs, etc.

Can ReColor by Wipe New® be used on clear coat painted surfaces? Application to a clear coated surface is not an advertised use for ReColor by Wipe New® and is done so at the owner’s sole risk. Wipe New®’s Protection Guarantee does not extend to the use of ReColor by Wipe New® on clear coat painted surfaces.

Can I apply ReColor by Wipe New® to a fiberglass surface? Yes. ReColor by Wipe New® will restore shine to the surface, protect it from UV damage, and make it easier to clean. If there is any UV damage underneath the existing gel/clear coat, then Wipe New® will not remove it. Before applying, ensure the surface is thoroughly cleansed and allowed to dry completely, and protect the surface from moisture for 24 hours post-application.

Where can I find helpful tips for using ReColor by Wipe New®? Please don’t hesitate to contact us with any additional questions you may have. For tips and ReColor by Wipe New® demos, visit the Avento Corporation channel on You Tube (YouTube.com/user/AventoCorporation), like us on Facebook (Facebook.com/WipeNew) and remember to share your before and after photos.




ReColor by Wipe New® - Instructions 


Important Notes
Application InstructionsTo maximize coverage area it is important to prep all surfaces intended for application at the same time before opening Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New®. When applying Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New®, wear the protective nitrile gloves and always use it in a well-ventilated area. Failure to wear protective gloves may result in injury. Let Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New® dry for 1 hour in a dry, well-ventilated area before touching the treated surface.
Contact with any type of moisture during or within 24 hours of application will result in streaking or spotting. Allow treated surface to cure for 24 hours before exposure to moisture (rain, dew, sprinklers, etc.)
Do not apply Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New® to hot surfaces or in direct sunlight as this may cause the surface to appear streaked. Ensure the surface is clean, dry, and cool to the touch before applying ReColor.
If Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New® comes in contact with an unintended surface wipe it off immediately with a dry cloth.
If ReColor begins to dry on the applicator cloth, streaking may occur. Once the applicator cloth dries out completely, it cannot be reused and must be discarded (see step 3 for disposal instructions).
Store Rust-Oleum ReColor by Wipe New® in a cool dry place and discard within one year of purchase.
For tips, video demonstrations, and more product information, check us out on:
www.facebook.com/ReColorbyWipeNew/
YouTube  http://www.youtube.com/wipenew
View PDF Version of instructions.

APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS:
1) Clean all surfaces intended for application at the same time and allow them to dry completely prior to application of ReColor by Wipe New®.
PLASTIC/VINYL/LEATHER/STONE: Wash with soap and water or a mild degreaser and scrub with a brush to get ingrained dirt out of all the tight areas (make sure the brush is appropriate for cleaning the surface without damage). If the surface has been treated before with waxes, conditioners, or silicon-based products, then use a degreaser to remove all remnants of the previously used products.
METAL: New metal surfaces that are being coated for corrosion protection can simply be wiped down with a dry rag to remove dust prior to applying ReColor by Wipe New®. Most metallic surfaces that have been exposed to the environment will need to be washed with soap and water or a mild degreaser and scrubbed with a brush to get ingrained dirt out of all the tight areas. Non-painted metallic surfaces that have been exposed to the outdoors and have a bit of surface mineralization (ex: brass, zinc, stainless steel surfaces, etc.) can be washed and dried with soap and water and then further prepared with a light scrubbing from steel wool to remove the surface mineralization. All dust or metallic particles will have to be wiped off with a dry cloth and the surface clean and dry prior to coating.
2) Put on the chemical resistant gloves, ensure that you are in a well ventilated area and that the surface intended for application is completely dry. Open the 2oz bottle of Rust-Oleum ReColor and carefully pour it onto one of the provided microfiber applicators. We recommend the sponge for restoring textured surfaces or the cloths for smooth surfaces. Pour enough ReColor to completely saturate the applicator such that it is nearly dripping. It is important that the applicator is saturated to avoid streaking during the application. Wipe over the surface in a single wipe, from one row to the next, with a slight overlap (like mowing a lawn) until the surface is completely coated. It is not necessary to scrub or buff the surface–doing so will lead to undesirable results and product waste.
If streaking on the surface appears, then rewet the applicator and continue the application process. It is important to complete the surface that you started before ReColor by Wipe New® dries so that the coat cures evenly.
On plastic or vinyl surfaces that have high exposure to sunlight, a second coat can be applied before the first coat cures. See Frequently Asked Questions for more details.
3) When finished, set the applicator cloths in a location out of the reach of children and allow them to dry completely prior to discarding (a few hours).
The surface will dry to the touch in about 1 hour and be cured completely after 24 hours. Do not allow a treated surface to come in contact with direct moisture (rain, dew, puddles, etc.) for 24 hours after application.
View PDF Version of instructions.
















Home
Products

Wipe New® Rainbrella
Wipe New® Original
Wipe New® Headlight Restore
Wipe New® Recolor
Wipe New® Tires
Wipe New® Wheels
Wipe New® Fleet
Wipe New® Marine


Our Fans
Blog
Press
How To
About Us
Inventors


















































































Carol Surface – SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer | Medtronic





Your browser is out of date

    With an updated browser, you will have a better Medtronic website experience. Update my browser now.


×





 

Skip to main content













                            Adriatic
                            
                        

                            Argentina
                            
                        

                            Asia-Pacific
                            
                        

                            Australia and New Zealand
                            
                        

                            Belgium
                             - Français
                        

                            Belgium
                             - Nederlands
                        

                            Bolivia
                            
                        

                            Brasil (Brazil)
                            
                        

                            Bulgaria
                            
                        

                            Canada
                             - English
                        

                            Canada
                             - Français
                        

                            Česká republika (Czech Republic)
                            
                        

                            Chile
                            
                        

                            中华人民共和国 (China)
                            
                        

                            Colombia
                            
                        

                            Costa Rica
                            
                        

                            Србија (Serbia)
                            
                        

                            Danmark (Denmark)
                            
                        

                            Deutschland (Germany)
                            
                        

                            Ecuador
                            
                        

                            España (Spain)
                            
                        

                            Europe
                            
                        

                            France
                            
                        

                            Global
                            
                        

                            Ελλάδα (Greece)
                            
                        

                            Indian Subcontinent
                            
                        

                            Ireland
                            
                        

                            Israel  ישראל
                            
                        

                            Italia (Italy)
                            
                        

                            日本 (Japan)
                            
                        

                            Latinoamérica
                            
                        

                            Magyarország (Hungary)
                            
                        

                            México (Mexico)
                            
                        

                            Middle East and North Africa
                            
                        

                            Nederland (Netherlands)
                            
                        

                            Norge (Norway)
                            
                        

                            Österreich (Austria)
                            
                        

                            Panama
                            
                        

                            Paraguay
                            
                        

                            Perú (Peru)
                            
                        

                            Polska (Poland)
                            
                        

                            Portugal
                            
                        

                            Российская Федерация (Russia)
                            
                        

                            Puerto Rico
                            
                        

                            Romania
                            
                        

                            Schweiz (Switzerland)
                             - Deutsch
                        

                            Slovenská republika (Slovak Republic)
                            
                        

                            South Africa and Sub-Sahara
                            
                        

                            대한민국 (South Korea)
                            
                        

                            Southeast Asia
                            
                        

                            Suisse (Switzerland)
                             - Français
                        

                            Suomi (Finland)
                            
                        

                            Sverige (Sweden)
                            
                        

                            Türkiye (Turkey)
                            
                        

                            United Kingdom
                            
                        

                            United States
                            
                        

                            Uruguay
                            
                        

                            Venezuela
                            
                        

                            Україна (Ukraine)
                            
                        













































































 Menu
Close










 Search
Close




























Go



Advanced Search Tips

































Carol A. Surface
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer








Carol Surface joined Medtronic as Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer in September 2013. In her role, Carol leads Medtronic's human resources strategy for 85,000+ employees worldwide. She also provides leadership for Global Communications, Philanthropy and Community Affairs, and Global Health Initiatives. In these roles her key focus areas include enterprise talent management and succession planning, leadership development, diversity and inclusion, executive compensation, internal and external stakeholder engagement, reputation management, and community and health initiatives.
Prior to joining Medtronic, Carol served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at Best Buy Co., Inc., a leading provider of technology products, services and solutions. Carol also held a series of human resources leadership roles of increasing responsibility at PepsiCo, including serving as Chief Personnel Officer for PepsiCo International. She has lived and worked in Asia and the Middle East, as well as the United States. Carol also brings experience from other industries and businesses, including Kmart and Dow Chemical, where she completed an internship as a doctoral candidate.
Carol earned a Ph.D. in industrial/organizational psychology from Central Michigan University. She serves on the Board of Trustees for the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis and on the Greater MSP Board of Directors. She is on the Board of Directors for the Human Resources Policy Association, and is a member of The Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology, and The Conference Board Human Resources Council. Carol is also published in professional and academic journals, including Psychological Assessment and Advances in Developing Human Resources.









Related Links



                            Leadership



                            Company Information



                            About the new Medtronic



                            Facts and Stats














Print





Email






























var dataLayer = {"site":{"isProduction":true,"type":"desktop","id":"medtronic","language":"en","country":"US"},"page":{"audience":[{"level1":"ALL"}],"detail":"Carol Surface","type":"/apps/medtronic-com/templates/biographies","aemPath":"about/leadership/carol-surface","platform":"AEM","sourceCopy":"/content/medtronic-com/global/about/leadership/carol-surface","level2":"Leadership Team","level1":"About Medtronic"},"businessUnitTagSet":[{"level1":"Corporate","level2":"External Communications - PR"}],"event":{"name":[]},"promos":[],"product":[],"content":{},"filters":[],"search":{"keyword":"","results":0,"criteria":[],"pageType":"list"},"visitor":{"loginState":"anonymous","type":"","id":""},"form":{"condition":"","therapyType":"","country":""},"forms":[],"wol":{"destination":""},"horizontalNavigation":{"dropdown_clicked":"","dropdown_title":""},"cookieModalAcceptClick":"","globalDisclaimer":{"changedRegion":""}};
/* Tracks a click on Cookie popup's 'Accept' button. */
if($("#modalCookieAcceptbtn").length)
    cookieTracker();
/* Search Tracker */
if ($("#searchTracker").length) {
    searchTracker();
}

/* SM : Adding tracker for dynamic form : START */
    if(dynamicFormAnalytics && dynamicFormAnalytics.updateDataLayerOnInit){
        dynamicFormAnalytics.updateDataLayerOnInit();
    }
/* SM : Adding tracker for dynamic form : END */





Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Where is the product key for win8 on my surface pro. - Microsoft Community





































































By using this site you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.




Learn More


















                    Community
                









Sign in
















Search this site
Surface Pro
Surface

Search Community member







 







 Home 





                    Categories 






                            All Categories
                        





                                            Skype
                                        



                                            Mobile Devices
                                        



                                            MSN
                                        



                                            Surface
                                        



                                            Windows Insider Program
                                        



                                            Bing
                                        



                                            Office
                                        



                                            Outlook.com
                                        





                                            OneDrive
                                        



                                            Microsoft Health and Band
                                        



                                            Windows
                                        



                                            Windows Essentials
                                        



                                            Internet Explorer
                                        



                                            Music, Movies & TV
                                        



                                            Virus and Malware
                                        



                                            Community Participation Center
                                        









                    Participate 






                            How To Participate
                        





                                        Ask a Question
                                    



                                        Start a Discussion
                                    



                                        Discuss the Microsoft Community Site
                                    



                                        Meet Our Community Leaders
                                    



                                        Getting Started
                                    



                                        FAQ
                                    








Sign in
















                        Announcements: 1









July 17, 2017

Announcement:                                         New site design for Microsoft Community


In July, Microsoft will roll out the first of ongoing site improvements aimed to modernize Microsoft Community and help customers get the most out of their community experience.



During the roll out period, you may see the old or new site design depending on your location


We expect the roll out to finish by 31 July


Note: Past private message conversations will not move to the new site design. Please save any private messages you would like to keep.

 Learn more about the upcoming site improvements in 
this thread.

Thank you for being part of Microsoft Community!




















 















Question







Applies to

Surface
Surface Pro
Using Windows 8 Pro on Surface



                44048 views
            

            Where is the product key for win8 on my surface pro.
        







Wherelock

        asked on
        
April 4, 2013








because of a joke from my friend, I accidently changed the win 8 product key on my surface pro. of course I did not memorized the originl one. where can i find out the key come with my pro. in the box or manual of surface pro
ty



82 people had this question            









        Me Too
    




    Reply




    Subscribe







Abuse history














                        Answer
                    








Steven_B

        replied on
        
April 4, 2013




Microsoft




Accomplishments









            Greetings ZilongYu,


Sorry to hear about the joke your friend played on you. The Surface Pro has an OEM key on it. The only way to restore the key, is to do a Reset.


You can find the steps to do a 
reset here.


Thank you for posting,Steven B



6 people found this helpful            









        Helpful
    




    Solved my problem (12)




    Reply







Abuse history













                        Answer
                    








Barb Bowman

        replied on
        
January 10, 2015




MVP


Insider


Wiki Author



 MCC: Content Creator









 Most Recommended Discussion









 Completed Training









 Conversationalist









 Launch expert - Windows 10









 Wiki Master










Accomplishments











In reply to Orange2015's post on January 9, 2015
                                    







On Fri, 9 Jan 2015 17:48:18 +0000, Orange2015 wrote:
 
>>For clarification, we purchased a pallet of used tablets and laptops. So these having the same previous owner is unlikely. Is this a debugging key or something? If so, are we screwed? 

 
Impossible to say for sure but probably similar to the situation discussed at
http://www.surfaceforums.net/threads/activation-key-blocked.13167/

 
This is between you and the seller. Return the second hand tablets to the
seller. 
 
 
 
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
Barb
Windows Entertainment and Connected Home MVP 
My Blog - http://digitalmediaphile.com/
 
Please mark as answered if this answers your question
 
 
 


BarbMy Blog - http://digitalmediaphile.com/ MVP-Windows and Devices for ITWindows Insider MVP



Be the first person to mark this helpful            









        Helpful
    




    Solved my problem (0)




    Reply







Abuse history












                        Most Helpful Reply
                    





XK


xkhx

        replied on
        
July 29, 2015











In reply to TimothyMihulka's post on October 8, 2014
                                    







wmic path softwarelicensingservice get OA3xOriginalProductKey



26 people found this helpful            









        Helpful
    




    Solved my problem (46)




    Reply







Abuse history















All replies (63)












Close






 





                    Still have questions?
                



Ask the community


Ask our virtual agent





                    Related Content
                




Show more content like this
















 









