










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:27 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



19 Berkeley StreetLondon,  W1J 8EDUnited Kingdom










Key Executives for Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.


Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. Key Developments

Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C., Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Apr 18, 2016
Mar 18 16
Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C., Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Apr 18, 2016, at 11:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: offices of Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP located at 919 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 United States Agenda: To approve a plan of distribution adopted in accordance with the requirements of Rule 12b-1.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























N-2
1
p13-2163formn2.htm
SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C



As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on December 24, 2013
	Investment Company Act File No. 811-[
]
___________________________________________________________________________
U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
_____________________
FORM N-2
(Check appropriate box or boxes)
 
[X]	REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF
1940
[_]	Amendment No. ___
_____________________
SUSA
REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C.
 
(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in Charter)
 
c/o Susa
Fund Management LLP
19 Berkeley
Street, 5th Floor
London W1J 8ED, United Kingdom
(Address
of principal executive offices)
Registrant's
Telephone Number, including Area Code: +44 207 399 0960
_____________________
 
c/o National Corporate Research Ltd.
615 South DuPont Highway
Dover, DE 19901
(Name and address of agent for service)
Copy
to:
Kenneth
S. Gerstein, Esq.
Schulte
Roth & Zabel LLP
919 Third
Avenue
New York,
NY 10022
 
 
EXPLANATORY
NOTE
 
This Registration Statement of Susa
Registered Fund, L.L.C. (the "Registrant" or the "Company") has been filed by Registrant pursuant to Section
8(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act").


   
   

 
However, limited liability company interests
in the Registrant ("Interests") are not being registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"), since such Interests will be issued solely in private placement transactions that do not involve any "public offering"
within the meaning of Section 4(2) of, and/or Regulation D under, the Securities Act. Investments in the Registrant may only be
made by individuals or entities meeting the definition of an "accredited investor" in Regulation D under the Securities
Act and a "qualified client" within the meaning of Rule 205-3 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the
"Advisers Act"). This Registration Statement does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to
buy, any Interest in the Registrant.
 

 2 
   


 
 
CONTENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT
 
This Registration Statement contains the following documents:
 
Facing Sheet
 
Explanatory Note
 
Contents of Registration Statement
 
Part A
 
Part B
 
Part C
 
Signature Page
 
Exhibits
 
PART A
Responses to Items 1, 2, 3.2, 4, 5, 6
and 7 of Part A have been omitted pursuant to Paragraph 3 of Instruction G of the General Instructions to Form N-2.
ITEM 3. FEE TABLE.
This table describes the fees and expenses that you will pay if
you buy and hold Interests. Based on estimates of expenses for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014.
 
Investor Transaction Expenses


   Maximum Sales Load (as percentage of offering price) (1)
 
[3]%

 
Annual Expenses (as a percentage of net assets attributable to Interests):


   Advisory Fee (2)
 
[2]%

   Incentive Allocation (3)
                      [20]%
 

   Other Expenses (4)
 
[   ]%

Total Annual Expenses
 
[   ]%

_______________
(1) Investors purchasing Interests may
be charged sales commissions (sales load) of up to [3]% of the amounts transmitted in connection with their subscriptions (up to
[3.1]% of the amounts invested), in the sole discretion of their account executives.


 A-1 
   

 
(2) The Company will pay a management
fee (the "Management Fee"), which is a monthly asset-based management fee payable to Susa Fund Management LLP, the investment
adviser of the Company (the "Adviser"), computed at the annual rate of [2.00]% of the Company's net assets determined
as of the start of business on the first business day of each month, after adjustment for any subscriptions effective on such day.
(3) So long as the Adviser serves as
the investment adviser of the Company, the Adviser (or one of its affiliates designated by it) is entitled to be the Special Advisory
Member of the Company (the "Special Advisory Member") and holds a non-voting Special Advisory Member Interest in the
Company (the "Special Advisory Account"). In such capacity, the Special Advisory Member is entitled to receive an incentive
allocation (the "Incentive Allocation"), debited from the capital account of each Member as of the last day of each "allocation
period," of 20% of the amount by which any "allocated gain" during an "allocation period" exceeds the
positive balance in the Member's "loss recovery account." The Incentive Allocation is credited to the Special Advisory Account of the Special Advisory Member.
For purposes of calculating the Incentive Allocation, "allocated gain" means the excess of the balance
of a Member's capital account at the end of an "allocation period" (after giving effect to allocations other than the
Incentive Allocation, but before giving effect to repurchases of Interests by the Company or debits to the Member's capital account
to reflect any item not chargeable ratably to all Members), over the balance of the Member's capital account at the start of the
"allocation period." For purposes of determining allocations, including the Incentive Allocation, any taxes withheld
from the income of the Company or paid over by the Company and which are determined based on the status, action or inaction of
a Member will be deemed distributed to such Member. Consequently, any Incentive Allocation to be credited to the Special Advisory
Member is increased by a portion of the amount of any net unrealized appreciation, as well as net realized gains, allocable to
a Member.
(4) Because the Company is new, "Other
Expenses" are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year, assuming net assets of $[ ] million in the Company.
"Other Expenses" may be higher if net assets are less than $[ ] million.
The purpose of the
table above and the example below is to assist an investor in understanding the various costs and expenses that an investor in
the Company will bear directly or indirectly.


Example

1 Year
 

3 Years
 

5 Years
 

10 Years

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

You would pay the following expenses on a $1,000 investment in the Company, assuming a 5% annual return:
$[   ]
 
$[   ]
 
$[   ]
 
$[   ]

 
The example above
is based on the expenses set forth above and should not be considered a representation of future expenses. Actual expenses may
be higher or lower than those shown and the actual rate of return may be greater or less than the hypothetical 5% return assumed
in the examples.
ITEM 8. GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT.
The Company is
a closed-end, non-diversified, management investment company that was organized as a limited liability company under the laws
of the State of Delaware on November 21, 2013. Interests in the Company are being issued solely in private placement transactions
that do not involve any "public offering"

 A-2 
   


within the meaning of Section 4(2) of, and/or Regulation D under, the Securities
Act. Investments in the Company may be made only by "accredited investors," as defined in Regulation D under the Securities
Act, and by "qualified clients," as defined in Rule 205-3 under the Advisers Act. The relevant investor qualifications
for initial and subsequent subscriptions by investors will be set forth in a subscription agreement that must be completed by
each prospective investor. This Registration Statement does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to
buy, any "security" within the meaning of the Securities Act.
Investment Objective
and Practices
The Company's objective
is capital appreciation. In pursuing its investment objective, the Company seeks to maximize risk-adjusted absolute returns across
the business cycle, regardless of market conditions. The Adviser employs a value-oriented investment strategy that focuses on both
long and short positions in equity securities of European companies. The Company generally expects to maintain a net long exposure
(where the value of its long positions exceeds the value of its short positions), with exceptions during rare periods where the
Adviser believes a net short exposure is more appropriate based on its assessment of overall market conditions. The Company's performance
is expected to depend primarily on individual stock selection. General price movements in the market will also affect the Company's
investment performance.
Equity securities
purchased and sold by the Company may include common and preferred stocks, convertible securities, stock options (call and put
options), warrants and rights and other investments that possess equity characteristics. The Company is not subject to any restriction
as to the industry sector or market capitalization of companies in which it invests. Nevertheless, the Adviser considers industry
sector and market capitalization of companies in making its investment decisions for the Company to the extent that affects the
expected returns and risks of investments and the composition of the Company's investment portfolio.
The Company may
invest without limitation in securities of "European issuers," which, for these purposes, are companies that derive a
majority of their revenue or profits from European businesses, investments or sales, or that have a majority of their operations
or assets located in Europe. The Company's investments may also include investments in the securities of companies that
are located in, or conduct business in, emerging or less developed countries. These investments are typically subject to certain
risks to a much greater degree than investments in the securities of companies in developed countries. The Company may also invest
in the securities of other countries, including the U.S.
The Company may
also invest in debt securities and certain derivative instruments, such as options, swaps, forward contracts and options on stock
indices. Transactions in these types of securities may be used in seeking capital appreciation or for hedging purposes. The use
of these investment techniques and instruments involve certain risks.
The Company's investment
program may make frequent use of leverage for investment purposes, including to facilitate short sales of securities. Borrowings
and certain investment positions considered to be "senior securities" for purposes of the 1940 Act are subject to a
300% asset coverage requirement imposed by the 1940 Act. Other than this asset coverage requirement, there is no limitation on
the extent to which the Company may employ leverage in its investment program. Economic leverage obtained from the use of derivatives
may exceed the limitations of the 1940 Act that would apply to leverage obtained through borrowings (or the issuance of other
senior securities). The use of short sales and leverage are considered speculative investment practices and involve certain risks.
The use of leverage (including economic leverage) is monitored by the Adviser as part of its ongoing risk management process.

 A-3 
   


During periods of
adverse market conditions in the equity securities markets, the Company may invest all or a portion of its assets in high quality
debt securities or money market instruments, or hold its assets in cash. The Company also invests in money market instruments and
shares of money market funds for liquidity purposes.
In making investment
decisions for the Company, the Adviser uses fundamental investment analysis and in-depth research to identify attractive investment
opportunities. The Adviser's investment process involves a research driven, bottom-up analysis of a security's potential for appreciation
or depreciation, and includes consideration of the financial condition, earnings outlook, and strategy, management and industry
position of issuers. This analytical process involves the use of valuation models, review and analysis of published research and,
in some cases, discussions with industry experts and company visits. The Adviser also takes into account economic and market conditions.
The Company's investment
program emphasizes active management of the Company's portfolio. Consequently, the Company's portfolio turnover and brokerage commission
expenses may significantly exceed those of other registered investment companies and other investment entities of comparable size.
Additionally, a high portfolio turnover rate may also result in the greater realization of capital gains, including short-term
gains which are taxable to Members at the same rates as ordinary income. Nevertheless, the tax implications of the Company's active
trading style generally are not a factor in the management of the Company's portfolio.
Additional information
about the types of investments that are made by the Company, its investment practices and related risk factors is provided below.
Except as otherwise indicated, the Company's investment policies and restrictions are not fundamental and may be changed without
a vote of its Members.
Fundamental
Investment Restrictions:
The Company has
adopted the following six fundamental investment policies, which cannot be changed without the vote of a majority of the Company's
outstanding voting securities (as defined by the 1940 Act):

(1)The Company will not invest 25% or more of the value of its total assets in the securities (other
than U.S. Government Securities) of issuers engaged in any single industry.

(2)The Company will not issue senior securities representing stock, but may borrow money from banks,
brokers and other lenders, and may engage in transactions involving the issuance by the Company of "senior securities"
representing indebtedness, to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act.

(3)The Company will not underwrite securities of other issuers, except insofar as the Company may
be deemed an underwriter under the 1933 Act in connection with the disposition of its portfolio securities.


 A-4 
   


 

(4)The Company will not make loans of money or securities to other persons, except through purchasing
fixed-income securities, lending portfolio securities or entering into repurchase agreements in a manner consistent with the Company's
investment policies.

(5)The Company will not purchase or sell commodities or commodity contracts, but the Company may purchase
and sell foreign currency and enter into foreign currency forward contracts, and may engage in other transactions in financial
instruments, in each case to the extent permitted under the Company's investment policies as in effect from time to time.

(6)The Company will not purchase, hold or deal in real estate, but may invest in securities that are
secured by real estate or that are issued by companies that invest or deal in real estate.
Risk Factors:
General; Current
Market Conditions and Governmental Actions
All securities investments
risk the loss of capital. Investors may experience a significant decline in the value of their investment. Prospective investors
should invest only if they can sustain a complete loss of their investment. To the extent that the Company makes substantial investments
in securities of a single issuer or issuers in a single industry sector, the risk of any investment decision is increased. In addition,
the value of the Company's investments can be reduced by unsuccessful investment strategies, poor selection of equity securities,
poor economic growth, pronounced market volatility, and political, regulatory and legal developments. Investors could lose some
or all of their investment.
Business and Regulatory
Risks of Hedge Funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory
changes could occur during the term of the Company that may adversely affect the Company. The regulatory environment for hedge
funds is evolving, and changes in the regulation of hedge funds may adversely affect the value of investments held by the Company
and the ability of the Company to obtain the leverage they might otherwise obtain or to pursue their trading strategies. In addition,
the securities and futures markets are subject to comprehensive statutes, regulations and margin requirements. The Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), other regulators and self-regulatory organizations and exchanges are authorized to take
extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies. There has been an increase in governmental, as well as self-regulatory,
scrutiny of the alternative investment industry in general.
With the passage
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), there will be extensive rulemaking
and regulatory changes that will affect private fund managers, the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole.
Additionally, under the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC is expected to mandate new recordkeeping and reporting requirements for investment
advisers, which would add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of the Adviser and the Company and

 A-5 
   


increase
the amount of time that the Adviser spends on non-investment related activities. Until the SEC implements the new requirements,
it is unknown how burdensome such requirements will be. The Dodd-Frank Act will affect a broad range of market participants with
whom the Company interacts or may interact, including banks, non-bank financial institutions, rating agencies, mortgage brokers,
credit unions, insurance companies, payday lenders and broker-dealers. Regulatory changes that will affect other market participants
are likely to change the way in which the Adviser conducts business with its counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such
as the "Volker Rule" and the "Push-Out Provision," may change the landscape of the financial industry. Until
the implementation of such regulatory changes, it is difficult to anticipate the impact on the Adviser, the Board of Managers and
the Company. It may take years to understand the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on the financial industry as a whole, and therefore,
the continued uncertainty may make markets more volatile, and it may be more difficult for the Adviser to execute the investment
strategy of the Company.
This
Registration Statement does not address or anticipate every possible current or future regulation that may affect the
Adviser, the Company or their businesses. Such regulations may have a significant impact on the Members or the operations of
the Company, including, without limitation, restricting the types of investments the Company may make, preventing the Company
from exercising its voting rights with regard to certain financial instruments, requiring the Company to disclose the
identity of its investors or otherwise. The Board of Managers (in consultation with the Adviser) may cause the Company to be
subject to such regulations if it believes that an investment or business activity is in the Company's interest, even if
such regulations may have a detrimental effect on one or more Members. Prospective Members are encouraged to consult their
own advisors regarding an investment in the Company. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Company could
be substantial and adverse.
Nature of Investments;
Sector Concentration
The Adviser will have
broad discretion in making investments for the Company. Investments will generally consist of equity securities and other assets
that may be affected by business, financial market or legal uncertainties. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will correctly
evaluate the nature and magnitude of the various factors that could affect the value of and return on investments. Prices of investments
may be volatile, and a variety of factors that are inherently difficult to predict, such as domestic or international economic
and political developments, may significantly affect the results of the Company's activities and the value of its investments.
In addition, the value of the Company's portfolio (especially fixed income securities) may fluctuate as the general level of interest
rates fluctuates. Furthermore, in addition to market and economic conditions affecting the securities markets generally, the Company's
investments and its performance will be affected by risk factors particular to the specific sectors in which it invests.
Equity Securities
The success of the
Company's investment program may be affected by general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, availability of
credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, and national and international political circumstances. These
factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity of the Company's investments. Unexpected volatility
or illiquidity could impair the Company's profitability or result in losses.

 A-6 
   


A significant portion
of the Company's investment portfolio normally consists of long and short positions in common stocks and other equity securities.
The value of the Company's equity securities varies in response to many factors, including, but not limited to, the activities
and financial condition of individual companies, the business market in which individual companies compete and general market and
economic conditions.
The Company's investments
in equity securities may include securities that are listed on securities exchanges as well as unlisted securities that are traded
over-the-counter. Equity securities of companies traded over-the-counter may not be traded in the volumes typically found on a
national securities exchange. Consequently, the Company may be required to dispose of these securities over a longer (and potentially
less favorable) period of time than is required to dispose of the securities of exchange listed companies. There is no minimum
required market capitalization of the companies in which the Company may invest, and the Company may invest a portion of its assets
in securities of companies having smaller market capitalizations. Investments in companies with smaller market capitalizations
are generally riskier than investments in larger, well-established companies. Smaller companies often are more recently formed
than larger companies and may have limited or less diverse product lines, distribution channels and financial and managerial resources,
and narrower market penetration. There is often less publicly available information about these companies than there is for larger,
more established issuers, making it more difficult for the Adviser to analyze the value of the company. The equity securities of
smaller companies are often traded over-the-counter or on regional exchanges and may not be traded in the volume typical for securities
that are traded on a national securities exchange. Consequently, the Company may be required to sell these securities over a longer
period of time (and potentially at less favorable prices) than would be the case for securities of larger companies. In addition,
the prices of the securities of smaller companies may be more volatile than those of larger companies.
Bonds and Other
Fixed-Income Securities
The Company may invest
a portion of its assets in bonds and other fixed-income securities when, in the judgment of the Adviser (subject to any policies
established by the Board of Managers) such investments are warranted. In addition, the Company may invest without limit in high
quality fixed-income securities for temporary defensive purposes and to maintain liquidity. Fixed-income securities include, among
other securities: bonds, notes and debentures issued by corporations; debt securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government
or one of its agencies or instrumentalities ("U.S. Government Securities") or by a foreign government; municipal securities;
and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These securities may pay fixed, variable or floating rates of interest, and may
include zero coupon obligations. Fixed-income securities are subject to the risk of the issuer's inability to meet principal and
interest payments on its obligations (i.e., credit risk) and are subject to price volatility due to such factors as interest
rate sensitivity, market perception of the creditworthiness of the issuer and general market liquidity (i.e., market risk).
The Company may invest
in both investment grade and non-investment grade debt securities. Investment grade debt securities are securities that have received
a rating from at least one nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") in one of the four highest
rating categories or, if not rated by any NRSRO, have been determined by the Adviser to be of comparable quality. Non-investment
grade debt

 A-7 
   


securities (typically called "junk bonds") are securities that have received a rating from a NRSRO of below
investment grade or have been given no rating, and are considered by the NRSRO to be predominantly speculative with respect to
the issuer's capacity to pay interest and repay principal. Non-investment grade debt securities in the lowest rating categories
may involve a substantial risk of default or may be in default. Adverse changes in economic conditions or developments regarding
the individual issuer are more likely to cause price volatility and weaken the capacity of the issuers of non-investment grade
debt securities to make principal and interest payments than is the case for higher grade debt securities. An economic downturn
affecting an issuer of non-investment grade debt securities may result in an increased incidence of default. In addition, the market
for lower grade debt securities may be thinner and less active than for higher grade debt securities.
Limited Diversification
The Company is a "non-diversified"
investment company. Thus, there are no limitations on the percentage of the Company's assets that may be invested in the securities
of any one issuer. To the extent that a relatively high percentage of the Company's assets are invested in the securities of a
limited number of issuers within one or more sectors, the Company's investment portfolio will be more susceptible to risk of loss
from events affecting particular issuers, as well as from economic, political or regulatory events, than the portfolio of a diversified
investment company or an investment company not focused on investments in securities of issuers in those sectors. Any investment
in the Company, for this reason, may be subject to greater risk and volatility than if investments were made in the securities
of a broader range of issuers. The Company generally intends to invest no more than 20% of the value of its total assets (unleveraged
and measured at the time of purchase) in the securities of any one issuer.
The Company will not
invest 25% or more of the value of its total assets in the securities (other than U.S. Government Securities) of issuers engaged
in any single industry. However, it may invest 25% or more of its assets in securities of issuers engaged in related industries
within a particular sector, including industries related to identical products. Such related industries may be similarly affected
by a single economic, political or regulatory event or development affecting their common products.
Risk of Net-Long
Bias
The Company's portfolio
may operate with a "net-long bias," i.e., the dollar value of long positions in the portfolio exceed the dollar
value of short positions. As a result, in a declining equity market environment, operating with a net-long bias could subject the
Company's portfolio to more downside volatility than would be the case if the Company's portfolio had greater short exposure.
Foreign Securities;
Emerging Markets; Currency Risks
The Company will
invest a significant portion of its net assets in securities of foreign issuers and in depositary receipts that represent indirect
interests in securities of foreign issuers. Foreign securities in which the Company may invest may be listed on foreign securities
exchanges or traded in foreign over-the-counter

 A-8 
   


markets. The Adviser defines "foreign issuers" as companies that derive a majority
of their revenue or profits from foreign businesses, investments or sales, or that have a majority of their operations or assets
located outside of the U.S. Since there are companies that may be legally organized or have principal offices located in the U.S.
that derive a majority of their revenue or profits from foreign businesses, investments or sales, or that have a majority of their
operations or assets located outside the U.S., such companies are also considered to be "foreign issuers" for these purposes.
Investments in foreign
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present in the U.S. These factors include, but are not limited
to, the following: varying custody, brokerage and settlement practices; difficulty in pricing; less public information about issuers
of foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the issuance and trading of securities than in the U.S.;
the unavailability of financial information regarding the foreign issuer or the difficulty of interpreting financial information
prepared under foreign accounting standards; less liquidity and more volatility in foreign securities markets; the possibility
of expropriation or nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes on interest, dividends, capital gains or other
income; adverse political, social or diplomatic developments; limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of the Company
between different countries; difficulties in invoking legal process abroad and enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty
of assessing economic trends in foreign countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities may be unwilling to repay
principal and interest due, and may require that the conditions for payment be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also
involves higher brokerage and custodian expenses than does investment in U.S. securities.
Other risks of investing
in foreign securities include changes in currency exchange rates (in the case of securities that are not denominated in U.S. dollars)
and currency exchange control regulations or other foreign or U.S. laws or restrictions, or devaluations of foreign currencies.
A decline in the exchange rate would reduce the value of certain of the Company's foreign currency denominated portfolio securities
irrespective of the performance of the underlying investment. In addition, the Company may incur costs in connection with conversion
between various currencies. The foregoing risks may be greater in emerging industrialized and less developed countries.
Foreign Currency
Transactions
The Adviser may engage
in foreign currency transactions for a variety of purposes, including to fix, in U.S. dollars, the value of a security the Company
has agreed to buy or sell, between trade and settlement date, or to hedge the U.S. dollar value of securities the Company already
owns, particularly if the Adviser expects a decrease in the value of the currency in which the foreign security is denominated.
Foreign currency
transactions may involve, for example, the purchase of foreign currencies for U.S. dollars or the maintenance of short positions
in foreign currencies, which would involve the Company agreeing to exchange an amount of a currency it did not currently own for
another currency at a future date in anticipation of a decline in the value of the currency sold relative to the currency the
Company contracted to

 A-9 
   


receive in the exchange. The Adviser's success in these transactions will depend principally on its ability to predict accurately
the future exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. The frequency with which the Company may engage in such
foreign currency transactions will depend on the level of investment by the Company in such foreign securities.
The Company may enter
into forward currency exchange contracts ("forward contracts") for hedging purposes and non-hedging purposes to pursue
its investment objective. Forward contracts are transactions involving the Company's obligation to purchase or sell a specific
currency at a future date at a specified price. Forward contracts may be used by the Company for hedging purposes to protect against
uncertainty in the level of future foreign currency exchange rates, such as when the Company anticipates purchasing or selling
a foreign security. This technique would allow the Company to "lock in" the currency price of the security. Forward contracts
may also be used to attempt to protect the value of the Company's existing holdings of foreign securities. There may be, however,
imperfect correlation between the Company's foreign securities holdings and the forward contracts entered into with respect to
those holdings. Forward contracts may also be used for non-hedging purposes to pursue the Company's investment objective (subject
to any policies established by the Board of Managers), such as when the Adviser anticipates that particular foreign currencies
will appreciate or depreciate in value, even though securities denominated in those currencies are not then held in the Company's
investment portfolio. There is no requirement that the Company hedge all or any portion of its exposure to foreign currency risks.
Leverage
The Company may borrow
money to purchase securities, a practice known as "leverage," which involves certain risks. In this regard, the Company
may make margin purchases of securities, borrow money from banks and enter into reverse repurchase agreements. The Company may
also borrow money for temporary or emergency purposes or in connection with the repurchase of Interests.
Trading equity securities
on margin generally involves an initial cash requirement representing at least 50% of the underlying security's value with respect
to transactions in U.S. markets and varying (typically lower) percentages with respect to transactions in foreign markets. Borrowings
to purchase equity securities typically will be secured by the pledge of those securities. The financing of securities purchases
may also be effected through reverse repurchase agreements with banks, brokers and other financial institutions. This involves
the transfer by the Company of the underlying security to a counterparty in exchange for cash proceeds based on a percentage (which
can be as high as 95% to 100%) of the value of the debt instrument.
Although leverage
will increase investment return if the Company earns a greater return on the investments purchased with borrowed funds than it
pays for the use of those funds, the use of leverage will decrease investment return if the Company fails to earn as much on investments
purchased with borrowed funds as it pays for the use of those funds. The use of leverage will therefore magnify the volatility
of the value of the Company's investment portfolio. In the event that the Company's equity or debt instruments decline in value,
the Company could be subject to a "margin call" or "collateral call," pursuant to which the Company must either
deposit additional collateral with the lender or suffer mandatory liquidation of the pledged securities to

 A-10 
   


compensate for the decline
in value. In the event of a sudden, precipitous drop in value of the Company's assets, the Company might not be able to liquidate
assets quickly enough to pay off its borrowing. Money borrowed for leveraging will be subject to interest costs that may or may
not be recovered by return on the securities purchased. The Company also may be required to maintain minimum average balances in
connection with its borrowings or to pay a commitment or other fee to maintain a line of credit; either of these requirements would
increase the cost of borrowing over the stated interest rate.
The 1940 Act requires
the Company to satisfy an asset coverage requirement of 300% of its indebtedness, including amounts borrowed, measured at the time
the Company incurs the indebtedness (the "Asset Coverage Requirement"). This means that the value of the Company's total
indebtedness may not exceed one-third the value of its total assets (including such indebtedness), measured at the time the Company
incurs the indebtedness. The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of Investment Management (the "SEC
Staff") takes the position that short sales of securities, reverse repurchase agreements, use of margin, sales of put and
call options on specific securities or indices, investments in certain other types of instruments (including certain derivatives
such as swap agreements), and the purchase and sale of securities on a when-issued or forward commitment basis, may be deemed to
constitute indebtedness subject to the Asset Coverage Requirement.
The SEC Staff has
stated, however, that it will not deem a portfolio position involving these instruments to be subject to the Asset Coverage Requirement
if an investment company "covers" its position by segregating liquid securities on its books or in an account with its
custodian in amounts sufficient to offset the liability associated with the position. Generally, in conjunction with portfolio
positions that are deemed to constitute senior securities, the Company must: (1) observe the Asset Coverage Requirement; (2) maintain
daily a segregated account in cash or liquid securities at such a level that the amount segregated plus any amounts pledged to
a broker as collateral will equal the current value of the position; or (3) otherwise cover the portfolio position with offsetting
portfolio securities. Segregation of assets or covering portfolio positions with offsetting portfolio securities may limit the
Company's ability to otherwise invest those assets or dispose of those securities.
In order to obtain
"leveraged" market exposure in certain investments and to increase the overall return to the Company of various investments,
the Company may purchase options and other synthetic instruments that do not constitute "indebtedness" for purposes of
the Asset Coverage Requirement. These instruments may nevertheless involve significant economic leverage and therefore may, in
some cases, involve significant risks of loss.
Short Sales
The Company may attempt
to limit exposure to a possible market decline in the value of its portfolio securities through short sales of securities that
the Adviser (subject to any policies established by the Board of Managers) believes possess volatility characteristics similar
to those being hedged. In addition, the Company may use short sales for non-hedging purposes to pursue its investment objective.
For example, the Company may "short" a security of a company if the Adviser believes the security is over-valued in
relation to the issuer's prospects for earnings growth.

 A-11 
   


To effect a short
sale, the Company will borrow a security from a brokerage firm to make delivery to the buyer. The Company is then obligated to
replace the borrowed security by purchasing it at the market price at the time of replacement. The Company will realize a gain
if the borrowed security declines in price between the date of the short sale and the date on which the Company replaces the security.
The Company will incur a loss if the price of the borrowed security increases between those dates. This loss can increase rapidly
and without effective limit. The amount of any gain will be decreased, and the amount of any loss increased, by the amount of any
premium or interest the Company may be required to pay in connection with a short sale. There is a risk that the borrowed securities
would need to be returned to the brokerage firm on short notice. If a request for return of securities occurs at a time when other
short sellers of the subject security are receiving similar requests, a "short squeeze" can occur, and the Company might
be compelled, at the most disadvantageous time, to replace borrowed securities previously sold short with purchases on the open
market, possibly at prices significantly in excess of the price at which the securities were sold short. The successful use of
short selling may be adversely affected by imperfect correlation between movements in the price of the security sold short and
the securities being hedged. Short selling may exaggerate the volatility of the Company's investment portfolio. Short selling may
also produce higher than normal portfolio turnover and may result in increased transaction costs to the Company.
The Company may also
make short sales against-the-box, in which it sells short securities it owns or has the right to obtain without payment of additional
consideration. If the Company makes a short sale against-the-box, it will be required to set aside securities equivalent in kind
and amount to the securities sold short (or securities convertible or exchangeable into those securities) and will be required
to hold those securities while the short sale is outstanding. The Company will incur transaction costs, including interest expenses,
in connection with opening, maintaining and closing short sales against-the-box.
Incentive Allocation
The special allocation
of 20% of net profits to the Special Advisory Account of the Special Advisory Member (as defined below) may create an incentive
for the Adviser to cause the Company to make investments that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence
of the Incentive Allocation (defined below). In addition, because the allocation is calculated on a basis that includes unrealized
appreciation of the Company's assets, the Incentive Allocation may be greater than if it were based solely on realized gains.
The
overall amounts payable by the Company and its Members, which include the Management Fee and the Incentive Allocation, will be
higher than those paid by most other registered investment companies, but will be generally similar to those paid by many private
funds with similar investment policies. 
Limited Liquidity;
In-kind Distributions
An investment in
the Company provides only limited liquidity because Members are not able to redeem Interests on a daily basis. In addition, with
very limited exceptions, Interests are not transferable, and liquidity will be provided only through repurchase offers made from
time to time by the Company. The Adviser expects that it will recommend to the Board of Managers that the Company offer to repurchase
Interests from 

 A-12 
   


Members four times each year. However, there is no requirement that repurchase offers be made and it is possible
that any repurchase offer that is made will be over-subscribed, in which event the Company will purchase only a pro rata
portion of the Interest (or portion of an Interest) tendered by each Member. The Company will be dissolved if any Member has submitted
a written request to the Company for the repurchase of the Member's Interest and that Interest is not repurchased by the Company
within two years. A Member may thus not be able to liquidate an investment in the Company for a period of up to two years. An investment
in the Company is therefore suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with the limited liquidity of Interests,
and should be viewed as a long-term investment.
Payment for repurchased
Interests may require the Company to liquidate portfolio holdings earlier than the Adviser would otherwise liquidate these holdings,
potentially resulting in losses, and may increase the Company's portfolio turnover. The Adviser intends to take measures (subject
to such policies as may be established by the Board of Managers) to attempt to avoid or minimize potential losses and turnover
resulting from the repurchase of Interests.
The Company expects
generally to distribute cash to the holders of Interests that are repurchased. However, there can be no assurance that the Company
will have sufficient cash to pay for Interests that are being repurchased or that it will be able to liquidate investments at favorable
prices to pay for repurchased Interests. Although the Company does not generally intend to make distributions in kind, under the
foregoing circumstances, and in other unusual circumstances where the Board of Managers determines that making a cash payment would
result in a material adverse effect on the Company or on Members not tendering Interests for repurchase, Members may receive distributions
of marketable securities from the Company's portfolio (valued in accordance with the Company's valuation policies) in connection
with the repurchase of Interests by the Company. Any such distributions will be made on the same basis to all Members in connection
with any particular repurchase offer. In addition, a distribution may be made partly in cash and partly in kind. Members receiving
an in-kind distribution will incur costs, including commissions, in disposing of securities that they receive.
ITEM 9. MANAGEMENT


Item 9.1(a)
Board of Managers:  The Board of Managers of the Company has overall responsibility for the management and supervision of the operations of the Company, pursuant to the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, and approved the Company's investment program on [_______], 2014.  It exercises the same powers, authority and responsibility on behalf of the Company as are customarily exercised by the board of directors of a registered investment company organized as a corporation, and has complete and exclusive authority to oversee and to establish policies regarding the management, conduct and operation of the Company's business.

 


 A-13 
   


  
 



Item 9.1(b)
Investment Adviser:  The Adviser serves as the Company's investment adviser, pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement.  The Adviser was incorporated under the laws of England and Wales as a limited liability partnership on August 28, 2008 and is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act").  The Adviser provides investment advisory services to other private investment vehicles and client accounts.  The offices of the Adviser are located at 19 Berkeley Street, London W1J 8ED, United Kingdom and its telephone number is +44-20-7399-0960.




 
Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Adviser is responsible, subject to the supervision of the Board of Managers, for the management of the Company's investment portfolio in accordance with the investment objective and policies of the Company.  The Adviser formulates a continuing investment program for the Company.  It makes all decisions regarding investments to be purchased or sold for the Company (subject to the supervision of the Board of Managers) and places all orders for the purchase and sale of investments.  The Investment Advisory Agreement authorizes the Adviser to retain sub-advisers, subject to such approvals by the Board of Managers and by Members as are required by applicable law.

 
The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, in consideration of the services provided, the Company will pay a management fee (the "Management Fee"), which is a monthly asset-based management fee payable to the Adviser, computed at the annual rate of [2.00]% of the Company's net assets determined as of the start of business on the first business day of each month, after adjustment for any subscriptions effective on such day.  In addition, Members are also subject to the Incentive Allocation which is made to [                  ] (which serves as the Special Advisory Member (the "Special Advisory Member") of the Company solely for purposes of receiving the Incentive Allocation).

 
The Investment Advisory Agreement was approved by the Board of Managers, including a majority of the Independent Managers, at a meeting held in person on [     ] and also was approved on such date by [     ] as the sole Member on such date.  

 
The Investment Advisory Agreement has an initial term of two years and is terminable, without penalty, on 60 days' prior written notice: by the Board of Managers; by vote of a majority (as defined by the 1940 Act) of the outstanding voting securities of the Company; or by the Adviser.  The Investment Advisory Agreement may be continued from year to year thereafter if such continuance is approved annually by either the Board, including the separate vote of the Independent Managers, or the vote of a majority (as defined by the 1940 Act) of the outstanding voting securities of the Company; provided that in either event the continuance is also approved by a majority of the Independent Managers by vote cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on such approval.  The Investment Advisory Agreement also provides that it will terminate automatically in the event of its "assignment," as defined by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder.
 


 A-14 
   


  


 
The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, in the absence of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations to the Company, the Adviser and any member, director, officer or employee thereof, or any of their affiliates, executors, heirs, assigns, successors or other legal representative, will not be liable to the Company for any error of judgment, for any mistake of law or for any act or omission by such person in connection with the performance of services to the Company.  The Investment Advisory Agreement also provides for indemnification, to the fullest extent permitted by law, by the Company of the Adviser, or any member, director, officer or employee thereof, and any of their affiliates, executors, heirs, assigns, successors or other legal representatives, against any liability or expense to which such person may be liable that arise in connection with the performance of services to the Company, provided that the liability or expense is not incurred by reason of the person's willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its obligations to the Company.
 
The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that in consideration of the services provided by the Adviser, [                 ] is entitled to be the Special Advisory Member.  In this capacity, the Special Advisory Member is entitled to receive the Incentive Allocation.   The Incentive Allocation arrangement between the Company and the Adviser was approved as part of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as described above.  

Item 9.1(c)

Portfolio Management: Reza Amiri
        will be primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's portfolio. Set forth below is biographical information
        of the key personnel of the Adviser:
 

 
Reza Amiri

 

Reza Amiri is the Managing Partner and
        Chief Investment Officer of the Adviser. He was a Portfolio Manager of Citadel Investment Group (2005-2008) where he managed a
        generalist portfolio of fundamental value long/short equities in Europe. He was also a Senior Analyst at Bailey Coates Asset Management
        (2003-2005). He had joined the Perry Capital spin-off from inception and generated profitable longs/shorts for the core European
        portfolio. He was an Associate at Bain Capital (2000-2003, Boston and London) where he performed detailed business and financial
        due diligence and executed leveraged buyouts for an over US$5 billion investment fund and an Analyst, Mergers & Acquisitions,
        at Lazard Frères and Merrill Lynch (1997-2000, NYC). He received his B.A. from Princeton University.
 

 


 A-15 
   


 


 
Graeme White

 

Graeme White has been Chief Operating
        Officer of the Adviser since April 2013. Prior to joining the Adviser, between 2009 and 2012, Mr White was the Chief Operating
        Officer at Salute Capital Ltd, a UK hedge fund manager focused on a macro emerging market strategy.  From 2007 to 2009, prior
        to joining Salute Capital, Mr White was Chief Financial Officer of Copenhagen Capital LLP, a UK hedge fund manager focused on event-driven
        long-short equities strategies in Europe. From 1999 to 2007, Mr White served as Financial Controller, or in a similar capacity,
        at investment funds such as Ingenious Media PLC, Baltimore Capital PLC and Barclays Capital’s and Credit Suisse’s global
        fixed income teams and as accountant at Schroders plc. Mr White began his career at Ernst & Young and is a qualified Chartered
        Management Accountant. Mr White received a B.Sc. (Hons) from the University of Bradford in Business and Management Studies.
 

Item 9.1(d)
Administrator:  [         ] (the "Administrator") provides administration, accounting and investor services to the Company.  In consideration for these services, the Company pays [     ] a fee (the "Administrator Fee") that is not anticipated to exceed [   ]% (annualized) of the Company's net assets (as defined above), plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses.

Item 9.1(e)
Custodians:  [   ] serves as the primary custodian of the Company's assets, and may maintain custody of the Company's assets with domestic and foreign subcustodians (which may be banks, trust companies, securities depositories and clearing agencies), approved by the Board of Managers in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 17(f) of the 1940 Act and the rules adopted thereunder.  Assets of the Company are not held by the Adviser or commingled with the assets of other accounts other than to the extent that securities are held in the name of a custodian in a securities depository, clearing agency or omnibus customer account of a custodian.  [   ]'s principal business address is [   ].

Item 9.1(f)
Expenses:  The Company pays the Administrator the Administrator Fee, plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses.

 


 A-16 
   


 


 
The Company pays the Adviser the Management Fee, which is computed at the annual rate of [2.00]% of the Company's net assets.  In addition, the capital accounts of Members (except the Special Advisory Account) may be subject to an Incentive Allocation depending upon the investment performance of the Company.  

 
The Company bears all expenses incurred in connection with its business and operations other than those specifically required to be borne by the Adviser or the Administrator.  Expenses borne by the Company include, but are not limited to, the following:

 
•	all costs and expenses directly related to portfolio transactions and positions for the Company's account, including, but not limited to, brokerage commissions, research fees, interest and commitment fees on loans and debit balances, borrowing charges on securities sold short, dividends on securities sold but not yet purchased, custodial fees, margin fees, transfer taxes and premiums, taxes withheld on foreign dividends and indirect expenses from investments in investment funds;

 
•	all costs and expenses associated with the organization and registration of the Company, certain offering costs and the costs of compliance with any applicable Federal or state laws;

 
•	attorneys' fees and disbursements associated with updating the Company's Confidential Memorandum and subscription documents (the "Offering Materials");  the costs of printing the Offering Materials; the costs of distributing the Offering Materials to prospective investors; and attorneys' fees and disbursements associated with the review of subscription documents executed and delivered to the Company in connection with offerings of Interests;

 
•	the costs and expenses of holding meetings of  the Board of Managers and any meetings of Members;

 


 A-17 
   


 


 
•	fees and disbursements of any attorneys, accountants, auditors and other consultants and professionals engaged on behalf of the Company;

 
•	the Administrator Fee and the fees of custodians and other persons providing administrative services to the Company;

 
•	the costs of a fidelity bond and any liability insurance obtained on behalf of the Company or the Board of Managers;

 
•	all expenses of computing the Company's net asset value, including any equipment or services obtained for these purposes;

 
•	all charges for equipment or services used in communicating information regarding the Company's transactions among the Adviser and any custodian or other agent engaged by the Company; and

 
•	such other types of expenses as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Managers.

 
The Adviser is reimbursed by the Company for any of the above expenses that it pays on behalf of the Company.

Item 9.1(g)
Affiliated Brokerage:  The Company does not expect to pay any brokerage commissions to any broker that is an affiliated person of the Company, affiliated person of such person or affiliated person of an affiliated person of the Company, the Adviser or its principal underwriter.  However, if the Company were to pay any brokerage commissions to any such persons, these transactions would be effected pursuant to procedures adopted by the Company pursuant to Section 17(e) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17e-1 thereunder.  Among other things, Section 17(e) and those procedures provide that when acting as broker for the Company in connection with the sale of securities to or by the Company, none of the Company's affiliates may receive any compensation exceeding the following limits:  (1) if the sale is effected on a securities exchange, the compensation may not exceed the "usual and customary broker's commission" (as defined in Rule 17e-1 under the 1940 Act); (2) if the sale is effected in connection with a secondary distribution of securities, the compensation cannot exceed 2% of the sale price; and (3) the compensation for sales otherwise effected cannot exceed 1% of the sales price.  Rule 17e-1 defines a "usual and customary broker's commission" as one that is fair compared to the commission received by other brokers in connection with comparable transactions involving similar securities being purchased or sold on an exchange during a comparable period of time.   
 


 A-18 
   


 


Item 9.2
Non-resident
    Managers:  Although the Company is a Delaware limited liability company, certain of its Managers and officers ([Graeme
    White]) are non-residents of the United States and have all, or a substantial part, of their assets located outside the United
    States.  None of the Managers or officers has authorized an agent for service of process in the United States.  As
    a result, it may be difficult for U.S. investors to effect service of process upon such Managers and officers under the federal
    securities laws of the United States.

Item 9.3
Control Persons:  Not Applicable.

 
ITEM 10. CAPITAL STOCK, LONG-TERM DEBT, AND OTHER SECURITIES
ITEM 10.1. CAPITAL STOCK
The Company is organized
as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and intends to be classified as a partnership for Federal
tax purposes. An investor in the Company will be a Member and his or her rights in the Company will be established and governed
by the limited liability company agreement of the Company (the "LLC Agreement"). The following is a summary description
of certain provisions of the LLC Agreement. The description of such provisions is not definitive and reference should be made to
the complete text of the LLC Agreement.
The security purchased
by an Investor is an Interest, a limited liability company interest in the Company. Persons who purchase Interests will be Members.
The Adviser and its affiliates may contribute capital to and maintain an investment in the Company, and to that extent will be
Members of the Company. [ ] is the Special Advisory Member of the Company. In that regard, the Company has established a Special
Advisory Account solely for the purpose of receiving the Incentive Allocation. The Interest of the Special Advisory Member does
not participate in the income or gains of the Company, has no voting rights and has no right to a share of the assets of the Company
upon its liquidation, except to the extent that the Special Advisory Member has received or is entitled to receive the Incentive
Allocation credited to the Special Advisory Account and all or a portion of that allocation has not been withdrawn. The Special
Advisory Member may not make capital contributions to the Company as Special Advisory Member.
Under Delaware
law and the Company Agreement, each Member is liable for the debts and obligations of the Company only to the extent of any contributions
to the capital of the Company (plus any accretions in value thereto prior to withdrawal) and a Member, in the sole discretion
of the Board of Managers, may be obligated to return to the Company amounts distributed to the Member in accordance with the Company
Agreement in certain circumstances where after giving effect to the distribution, certain liabilities of the Company exceed the
fair market value of the Company's assets.

 A-19 
   


The Company Agreement
provides that a Manager shall not be liable to the Company or any of the Members for any loss or damage occasioned by any act or
omission in the performance of the Manager's services as such in the absence of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence
or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of the Manager's office. The Company Agreement also contains provisions
for the indemnification, to the extent permitted by law, of a Manager by the Company (but not by the Members individually) against
any liability and expense to which the Manager may be liable which arise in connection with the performance of the Manager's activities
on behalf of the Company. Managers shall not be personally liable to any Member for the repayment of any positive balance in the
Member's capital account or for contributions by the Member to the capital of the Company or by reason of any change in the Federal
or state income tax laws applicable to the Company or its investors. The rights of indemnification and exculpation provided under
the Company Agreement shall not be construed so as to provide for indemnification of a Manager for any liability (including liability
under Federal securities laws which, under certain circumstances, impose liability even on persons that act in good faith), to
the extent (but only to the extent) that such indemnification would be in violation of applicable law, but shall be construed so
as to effectuate the applicable provisions of the Company Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The Company Agreement
may generally be amended, in whole or in part, with the approval of the Board of Managers (including a majority of the Independent
Managers if required by the 1940 Act) and without the approval of the Members, unless the approval of Members is required by the
1940 Act. However, certain amendments to the Company Agreement involving capital accounts and allocations thereto may not be made
without the written consent of any Member adversely affected thereby or unless each Member has received written notice of the amendment
and any Member objecting to the amendment has been allowed a reasonable opportunity (pursuant to any procedures as may be prescribed
by the Board of Managers) to tender its entire Interest for repurchase by the Company. In addition, the Board of Managers may at
any time, without the consent of the other Members of the Company, amend the Company Agreement, among other things, to satisfy
the requirements or to reflect any relaxation of such requirements in the future of any applicable law or regulations.
By subscribing for
an Interest, each Member will appoint each of the Managers his or her attorney-in-fact for purposes of filing required certificates
and documents relating to the formation and maintenance of the Company as a limited liability company under Delaware law or signing
all instruments effecting authorized changes in the Company or the Company Agreement and conveyances and other instruments deemed
necessary to effect the dissolution or termination of the Company.
The power-of-attorney
granted as part of each Member's subscription agreement is a special power-of-attorney and is coupled with an interest in favor
of the Board of Managers and as such shall be irrevocable and will continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the subsequent
death or incapacity of any Member granting the power-of-attorney, and shall survive the delivery of a transfer by a Member of
all or any portion of an Interest, except that where the transferee thereof has been approved by the Board of Managers for admission
to the Company as a substitute Member, or upon the withdrawal of a Member from the Company pursuant to a periodic tender or otherwise
this power-of-attorney given by the transferor shall terminate.

 A-20 
   


The Company shall
be dissolved:
•	upon the
affirmative vote to dissolve the Company by: (1) the Board of Managers; or (2) Members holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of the
total number of votes eligible to be cast by all Members;
•	upon the
expiration of any two year period that commences on the date on which any Member has submitted a written notice to the Company
requesting to tender its entire Interest for repurchase by the Company if that Interest has not been repurchased by the Company;
•	upon the
failure of Members to elect successor Managers at a meeting called by the Adviser when no Manager remains to continue the business
of the Company; or
•	as required
by operation of law.
Upon the occurrence
of any event of dissolution, the Board of Managers (or another liquidator, if the Board of Managers is unable to perform this function),
are charged with winding up the affairs of the Company and liquidating its assets. Net profits or net losses during the fiscal
period including the period of liquidation will be allocated as described in the section titled "Capital Accounts and Allocations
– Allocation of Net Profits and Net Losses."
Upon the liquidation
of the Company, its assets are to be distributed (1) first to satisfy the debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company (other
than debts to Members) including actual or anticipated liquidation expenses, (2) next to repay debts owing to the Members, and
(3) finally to the Members proportionately in accordance with the balances in their respective capital accounts. Assets may be
distributed in kind on a pro rata basis if the Board of Managers or liquidator determines that the distribution of assets in kind
would be in the interests of the Members in facilitating an orderly liquidation.
ITEM 10.2. LONG-TERM
DEBT.
Not applicable.
ITEM 10.3. GENERAL.
Not applicable.
ITEM 10.4. TAXES.
The following is
a summary of certain aspects of the income taxation of the Company and its Members which should be considered by a prospective
Member. The Company has not sought a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "Service") or any other Federal,
state or local agency with respect to any of the tax issues affecting the Company, nor has it obtained an opinion of counsel with
respect to any Federal tax issues other than the characterization of the Company as a partnership for Federal tax purposes.

 A-21 
   


This summary of certain
aspects of the Federal income tax treatment of the Company is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"),
judicial decisions, Treasury Regulations (the "Regulations") and rulings in existence on the date hereof, all of which
are subject to change. This summary does not discuss the impact of various proposals to amend the Code which could change certain
of the tax consequences of an investment in the Company. This summary also does not discuss all of the tax consequences that may
be relevant to a particular investor or to certain investors subject to special treatment under the Federal income tax laws, such
as insurance companies.
EACH PROSPECTIVE MEMBER
SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR IN ORDER TO FULLY UNDERSTAND THE FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE COMPANY.
In addition to the
particular matters set forth in this section, tax-exempt organizations should review carefully those sections of the Confidential
Memorandum regarding liquidity and other financial matters to ascertain whether the investment objectives of the Company are consistent
with their overall investment plans. Each prospective tax-exempt Member is urged to consult its own counsel regarding the acquisition
of Interests.
Tax Treatment of Company Operations
Classification
of the Company. The Company will receive an opinion of Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP, counsel to the Company, that under the
provisions of the Code and the Regulations, as in effect on the date of the opinion, as well as under the relevant authority interpreting
the Code and the Regulations, and based upon certain representations of the Board of Managers, the Company will be classified as
a partnership for Federal tax purposes and not as an association taxable as a corporation.
Under Section 7704
of the Code, "publicly traded partnerships" are generally treated as corporations for Federal tax purposes. A publicly
traded partnership is any partnership the interests in which are traded on an established securities market or which are readily
tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). Interests in the Company will not be traded on an established
securities market. Regulations concerning the classification of partnerships as publicly traded partnerships (the "Section 7704
Regulations") provide certain safe harbors under which interests in a partnership will not be considered readily tradable
on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). The Company may not be eligible for any of those safe harbors.
In particular, it will not qualify under the private placement safe harbor set forth in the Section 7704 Regulations if the Company
has more than 100 Members.

 A-22 
   


The Section 7704 Regulations
specifically provide that the fact that a partnership does not qualify for the safe harbors is disregarded for purposes of determining
whether interests in a partnership are readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent thereof). Rather,
in this event the partnership's status is examined under a general facts and circumstances test. Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP also
will render its opinion that, under this "facts and circumstances" test, and based upon the anticipated operations of
the Company as well as the legislative history to Section 7704, the text of the Section 7704 Regulations and certain representations
of the Board of Managers, the Interests in the Company will not be readily tradable on a secondary market (or the substantial equivalent
thereof) and, therefore, that the Company will not be treated as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation.
Neither of the opinions
of counsel described above, however, is binding on the Service or the courts. If it were determined that the Company should be
treated as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for Federal tax purposes (as a result of a
successful challenge to such opinions by the Service, changes in the Code, the Regulations or judicial interpretations thereof,
a material adverse change in facts or otherwise), the taxable income of the Company would be subject to corporate income tax when
recognized by the Company; distributions of such income, other than in certain redemptions of Interests, would be treated as dividend
income when received by the Members to the extent of the current or accumulated earnings and profits of the Company; and Members
would not be entitled to report profits or losses realized by the Company.
As a partnership,
the Company is not itself subject to Federal income tax. The Company files an annual partnership information return with the Service
which reports the results of operations. Each Member is required to report separately on its income tax return its distributive
share of the Company's net long-term capital gain or loss, net short-term capital gain or loss and all other items of ordinary
income or loss. Each Member is taxed on its distributive share of the Company's taxable income and gain regardless of whether it
has received or will receive a distribution from the Company.
Allocation of
Profits and Losses. Under the Company Agreement, the Company's net capital appreciation or net capital depreciation for each
accounting period is allocated among the Members and to their capital accounts without regard to the amount of income or loss
actually recognized by the Company for Federal income tax purposes. The Company Agreement provides that items of income, deduction,
gain, loss or credit actually recognized by the Company for each fiscal year generally are to be allocated for income tax purposes
among the Members pursuant to the principles of Regulations issued under Sections 704(b) and 704(c) of the Code, based upon amounts
of the Company's net capital appreciation or net capital depreciation allocated to each Member's capital account for the current
and prior fiscal years. There can be no assurance however, that the particular methodology of allocations used by the Company
will be accepted by the Service. If such allocations are successfully challenged by the Service, the allocation of the Company's
tax items among the Members may be affected.

 A-23 
   


Under the Company
Agreement, the Board of Managers has the discretion to allocate specially an amount of the Company's ordinary income and/or capital
gain (including short-term capital gain) and deductions, ordinary loss, and/or capital loss (including long-term capital loss)
for Federal income tax purposes to the Special Advisory Member and to a withdrawing Member to the extent that the Member's capital
account exceeds, or is less than, as the case may be, its Federal income tax basis in its Interest. There can be no assurance that,
if the Board of Managers makes any such special allocations, the Service will accept such allocations. If such allocations are
successfully challenged by the Service, the Company's tax items allocable to the remaining Members would be affected.
ITEM 10.5. OUTSTANDING SECURITIES.
On or after the date of filing of this
Registration Statement, the Interests will be issued to Members of the Company.
ITEM 10.6. SECURITIES RATINGS.
Not applicable.
ITEM 11. DEFAULTS AND ARREARS ON SENIOR SECURITIES.
Not applicable.
ITEM 12. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
None.
ITEM 13. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.
Not applicable.
 

 A-24 
   

 
PART B
Part B of this Registration Statement
should be read in conjunction with Part A. Capitalized terms used in this Part B and not otherwise defined have the meanings given
them in Part A of this Registration Statement.
ITEM 14. COVER PAGE.
Not applicable.
ITEM 15. TABLE OF CONTENTS.
Not applicable.
ITEM 16. GENERAL INFORMATION AND HISTORY.
Not applicable.
ITEM 17. INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES.
Part A contains
basic information about the investment objective, policies and limitations of the Company. This Part B supplements the discussion
in Part A of the investment objective, policies, and limitations of the Company.
Common Stocks 
Common stocks are
shares of a corporation or other entity that entitle the holder to a pro rata share of the profits, if any, of the entity without
preference over any other shareholder or claim of shareholders, after making required payments to holders of the entity's preferred
stock and other senior equity. Common stock usually carries with it the right to vote and frequently an exclusive right to do so.
Preferred Stock

Preferred stock
generally has a preference as to dividends, and upon the event of liquidation, over an issuer's common stock, but it ranks junior
to debt securities in an issuer's capital structure. Preferred stock generally pays dividends in cash (or additional shares of
preferred stock) at a defined rate, but unlike interest payments on debt securities, preferred stock dividends are payable only
if declared by the issuer's board of directors. Dividends on preferred stock may be cumulative, meaning that, in the event the
issuer fails to make one or more dividend payments on the preferred stock, no dividends may be paid on the issuer's common stock
until all unpaid preferred stock dividends have been paid. Preferred stock may also be subject to optional or mandatory redemption
provisions.
 

 B-1 
   


Convertible Securities

Convertible securities
are bonds, debentures, notes, preferred stocks or other securities that may be converted into or exchanged for a specified amount
of common stock of the same or different issuer within a particular period of time at a specified price or formula. A convertible
security entitles the holder to receive interest that is generally paid or accrued on debt or a dividend that is paid or accrued
on preferred stock until the convertible security matures or is redeemed, converted or exchanged. Convertible securities have unique
investment characteristics, in that they generally (1) have higher yields than common stocks, but lower yields than comparable
non-convertible securities, (2) are less subject to fluctuation in value than the underlying common stock due to their fixed-income
characteristics and (3) provide the potential for capital appreciation if the market price of the underlying common stock
increases.
The value of a convertible
security is a function of its "investment value" (determined by its yield in comparison with the yields of other securities
of comparable maturity and quality that do not have a conversion privilege) and its "conversion value" (the security's
worth, at market value, if converted into the underlying common stock). The investment value of a convertible security is influenced
by changes in interest rates, with investment value declining as interest rates increase and increasing as interest rates decline.
The credit standing of the issuer and other factors may also have an effect on the convertible security's investment value. The
conversion value of a convertible security is determined by the market price of the underlying common stock. If the conversion
value is low relative to the investment value, the price of the convertible security is governed principally by its investment
value. Generally, the conversion value decreases as the convertible security approaches maturity. To the extent the market price
of the underlying common stock approaches or exceeds the conversion price, the price of the convertible security will be increasingly
influenced by its conversion value. A convertible security generally will sell at a premium over its conversion value by the extent
to which investors place value on the right to acquire the underlying common stock while holding a fixed-income security.
A convertible security
may be subject to redemption at the option of the issuer at a price established in the convertible security's governing instrument.
If a convertible security held by the Company is called for redemption, the Company will be required to permit the issuer to redeem
the security, convert it into the underlying common stock or sell it to a third party. Any of these actions could have an adverse
effect on the Company's ability to achieve its investment objective.
Repurchase Agreements
Repurchase agreements
are agreements under which the Company purchases securities from a bank that is a member
of the Federal Reserve System, a foreign bank or a securities dealer that agrees to repurchase the securities from the
Company at a higher price on a designated future date. If the seller under a repurchase agreement becomes insolvent or otherwise
fails to repurchase the securities, the Company would have the right to sell the securities. This right, however, may be restricted,
or the value of the securities may 

 B-2 
   


decline before the securities can be liquidated. In the event of the commencement of bankruptcy
or insolvency proceedings with respect to the seller of the securities before the repurchase of the securities under a repurchase
agreement is accomplished, the Company may encounter a delay and incur costs, including a decline in the value of the securities,
before being able to sell the securities. Repurchase agreements that are subject to foreign law may not enjoy protections comparable
to those provided to certain repurchase agreements under U.S. bankruptcy law, and they therefore may involve greater risks. The
Company has adopted specific policies designed to minimize certain of the risks of loss from its use of repurchase agreements,
which may include counterparty risks, similar to those described below (See "Counterparty Risks").
Reverse Repurchase Agreements
Reverse repurchase
agreements involve the Company's sale of a security to a bank or securities dealer and the Company's simultaneous agreement to
repurchase that security for a fixed price (reflecting a market rate of interest) on a specific date. These transactions involve
a risk that the other party to a reverse repurchase agreement will be unable or unwilling to complete the transaction as scheduled,
which may result in losses to the Company. Reverse repurchase transactions are a form of leverage that may increase the volatility
of the Company's investment portfolio. The Company has adopted policies designed to minimize certain of the risks of loss associated
with reverse repurchase transactions.
Purchasing Initial Public Offerings
The Company may purchase
securities of companies in initial public offerings or shortly thereafter. Special risks associated with these securities may include
a limited number of shares available for trading, unseasoned trading, lack of investor knowledge of the issuer, and limited operating
history. These factors may contribute to substantial price volatility for the shares of these companies. The limited number of
shares available for trading in some initial public offerings may make it more difficult for the Company to buy or sell significant
amounts of shares without an unfavorable impact on prevailing market prices. In addition, some companies in initial public offerings
are involved in relatively new industries or lines of business, which may not be widely understood by investors. Some of these
companies may be undercapitalized or regarded as developmental stage companies, without revenues or operating income, or the near-term
prospects of achieving them.
Special Investment Instruments and Techniques
The Company may utilize
a variety of special investment instruments and techniques (described below) to hedge
its investment portfolio against various risks (such as changes in interest rates or other factors that affect security values)
or for non-hedging purposes to pursue the Company's investment objective. These strategies may be executed through derivative transactions.
The instruments the Company may use and the


 B-3 
   


particular manner in which they may be used may change over time as new instruments
and techniques are developed or regulatory changes occur. Certain of the special investment instruments and techniques that the
Company may use are speculative and involve a high degree of risk, particularly in the context of non-hedging transactions to pursue
the Company's investment objective. There is no requirement that the Company hedge its portfolio or any of its investment positions.
Call and Put
Options on Individual Securities. The Company may purchase call and put options in
respect of specific securities, and may write and sell covered or uncovered call and put options for hedging purposes and non-hedging
purposes to pursue its investment objective. A put option gives the purchaser of the option the right to sell, and obligates the
writer to buy, the underlying security at a stated exercise price at any time prior to the expiration of the option. Similarly,
a call option gives the purchaser of the option the right to buy, and obligates the writer to sell, the underlying security at
a stated exercise price at any time prior to the expiration of the option.
A
covered call option written by the Company is a call option with respect to which the Company owns the underlying security. The
sale of such an option exposes the Company during the term of the option to possible loss of opportunity to realize appreciation
in the market price of the underlying security or to possible continued holding of a security that might otherwise have been sold
to protect against depreciation in the market price of the security. A covered put option written by the Company is a put option
with respect to which cash or liquid securities have been placed in a segregated account on the Company's books or with the Company's
custodian to fulfill the obligation undertaken. The sale of such an option exposes the Company during the term of the option to
a decline in price of the underlying security while depriving the Company of the opportunity to invest the segregated assets.
The
Company may close out a position when writing options by purchasing an option on the same security with the same exercise price
and expiration date as the option that it has previously written on the security. The Company will realize a profit or loss if
the amount paid to purchase an option is less or more, as the case may be, than the amount received from the sale thereof. To close
out a position as a purchaser of an option, the Company would ordinarily make a similar "closing sale transaction," which
involves liquidating the Company's position by selling the option previously purchased, although the Company would be entitled
to exercise the option should it deem it advantageous to do so. The Company may also invest in so-called "synthetic"
options or other derivative instruments written by broker-dealers.
Options transactions
may be effected on securities exchanges or in the over-the-counter market. When options are purchased over-the-counter, the Company
bears the risk that the counterparty that wrote the option will be unable or unwilling to perform its obligations under the option
contract. These options may also be illiquid and, in such cases, the Company may have difficulty closing out its position. Over-the-counter
options purchased and sold by the Company may also include options on baskets of specific securities.

 B-4 
   


Warrants and
Rights. Warrants are derivative instruments that permit, but do not obligate, the holder to subscribe for other securities
or commodities. Rights are similar to warrants, but normally have a shorter duration and are offered or distributed to shareholders
of a company. Warrants and rights do not carry with them the right to dividends or voting rights with respect to the securities
that they entitle the holder to purchase, and they do not represent any rights in the assets of the issuer. As a result, warrants
and rights may be considered more speculative than certain other types of equity-like securities. In addition, the values of warrants
and rights do not necessarily change with the value of the underlying securities or commodities and these instruments cease to
have value if they are not exercised prior to their expiration dates.
Call and Put
Options on Securities Indices. The Company may purchase and sell call and put options
on stock indices (such as the Standard & Poor's 100 Index) listed on national securities exchanges or traded in the over-the-counter
market for hedging purposes and non-hedging purposes to pursue its investment objective. A stock index fluctuates with changes
in the market values of the stocks included in the index. The effectiveness of purchasing or writing stock index options for hedging
purposes will depend upon the extent to which price movements in the Company's portfolio correlate with price movements of the
stock index selected. Because the value of an index option depends upon movements in the level of the index rather than the price
of a particular stock, whether the Company will realize a gain or loss from the purchase or writing of options on an index depends
upon movements in the level of stock prices in the stock market generally or, in the case of certain indexes, in an industry or
market segment, rather than movements in the price of a particular stock. Accordingly, successful use by the Company of options
on stock indexes will be subject to the Adviser's ability to predict correctly movements in the direction of the stock market generally
or of a particular industry or market segment. This requires different skills and techniques than predicting changes in the price
of individual stocks.
Additional Derivative
Transactions. The Company may take advantage of opportunities in the area of swaps,
options on various underlying instruments, swaptions and certain other customized derivative instruments. 
A
swap is a contract under which two parties agree to make periodic payments to each other based on specified interest rates, an
index or the value of some other instrument, applied to a stated, or "notional," amount.  Swaps generally can be
classified as interest rate swaps, currency swaps, commodity swaps or equity swaps, depending on the type of index or instrument
used to calculate the payments.  Such swaps would increase or decrease the Company's investment exposure to the particular
interest rate, currency, commodity or equity involved.  
The
Company may engage in swap transactions for single issuer equity replacement. Such transactions are undertaken to provide the
Company with exposure to a single security without having to receive exposure to a broader index in which such security may be
found. Some of these securities are located in foreign markets where the Company may not otherwise be able to purchase the foreign
security directly. Notwithstanding the fact that the Company will not directly hold the foreign security, many of the risks associated
with investments in foreign securities (as described more fully under "—Foreign Securities" above) may apply to
swaps for such securities.

 B-5 
   


Certain
equity placement swaps in which the Company engages have the effect of providing economic leveraging of the Company's assets. Such
leverage can be significant. As such, the impact of an adverse change in the Company's exposure may result in losses greater than
the nominal value of the swap, which can be significant under certain circumstances.
The
Company does not currently use derivatives to gain exposure to broad indices, but uses standard put options on broad indices for
hedging purposes. The risks of such put options are described more fully under "—Special Investment Instruments and
Techniques – Call and Put Options on Securities Indices," above.
In
addition, the Company may take advantage of opportunities with respect to certain other derivative instruments that are not presently
contemplated for use by the Company or that are currently not available, but which may be developed, to the extent such opportunities
are both consistent with the Company's investment objective and legally permissible for the Company.  Special risks may apply
to instruments that are invested in by the Company in the future, which risks cannot be determined at this time or until such instruments
are developed or invested in by the Company.
Although
not generally used by the Company at present, a swaption is an option entitling one party to enter into a swap agreement with the
counterparty.  In addition to swaps and swaptions, the Company may become a party to various other customized derivative instruments
entitling the counterparty to certain payments on the gain or loss on the value of an underlying or referenced instrument. 

Swaps,
options and other derivative instruments may be subject to various types of risks, including market risk, liquidity risk, counterparty
credit risk, legal risk and operations risk, each of which is described more fully herein under "Types of Investments and
Related Risk Factors" and "Additional Risk Factors" below.  In addition, as noted above, derivatives can involve
significant economic leverage and may, in some cases, involve significant risks of loss.
Lending Portfolio
Securities
The
Company may lend its portfolio securities to domestic and foreign brokers, dealers and financial institutions. These loans will
be secured by collateral (consisting of cash, U.S. Government Securities or irrevocable letters of credit) maintained in an amount
equal to at least 100% of the market value, determined daily, of the loaned securities. The Company may at any time call the loan
and obtain the return of the securities loaned. The Company will be entitled to payments equal to the interest and dividends on
the loaned security and may receive a premium for lending the securities. Lending portfolio securities may result in income to
the Company, but there may be delays in the recovery of the loaned securities or a loss of rights in the collateral supplied should
the borrower fail financially. Securities lending involves a form of leverage, and the Company may incur a loss if securities
purchased with the collateral from securities loans decline in value.

 B-6 
   


When-Issued and Forward Commitment Securities
The Company may purchase
securities on a "when-issued" basis and may purchase or sell securities on a "forward commitment" basis in
order to hedge against anticipated changes in interest rates and prices. These transactions involve a commitment by the Company
to purchase or sell securities at a future date (ordinarily one or two months later).
The price of the underlying securities, which is generally expressed in terms of yield, is fixed at the time the commitment is
made, but delivery and payment for the securities takes place at a later date. No income accrues on securities that have been purchased
pursuant to a forward commitment or on a when-issued basis prior to delivery to the Company. When-issued securities and forward
commitments may be sold prior to the settlement date. If the Company disposes of the right to acquire a when-issued security prior
to its acquisition or disposes of its right to deliver or receive against a forward commitment, it may incur a gain or loss. These
transactions will be subject to the Company's limitation on indebtedness unless, at the time the Company enters into such a transaction,
a segregated account consisting of cash, U.S. Government Securities or liquid securities equal to the value of the when-issued
or forward commitment securities is established and maintained. There is a risk that securities purchased on a when-issued basis
may not be delivered and that the purchaser of securities sold by the Company on a forward basis will not honor its purchase obligation.
In these cases, the Company may incur a loss.
Counterparty Risks
Counterparty
and Service Provider Relationships. The Company has established relationships to obtain brokerage, prime brokerage, custody
and banking services, financing and derivative intermediation and to act as counterparty to derivative transactions; however, there
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to maintain such relationships or establish others. An inability to establish
or maintain such relationships would limit the Company's trading activities and prevent the Company from trading at optimal rates
and terms, could create losses, preclude the Company from engaging in certain transactions, concentrate the holdings of the assets
of the Company with a limited number of counterparties and limit the availability of financing to the Company. Moreover, a disruption
in the services provided by any such relationships before the Company is able to establish additional relationships (which may
not be successful) could have a significant impact on the Company's business due to the Company's reliance on such counterparties.
Creditworthiness
of Prime Brokers and Other Service Providers. The Company has established relationships with broker-dealers, banks and
their affiliates (both in the U.S. and outside the U.S.) for the provision of services, including holding and maintaining the
funds, securities, commodity interests and other property of the Company, and the clearance of the Company's securities transactions.
The Company has entered into prime brokerage relationships with several financial institutions that provide clearing, financing,
settlement and other related services to the Company. These arrangements can cover securities, loans, derivatives, options and
futures, foreign exchange and securities lending transactions and usually involve the provision of financing to the Company. The
Company's assets held by a prime broker that is providing financing generally will be secured in favor of that prime broker and
its affiliates.

 B-7 
   


Although
the Company generally engages U.S. broker-dealers as its prime brokers, the prime brokerage arrangements will include contractual
relationships within a prime broker's group of affiliates, some of which may be located outside of the United States. However,
the Company's prime brokerage arrangements will allow for transfer of the Company's assets to the prime broker's affiliates and
also to sub-custodians which may be located in various jurisdictions, including jurisdictions outside the United States. These
entities may hold securities, commodities, cash, collateral or other assets of the Company in such jurisdictions as may be necessary
to facilitate the provision of the services to the Company. The agreements with the financial institutions are also complex and
generally include cross-collateral, netting and cross-default provisions to protect the financial institution from the failure
of the Company to meet its obligations under a variety of agreements. Bankruptcy laws and other laws and regulations relating to
the protection of assets of the Company held by the financial institution vary substantially by jurisdiction, type of legal entity,
and are very complex and uncertain and can involve the risk of loss or inability to access any or all of the assets of the Company
held by a financial institution that becomes subject to the bankruptcy or insolvency regime. Company assets may be held with U.S.
broker-dealers or U.S. or non-U.S. banks or their affiliates and the risks associated with assets held at each of these various
institutions may differ substantially. While there are various laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that may provide some
protection to customers of brokerage firms and commercial banks in the event of their insolvency, these protections are not uniform
across jurisdictions and it is not always clear when such protections may apply. The effect of these laws and their application
to the Company's assets are subject to substantial limitations and uncertainties, particularly in the event of insolvency or other
similar events.
Even
in countries where applicable law provides protection to assets of clients, such protections may not adequately protect the Company
from risk of loss. For example, while U.S. rules and regulations applicable to broker-dealers are designed to protect client assets
(including the Company's assets), it is possible that, if one of the Company's brokers were to become insolvent, the assets of
the Company held at such broker could be at risk. While U.S. broker-dealers are required to segregate client assets from their
proprietary assets and are required to hold specified amounts of capital in reserve, client assets are normally held in pooled
client accounts for the benefit of all clients. Additionally, the broker may be able to transfer client assets out of such client
accounts or use such assets (including cash) in the ordinary course of its business. The Company could experience losses if the
clients' claims exceed the amount of client assets such brokers actually held at the time of the insolvency. With respect to U.S.
broker-dealers, in the event client claims are greater than client property, the clients' remaining claims may be satisfied, along
with all general unsecured claims, from the broker's non-customer assets (including its regulatory capital). In addition, while
the return of client property is designed to occur on an expedited basis (usually by transfer of the accounts to a solvent broker),
there exists the risk of delay in, or inability to make, such a return or transfer, in whole or in part, by the insolvent broker.
Furthermore, the Company may be unable to trade such securities or other property held by the insolvent broker during this transfer
period or during a pending insolvency proceeding. Such a situation would create the possibility of a substantial loss to the Company
with respect to its assets held at such broker. Since the amount and type of property ultimately received by the Company may remain
indeterminate until actually returned, or upon resolution of any insolvency proceeding, as applicable, the Company may be unable
to adequately hedge its positions in such property. 

 B-8 
   


In
light of the extensive, and sometimes complex, financing and trading arrangements that the Company has with its prime brokers,
the Company faces the risks, among other things, that the assets of the Company might be transferred out of its accounts or might
be in accounts which do not benefit from client asset protection or that a prime broker will have a security interest in the assets
of the Company that it holds. Because of the large number of entities and jurisdictions involved and the range of possible factual
scenarios involving the insolvency of a prime broker or any of its sub-custodians, agents or affiliates, it is impossible to generalize
about the effect of their insolvency on the Company and its assets. Investors should assume that the insolvency of any of the Company's
prime brokers could result in the loss of all or a substantial portion of the Company's assets held by such prime broker, whether
as a result of losing a proprietary interest in any of its assets, a substantial delay, which could be years, in their return or
the uncertain outcome of pursuing a claim as a creditor in an insolvency. Should the Company be unable to identify, access or value
its assets, or establish with any certainty the amount or likelihood of recovery of any claim, such circumstances could cause substantial
losses to the Company. Such losses might not be limited to the assets that were held by that prime broker, including replacement
costs of relevant assets and fees and expenses. Moreover, the Company might be required to make future payments or deliveries to
the insolvent prime broker without set-off of amounts due to it. The failure of a prime broker could have a material adverse effect
on the Company. Although the Company evaluates the creditworthiness of the Company's prime brokers and other service providers,
it is often impossible to obtain sufficient information to make fully-informed judgments or determinations of the risk that a particular
financial institution may fail, particularly given the speed with which a financial institution's creditworthiness may decline
when faced with liquidity pressures. Strategies to minimize such risk include moving assets from one prime broker to another prime
broker, custodian or bank, or establishing segregated accounts for securities, if possible, which creates additional operational
risk.
The
Company currently relies on its prime brokers to provide financing for many of its investment activities. Financial institutions
may re-evaluate their prime brokerage business from time to time, which may impact the availability of credit to the Company and
the terms on which it is offered, including the cost thereof, creating a more difficult financing environment for many asset classes
and this may potentially adversely affect the Company's returns and investment activity. In addition, the Company may face an increased
risk of being subject to significant changes in margin requirements as prime brokers modify their risk models to determine how
much to lend to their customers. Furthermore, prime brokers may face additional regulation in the foreseeable future, which may
affect their willingness or ability to provide prime brokerage services, and the costs of such services. Financing costs are likely
to be significantly higher or assets may become impossible to finance if they cannot be financed by prime brokers.
Counterparty
Default. The Company may enter into many transactions, including derivatives and over-the-counter
instruments, securities, options, futures, foreign exchange and securities lending transactions, with or through third parties.
Generally, the Company will not be restricted from dealing with any particular counterparty. The Company is always subject to the
risk that a counterparty may not timely settle a


 B-9 
   


transaction, perform its obligations in accordance with contractual terms and
conditions, or otherwise not perform its obligations to make due payment or delivery (thus causing the Company to suffer a loss
which may be material). Moreover, for many transactions, the Company is required to post collateral to its counterparty, and a
failure of that counterparty or its affiliates could result in a loss of that collateral. In the event that a counterparty defaults
on its obligations for any reason, the Company may incur replacement costs of transactions, losses associated with other assets
which the failed transaction was intended to hedge, and fees and expenses in seeking redress (which may be uncertain in outcome).
Such counterparty risk may be accentuated for contracts with longer maturities where events may intervene to preclude settlement
or performance, or where the Company has concentrated its transactions with a single or small group of counterparties. Failure
of counterparties to settle transactions or perform their obligations to make due payment and delivery could have a material adverse
effect on the Company. Furthermore, any misconduct on behalf of counterparties, including, without limitation, fraudulent activities,
will increase the Company's exposure to risk of loss.
Restricted and Illiquid Investments
Although the Company
invests primarily in publicly traded securities, it may invest a portion of the value of its total assets in restricted securities
and other investments that are illiquid. Restricted securities are securities that
may not be sold to the public without an effective registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933
Act"), or, if they are unregistered, may be sold only in a privately negotiated transaction or pursuant to an exemption from
registration. In recognition of the increased size and liquidity of the institutional markets for unregistered securities and the
importance of institutional investors in the formation of capital, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC")
has adopted Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, which is designed to further facilitate efficient trading among qualified institutional
investors by permitting the sale of certain unregistered securities to qualified institutional buyers. To the extent privately
placed securities held by the Company qualify under Rule 144A, and an institutional market develops for those securities, the Company
likely will be able to dispose of the securities without registering them under the 1933 Act. To the extent that qualified institutional
buyers become, for a time, uninterested in purchasing these securities, investing in Rule 144A securities could have the effect
of increasing the level of the Company's illiquidity. The Company may adopt procedures under which certain Rule 144A securities
will not be deemed to be illiquid, if certain criteria are satisfied with respect to those securities and the market therefor.
Foreign securities that can be freely sold in the markets in which they are principally traded are not considered by the Company
to be restricted or illiquid. Regulation S under the 1933 Act permits the sale abroad of securities that are not registered for
sale in the United States. Repurchase agreements with maturities of more than seven days will be treated as illiquid.
Where registration
is required to sell a security, the Company may be obligated to pay all or part of the registration expenses, and a considerable
period may elapse between the decision to sell and the time the Company may be permitted
to sell a security under an effective registration statement. If, during such period, adverse market conditions were to develop,
the Company might obtain a less favorable price than prevailed when it decided to sell. Restricted securities for which no market
exists and other illiquid investments are valued at fair value as determined in accordance with procedures approved and periodically
reviewed by the Board of Managers.

 B-10 
   


Restricted securities
and other illiquid investments involve the risk that the securities will not be able to be sold at the time desired by the Adviser
or at prices approximating the value at which the Company is carrying the securities. As a result, in determining the proportion
of the value of its total assets that will be invested in restricted and other illiquid investments, the Company will consider
the need to maintain an adequate level of liquidity in its portfolio in order to fund the repurchase
of Interests from Members without unnecessarily adversely impacting the value of the Company's portfolio. It is not expected that
the Company will invest all or a substantial portion of the value of its total assets in such restricted or other illiquid investments.
Temporary Investments;
U.S. Government Securities Risk
During periods of
adverse market conditions in the equity securities markets, or otherwise for defensive purposes, the Company may temporarily invest
all or a substantial portion of its assets in high quality fixed-income securities, including money market instruments, or may
temporarily hold cash or cash equivalents in such amounts as the Adviser deems appropriate under the circumstances. Securities
will be deemed to be of high quality if they are rated in the top four categories by an NRSRO or, if unrated, are determined to
be of comparable quality by the Adviser. Money market instruments are high quality, short-term debt obligations (which generally
have remaining maturities of one year or less), and may include: U.S. Government Securities; commercial paper; certificates of
deposit and banker's acceptances issued by domestic branches of United States banks that are members of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation; and repurchase agreements for U.S. Government Securities. In lieu of purchasing money market instruments, the Company
may purchase shares of money market mutual funds that invest primarily in U.S. Government Securities and repurchase agreements
involving those securities, subject to certain limitations imposed by the 1940 Act.
The Company may also
invest in money market instruments or purchase shares of money market mutual funds pending investment of its assets in equity securities
or non-money market debt securities, or to maintain such liquidity as may be necessary to effect repurchases of Interests from
Members or for other purposes.
It is possible that
the U.S. Government would not provide financial support to its agencies or instrumentalities if it were not required to do so by
law. If a U.S. Government agency or instrumentality in which the Company invests defaults and the U.S. Government does not stand
behind the obligation, the value of the Company's investment portfolio could fall. The U.S. Government's guarantee of ultimate
payment of principal and timely payment of interest of the U.S. Government Securities owned by the Company does not imply that
the Interests are guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency, or that the value of the Interests will not continue to
fluctuate.
Distributions to
Members and Payment of Tax Liability
The Company does
not intend to make periodic distributions of its net income or gains, if any, to Members. Whether or not distributions are made,
Members will be required each year to pay applicable Federal, state and local income taxes on their respective shares of the Company's
taxable income, and will have to pay applicable taxes from other sources. The amount and times of any distributions will be determined
in the sole discretion of the Board of Managers.

 B-11 
   


Experience and
Location of the Adviser
The Adviser was
relatively recently organized in 2008 and has not previously managed the investment portfolio of a registered investment
company. However, the Company's portfolio manager is experienced in portfolio management.
Additionally, the
Adviser has all, or a substantial part, of its assets located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for
U.S. investors to enforce judgments of the courts of the United States against the Adviser predicated solely on the civil liability
provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. 
ITEM 18. MANAGEMENT.
The identity of, and
brief biographical information regarding, each Manager is set forth below.


Name, Address and Age
 
Position(s) Held with the 
Company and Length of Time Served


 
Principal Occupation(s)
                                         During Past 5 Years,
Number of Portfolios Overseen
                                         in
Company Complex and Other
Directorships Held
 


 
Each Manager was elected
to serve as a Manager by the initial Member of the Company.
The
Managers serve on the Board for terms of indefinite duration. A Manager's position in that capacity will terminate if the Manager
is removed, resigns or is subject to various disabling events such as death, incapacity or bankruptcy. A Manager
may resign, subject to giving not less than 90 days' prior written notice to the other Managers, and may be removed either by vote
of two-thirds (2/3) of the Managers not subject to the removal vote or by a vote of Members holding not less than two-thirds (2/3)
of the total number of votes eligible to be cast by all Members. In the event of any vacancy in the position of a Manager, the
remaining Managers may appoint an individual to serve as a Manager, so long as immediately after the appointment at least two-thirds
(2/3) of the Managers then serving have been elected by the Members. The Board of Managers may call a meeting of Members to fill
any vacancy in the position of a Manager, and must do so within 60 days after any date on which Managers who were elected by the
Members cease to constitute a majority of the Managers then serving.
Each Independent
Manager is paid by the Company an annual retainer of $[20,000] and per-meeting fees of $[1,250] for attendance at in-person meetings.
The Independent Managers are reimbursed by the Company for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. The Managers do not receive
any pension or retirement benefits from the Company.

 B-12 
   


The Board of Managers
has formed an Audit Committee, comprised of the Independent Managers, the functions of which are: (i) to oversee the Company's
accounting and financial reporting policies and practices, its internal controls and, as the Audit Committee may deem necessary
or appropriate, the internal controls of certain service providers; (ii) to oversee the quality and objectivity of the Company's
financial statements and the independent audit thereof; and (iii) to the extent there are Managers who are not members of the Audit
Committee, to act as a liaison between the Company's independent auditors and the Board of Managers. As the Company is newly
organized, the Audit Committee did not hold any meetings during the last fiscal year.
The Board of
Managers has also formed a Nominating Committee, comprised of the Independent Managers,
for the purpose of selecting and nominating persons to serve in the capacity of Independent Manager. As the Company is newly
organized, the Nominating Committee did not hold any meetings during the last fiscal year. The Nominating Committee does not
consider nominees recommended by Members.
The Company has not
yet commenced operations. Therefore, none of the Managers own Interests. As of the end of the most recently completed calendar
year, no Independent Manager owned equity securities in any registered investment company overseen by that Manager in the same
family of investment companies as the Company.
	The Board
of Managers has delegated responsibility for management of the Company's investments and management of the Company's day-to-day
operations to the Adviser.
ITEM 19. CONTROL PERSONS AND PRINCIPAL HOLDERS OF SECURITIES.
As the sole member
of the Registrant, [Graeme White] is deemed to be a control person of the Registrant. In addition, by virtue of [Mr. White] being
an officer of the Adviser, the Adviser may be deemed a control person of the Registrant. However, [Mr. White] shall withdraw from
the Company immediately preceding the commencement of operations of the Company and, thus, at such time, the Adviser would no
longer be deemed a control person of the Registrant. For purposes of this item, "control" means (1) the beneficial ownership,
either directly or through one or more controlled companies, of more than 25 percent of the voting securities of a company; (2)
the acknowledgment or assertion by either the controlled or controlling party of the existence of control; or (3) an adjudication
under Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act, which has become final, that control exists.

 B-13 
   


ITEM 20. INVESTMENT ADVISORY AND OTHER SERVICES.
The Adviser was incorporated
under the laws of England and Wales as a limited liability partnership on August 28, 2008 and is registered as an investment adviser
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). The Adviser provides investment advisory
services to other private investment vehicles and client accounts. The offices of the Adviser are located at 19 Berkeley Street,
London W1J 8ED, England and its telephone number is +44-20-7399-0960.
The Adviser and the
companies controlling the Adviser may be deemed to "control" the Company, as such term is defined by the 1940 Act.
The Custodian, [ ],
serves as custodian for the assets of the Company. The Custodian's principal business address is [ ].
The Board of Managers
has selected [ ] ("[ ]") as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company. [ ]'s principal business
address is located at [ ].
ITEM 21. PORTFOLIO MANAGERS
Reza Amiri is primarily
responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company's portfolio, subject to such policies as may be adopted by its board of
managers.
 
Other Funds
and Accounts Managed
The following tables
set forth information about funds and accounts other than the Company for which Mr. Amiri is primarily responsible for the day-to-day
portfolio management as of [December 31, 2013].



Registered
        Investment Companies Managed 

 Pooled
Vehicles Managed


Other
        Accounts Managed 


Number

Total
        Assets 

Number

Total
        Assets 

Number

Total
        Assets 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 

 B-14 
   


 



Registered
        Investment Companies Managed 

Pooled Vehicles Managed

Other
        Accounts Managed 


Number

        with Performance-
Based Fees

Total
        Assets
 with Performance-
Based Fees 

Number
        with Performance-Based Fees

Total
        Assets with Performance-Based Fees

Number
        
with Performance-
Based Fees

Total
        Assets
 with Performance-
Based Fees

 
 
 
 
 
 

Compensation Program
 
[To be completed
by amendment]
Potential Material Conflicts of Interest
Real, potential
or apparent conflicts of interest may arise should Mr. Amiri have day-to-day portfolio management responsibilities with respect
to more than one fund. Mr. Amiri may manage other accounts with investment strategies similar to the Company, including other investment
companies, pooled investment vehicles and separately managed accounts. Fees earned by the Adviser may vary among these accounts
and Mr. Amiri may personally invest in these accounts. These factors could create conflicts of interest because Mr. Amiri may have
incentives to favor certain accounts over others, that could result in other accounts outperforming the Company. A conflict may
also exist if Mr. Amiri identifies a limited investment opportunity that may be appropriate for more than one account, but the
Company is not able to take full advantage of that opportunity due to the need to allocate that opportunity among multiple accounts.
In addition, Mr. Amiri may execute transactions for another account that may adversely impact the value of securities held by the
Company. However, the Adviser believes that these risks are mitigated by the fact that accounts with like investment strategies
managed by Mr. Amiri are generally managed in a similar fashion and the Adviser has a policy that seeks to allocate opportunities
on a fair and equitable basis.
Fund Ownership 
 
As
of the date of this Registration Statement, Mr. Amiri does not own Interests.
ITEM 22. BROKERAGE ALLOCATION AND OTHER PRACTICES.
The Adviser is responsible
for placing orders for the execution of the Company's portfolio transactions and the allocation of brokerage. Transactions on
U.S. stock exchanges and on some foreign stock exchanges involve the payment of negotiated brokerage commissions. On many foreign
stock exchanges, commissions are fixed. No stated commission is generally applicable to securities traded in over-the-counter
markets, but the prices of those securities include undisclosed commissions or mark-ups.

 B-15 
   


In selecting brokers
and dealers to effect transactions on behalf of the Company, the Adviser seeks to obtain the best price and execution, taking into
account factors such as price, size of order, difficulty of execution and operational facilities of a brokerage firm, reliability
and financial stability and, in the case of transactions effected by the Company with unaffiliated brokers, the firm's risk in
positioning a block of securities. Although the Adviser generally seeks reasonably competitive commission rates, the Company does
not necessarily pay the lowest commission available on each transaction. The Company has no obligation to deal with any broker
or group of brokers in executing transactions in portfolio securities.
Consistent with the
principle of seeking best price and execution, the Adviser may place orders with brokers that provide the Adviser or its affiliates
supplemental research, market and statistical information, including advice as to the value of securities, the advisability of
investing in, purchasing or selling securities, and the availability of securities or purchasers or sellers of securities, and
furnishing analyses and reports concerning issuers, industries, securities, economic factors and trends, portfolio strategy and
the performance of accounts. The expenses of the Adviser are not necessarily reduced as a result of the receipt of this supplemental
information, which may be useful to the Adviser or its affiliates in providing services to clients other than the Company. In addition,
not all of the supplemental information is used by the Adviser in connection with the Company. Conversely, the information provided
by brokers and dealers through which other clients of the Adviser or its affiliates effect securities transactions may be useful
to the Adviser in providing services to the Company.
It is expected that
the Company will actively and frequently trade securities and other investments in its portfolio and generally will have a high
rate of portfolio turnover. Higher portfolio turnover rates usually generate additional brokerage commissions and expenses and
the short term gains realized from these transactions are taxable to the Members as ordinary income.
ITEM 23. TAX STATUS.
Tax Elections;
Returns; Tax Audits. The Code generally provides for optional adjustments to the basis of partnership property upon distributions
of partnership property to a partner and transfers of partnership interests (including by reason of death) provided that a partnership
election has been made pursuant to Section 754. Under the Company Agreement, at the request of a Member, the Board of Managers,
in its sole discretion, may cause the Company to make such an election. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked without
the Service's consent. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax accounting required to implement such an election,
the Board of Managers presently does not intend to make such election.

 B-16 
   


The Board of Managers
decides how to report the partnership items on the Company's tax returns. In certain cases, the Company may be required to file
a statement with the Service disclosing one or more positions taken on its tax return, generally where the tax law is uncertain
or a position lacks clear authority. All Members are required under the Code to treat the partnership items consistently on their
own returns, unless they file a statement with the Service disclosing the inconsistency. Given the uncertainty and complexity of
the tax laws, it is possible that the Service may not agree with the manner in which the Company's items have been reported. In
the event the income tax returns of the Company are audited by the Service, the tax treatment of the Company's income and deductions
generally is determined at the limited liability company level in a single proceeding rather than by individual audits of the Members.
A Member designated by the Board of Managers as the "Tax Matters Partner," has considerable authority to make decisions
affecting the tax treatment and procedural rights of all Members. In addition, the Tax Matters Partner has the authority to bind
certain Members to settlement agreements and the right on behalf of all Members to extend the statute of limitations relating to
the Members' tax liabilities with respect to Company items.
Mandatory Basis
Adjustments. The Company is generally required to adjust its tax basis in its assets in respect of all Members in cases of
partnership distributions that result in a "substantial basis reduction" (i.e., in excess of $250,000) in respect
of the Company's property. The Company is also required to adjust its tax basis in its assets in respect of a transferee, in the
case of a sale or exchange of an interest, or a transfer upon death, when there exists a "substantial built-in loss"
(i.e., in excess of $250,000) in respect of Company property immediately after the transfer. For this reason, the Company
will require (i) a Member who receives a distribution from the Company in connection with a complete withdrawal, (ii) a transferee
of an Interest (including a transferee in case of death) and (iii) any other Member in appropriate circumstances to provide the
Company with information regarding its adjusted tax basis in its Interest.
Tax Consequences to a Withdrawing Member
A Member receiving
a cash liquidating distribution from the Company, in connection with a complete withdrawal from the Company, generally will recognize
capital gain or loss to the extent of the difference between the proceeds received by such Member and such Member's adjusted tax
basis in its Interest. Such capital gain or loss will be short-term, long-term or some combination of both, depending upon the
timing of the Member's contributions to the Company. However, a withdrawing Member will recognize ordinary income to the extent
such Member's allocable share of the Company's "unrealized receivables" exceeds the Member's basis in such unrealized
receivables (as determined pursuant to the Regulations). For these purposes, accrued but untaxed market discount, if any, on securities
held by the Company will be treated as an unrealized receivable, with respect to which a withdrawing Member would recognize ordinary
income. A Member receiving a cash nonliquidating distribution will recognize income in a similar manner only to the extent that
the amount of the distribution exceeds such Member's adjusted tax basis in its Interest.

 B-17 
   


As discussed above,
the Company Agreement provides that the Board of Managers may specially allocate items of Company ordinary income and/or capital
gain (including short-term capital gain) and deductions, ordinary loss and/or capital loss (including long-term capital loss) to
a withdrawing Member or the Special Advisory Member to the extent its capital account would otherwise exceed or be less than, as
the case may be, its adjusted tax basis in its Interest. Such a special allocation of income or gain may result in the withdrawing
Member recognizing ordinary income and/or capital gain, which may include short-term capital gain, in the Member's last taxable
year in the Company, thereby reducing the amount of long-term capital gain recognized during the tax year in which it receives
its liquidating distribution upon withdrawal. Such a special allocation of deduction or loss may result in the withdrawing Member
recognizing ordinary loss and/or capital loss, which may include long-term capital loss, in the Member's last taxable year in the
Company, thereby reducing the amount of short-term capital loss recognized during the tax year in which it receives its liquidating
distribution upon withdrawal.
Distributions of
Property. A partner's receipt of a distribution of property from a partnership is generally not taxable. However, under
Section 731 of the Code, a distribution consisting of marketable securities generally is treated as a distribution of cash (rather
than property) unless the distributing partnership is an "investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 731(c)(3)(C)(i)
and the recipient is an "eligible partner" within the meaning of Section 731(c)(3)(C)(iii). The Company will determine
at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an "investment partnership." Assuming it so qualifies, if a Member is
an "eligible partner," which term should include a Member whose contributions to the Company consisted solely of cash,
the rule treating a distribution of property as a distribution of cash would not apply.
Tax Treatment of Company Investments
In General.
The Company expects to act as a trader or investor, and not as a dealer, with respect to its securities transactions. A trader
and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for their own accounts. A dealer, on the other hand, is a person who purchases
securities for resale to customers rather than for investment or speculation.
Generally, the gains
and losses realized by a trader or an investor on the sale of securities are capital gains and losses. Capital gains and losses
recognized by the Company may be long-term or short-term depending, in general, upon the length of time the Company maintains
a particular investment position and, in some cases, upon the nature of the transaction. Property held for more than one year
generally will be eligible for long-term capital gain or loss treatment. The application of certain rules relating to short sales,
to so-called "straddle" and "wash sale" transactions and to Section 1256 Contracts (defined below) may serve
to alter the treatment of the Company's securities positions.

 B-18 
   


The
Company may also realize ordinary income and losses with respect to its transactions.
The Company may hold debt obligations with "original issue discount." In
such case, the Company would be required to include amounts in taxable income on a
current basis even though receipt of such amounts may occur in a subsequent year.
The maximum ordinary
income tax rate for individuals is 39.6% and, in general, the maximum individual income tax rate for "Qualified Dividends"[1]
and long-term capital gains is 20% (unless the taxpayer elects to be taxed at ordinary rates - see "Limitation on Deductibility
of Interest and Short Sale Expenses" below), although in all cases the actual rates may be higher due to the phase out of
certain tax deductions, exemptions and credits. The excess of capital losses over capital gains may be offset against the ordinary
income of an individual taxpayer, subject to an annual deduction limitation of $3,000. Capital losses of an individual taxpayer
may generally be carried forward to succeeding tax years to offset capital gains and then ordinary income (subject to the $3,000
annual limitation). For corporate taxpayers, the maximum income tax rate is 35%. Capital losses of a corporate taxpayer may be
offset only against capital gains, but unused capital losses may be carried back three years (subject to certain limitations) and
carried forward five years.
In addition, individuals,
estates and trusts are subject to a Medicare tax of 3.8% on net investment income ("NII") (or undistributed NII, in the
case of estates and trusts) for each such taxable year, with such tax applying to the lesser of such income or the excess of such
person's adjusted gross income (with certain adjustments) over a specified amount.[2]
NII includes net income from interest, dividends, annuities, royalties and rents and net gain attributable to the disposition of
investment property. It is generally anticipated that net income and gain attributable to an investment in the Company will be
included in an investor's NII subject to this Medicare tax. However, the calculation of NII for purposes of the Medicare tax and
taxable income for purposes of the regular income tax may be different. Furthermore, the Medicare tax and the regular income tax
may be due in different taxable years with respect to the same income.
Section 1256 Contracts.
In the case of Section 1256 Contracts, the Code generally applies a "mark-to-market" system of taxing unrealized gains
and losses on such contracts and otherwise provides for special rules of taxation. A Section 1256 Contract includes certain regulated
futures contracts and certain other contracts. Under these rules, Section 1256 Contracts held by the Company at the end of each
taxable year of the Company are treated for Federal income tax purposes as if they were sold by the Company for their fair market
value on the last business day of such taxable year. The net gain or loss, if any, resulting from such deemed sales (known as "marking
to market"), together with any gain or loss resulting from actual sales of Section 1256 Contracts, must be taken into account
by the Company in computing its taxable income for such year. If a Section 1256 Contract held by the Company at the end of a taxable
year is sold in the following year, the amount of any gain or loss realized on such sale will be adjusted to reflect the gain or
loss previously taken into account under the "mark-to-market" rules.
__________________________


[1]A "Qualified Dividend" is generally a dividend from certain domestic corporations, and
from certain foreign corporations that are either eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United
States or are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States. Shares must be held for certain holding
periods in order for a dividend thereon to be a Qualified Dividend.



[2]The amount is $250,000 for married individuals filing jointly, $125,000 for married individuals
filing separately, $200,000 for other individuals and the dollar amount at which the highest income tax bracket for estates and
trusts begins.


 B-19 
   

 With certain
exceptions, capital gains and losses from such Section 1256 Contracts generally are characterized as short-term capital gains
or losses to the extent of 40% thereof and as long-term capital gains or losses to the extent of 60% thereof. If an individual
taxpayer incurs a net capital loss for a year, the portion thereof, if any, which consists of a net loss on Section 1256 Contracts
may, at the election of the taxpayer, be carried back three years. Losses so carried back may be deducted only against net capital
gain to the extent that such gain includes gains on Section 1256 Contracts. A Section 1256 Contract does not include any "securities
futures contract" or any option on such a contract, other than a "dealer securities futures contract" (See
"Certain Securities Futures Contracts").
Certain Securities
Futures Contracts. Generally, a securities futures contract is a contract of sale for future delivery of a single security
or a narrow-based security index. Any gain or loss from the sale or exchange of a securities futures contract (other than a "dealer
securities futures contract") is treated as gain or loss from the sale or exchange of property that has the same character
as the property to which the contract relates has (or would have) in the hands of the taxpayer. If the underlying security would
be a capital asset in the taxpayer's hands, then gain or loss from the sale or exchange of the securities futures contract would
be capital gain or loss. Capital gain or loss from the sale or exchange of a securities futures contract to sell property (i.e.,
the short side of a securities futures contract) generally will be short-term capital gain or loss.
A "dealer securities
futures contract" is treated as a Section 1256 Contract. A "dealer securities futures contract" is a securities
futures contract, or an option to enter into such a contract, that (1) is entered into by a dealer (or, in the case of an option,
is purchased or granted by the dealer) in the normal course of its trade or business activity of dealing in the contracts and (2)
is traded on a qualified board of trade or exchange.
Mixed Straddle
Election. The Code allows a taxpayer to elect to offset gains and losses from positions which are part of a "mixed straddle."
A "mixed straddle" is any straddle in which one or more but not all positions are Section 1256 Contracts. Pursuant to
Temporary Regulations, the Company may be eligible to elect to establish one or more mixed straddle accounts for certain of its
mixed straddle trading positions. The mixed straddle account rules require a daily "marking to market" of all open positions
in the account and a daily netting of gains and losses from positions in the account. At the end of a taxable year, the annual
net gains or losses from the mixed straddle account are recognized for tax purposes. The application of the Temporary Regulations'
mixed straddle account rules is not entirely clear. Therefore, there is no assurance that a mixed straddle account election by
the Company will be accepted by the Service.
Possible "Mark-to-Market"
Election. To the extent that the Company is directly engaged in a trade or business as a trader in "securities,"
it may elect under Section 475 of the Code to "mark-to-market" the securities held in connection with such trade or
business. Under such election, securities held by the Company at the end of each taxable year generally will be treated as if
they were sold by the Company for their fair market value on the last day of such taxable year, and gains or losses recognized
thereon (with certain exceptions) will be treated as ordinary income or loss. Moreover, even if the Company determines that its
securities activities will constitute trading rather than investing, there can be no assurance that the Service will agree, in
which case the Company may not be able to mark-to-market its positions.

 B-20 
   


Short Sales.
Gain or loss from a short sale of property is generally considered as capital gain or loss to the extent the property used to close
the short sale constitutes a capital asset in the Company's hands. Except with respect to certain situations where the property
used to close a short sale has a long-term holding period on the date the short sale is entered into, gains on short sales generally
are short-term capital gains. A loss on a short sale will be treated as a long-term capital loss if, on the date of the short sale,
"substantially identical property" has been held by the Company for more than one year. In addition, these rules may
also terminate the running of the holding period of "substantially identical property" held by the Company.
Gain or loss on a
short sale will generally not be realized until such time that the short sale is closed. However, if the Company holds a short
sale position with respect to stock, certain debt obligations or partnership interests that has appreciated in value and then acquires
property that is the same as or substantially identical to the property sold short, the Company generally will recognize gain on
the date it acquires such property as if the short sale were closed on such date with such property. Similarly, if the Company
holds an appreciated financial position with respect to stock, certain debt obligations or partnership interests and then enters
into a short sale with respect to the same or substantially identical property, the Company generally will recognize gain as if
the appreciated financial position were sold at its fair market value on the date it enters into the short sale. The subsequent
holding period for any appreciated financial position that is subject to these constructive sale rules will be determined as if
such position were acquired on the date of the constructive sale.
Effect of Straddle
Rules on Members' Securities Positions. The Service may treat certain positions in securities held (directly or indirectly)
by a Member and its indirect interest in similar securities held by the Company as "straddles" for Federal income tax
purposes. Investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the "straddle" rules to their investment
in the Company.
Limitation on Deductibility
of Interest and Short Sale Expenses. For noncorporate taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code limits the deduction for "investment
interest" (i.e., interest or short sale expenses for "indebtedness properly allocable to property held for investment").
Investment interest is not deductible in the current year to the extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "net investment income,"
consisting of net gain and ordinary income derived from investments in the current year less certain directly connected expenses
(other than interest or short sale expenses). For this purpose, Qualified Dividends and long-term capital gains are excluded from
net investment income unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amounts at ordinary income tax rates.
For purposes of this
provision, the Company's activities will be treated as giving rise to investment income for a Member, and the investment interest
limitation would apply to a noncorporate Member's share of the interest and short sale expenses attributable to the Company's
operation. In such case, a noncorporate Member would be denied a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive
share of the 

 B-21 
   


Company's ordinary losses attributable to interest and short sale expenses unless it had sufficient investment income from all
sources including the Company. A Member that could not deduct losses currently as a result of the application of Section 163(d)
would be entitled to carry forward such losses to future years, subject to the same limitation. The investment interest limitation
would also apply to interest paid by a noncorporate Member on money borrowed to finance its investment in the Company. Potential
investors are advised to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the application of the investment interest limitation
in their particular tax situations.
Deductibility of
Company Investment Expenditures and Certain Other Expenditures. Investment expenses (e.g., investment advisory fees) of an
individual, trust or estate are deductible only to the extent they exceed 2% of adjusted gross income. In addition, the Code further
restricts the ability of an individual with an adjusted gross income in excess of a specified amount[3]
to deduct such investment expenses. Under such provision, there is a limitation on the deductibility of investment expenses in
excess of 2% of adjusted gross income to the extent such excess expenses (along with certain other itemized deductions) exceed
the lesser of (i) 3% of the excess of the individual's adjusted gross income over the specified amount or (ii) 80% of the amount
of certain itemized deductions otherwise allowable for the taxable year. Moreover, such investment expenses are miscellaneous itemized
deductions which are not deductible by a noncorporate taxpayer in calculating its alternative minimum tax liability.
It is unclear whether
all or a portion of the Company's operations will qualify as trading -- rather than investment -- activities, the expenses for
which would not be treated as investment expenses. Therefore, pursuant to Temporary Regulations issued by the Treasury Department,
these limitations on deductibility may apply to a noncorporate Member's share of certain expenses of the Company, including the
Management Fee, the fee paid to an administrator and payments made on certain derivative instruments.
The consequences of
these limitations will vary depending upon the particular tax situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, noncorporate Members should
consult their tax advisors with respect to the application of these limitations.
The Company may elect
to deduct organizational expenses for tax purposes over a fixed period of 180 months.
A Member will not
be allowed to deduct syndication expenses, including placement fees, paid by such Member or the Company. Any such amounts will
be included in the Member's adjusted tax basis for its Interest.
_______________________


[3]The specified amount for taxable years beginning during 2014 is $305,050 for married individuals
filing jointly, $152,525 for married individuals filing separately, $279,650 for heads of households and $254,200 for other individuals.



 B-22 
   


Application of
Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code restricts the deductibility of losses from a "passive activity"
against certain income which is not derived from a passive activity. This restriction applies to individuals, personal service
corporations and certain closely held corporations. Pursuant to Temporary Regulations issued by the Treasury Department, income
or loss from the Company's investment and trading activity generally will not constitute income or loss from a passive activity.
Therefore, passive losses from other sources generally could not be deducted against a Member's
share of such income and gain from the Company. Income or loss attributable to certain activities of the Company, including investments
in partnerships engaged in certain trades or businesses may constitute passive activity income or loss.
Application of
Basis and "At Risk" Limitations on Deductions. The amount of any loss of the Company that a Member
is entitled to include in its income tax return is limited to its adjusted tax basis in its Interest as of the end of the Company's
taxable year in which such loss occurred. Generally, a Member's adjusted tax basis
for its Interest is equal to the amount paid for such Interest, increased by the sum of (i) its share of the Company's liabilities,
as determined for Federal income tax purposes, and (ii) its distributive share of the Company's realized income and gains, and
decreased (but not below zero) by the sum of (i) distributions (including decreases in its share of Company liabilities) made by
the Company to such Member and (ii) such Member's
distributive share of the Company's realized losses and expenses.
Similarly, a Member
that is subject to the "at risk" limitations (generally, noncorporate taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not
deduct losses of the Company to the extent that they exceed the amount such Member
has "at risk" with respect to its Interest at the end of the year. The amount that a Member
has "at risk" will generally be the same as its adjusted basis as described above, except that it will generally not
include any amount attributable to liabilities of the Company or any amount borrowed by the Member
on a non-recourse basis.
Losses denied under
the basis or "at risk" limitations are suspended and may be carried forward in subsequent taxable years, subject to these
and other applicable limitations.
"Phantom
Income" From Company Investments. Pursuant to various "anti-deferral" provisions of the Code (the "Subpart
F" and "passive foreign investment company" provisions), investments (if any) by the Company in certain foreign
corporations may cause a Member to (i) recognize taxable income prior to the Company's receipt of distributable proceeds, (ii)
pay an interest charge on receipts that are deemed as having been deferred or (iii) recognize ordinary income that, but for the
"anti-deferral" provisions, would have been treated as long-term or short-term capital gain.

 B-23 
   


Foreign Taxes
It is possible that
certain dividends and interest received by the Company from sources within foreign countries will be subject to withholding taxes
imposed by such countries. In addition, the Company may also be subject to capital gains taxes in some of the foreign countries
where it purchases and sells securities. Tax treaties between certain countries and the United States may reduce or eliminate such
taxes. It is impossible to predict in advance the rate of foreign tax the Company will pay since the amount of the Company's assets
to be invested in various countries is not known.
The Members will be
informed by the Company as to their proportionate share of the foreign taxes paid by the Company which they will be required to
include in their income. The Members generally will be entitled to claim either a credit (subject to the limitations discussed
below and provided that, in the case of dividends, the foreign stock is held for the requisite holding period) or, if they itemize
their deductions, a deduction (subject to the limitations generally applicable to deductions) for their share of such foreign taxes
in computing their Federal income taxes. A Member that is tax-exempt will not ordinarily benefit from such credit or deduction.
Generally, a credit
for foreign taxes is subject to the limitation that it may not exceed the Member's Federal tax (before the credit) attributable
to its total foreign source taxable income. A Member's share of the Company's dividends and interest from non-U.S. securities generally
will qualify as foreign source income. Generally, the source of gain and loss realized upon the sale of personal property, such
as securities, will be based on the residence of the seller. In the case of a partnership, the determining factor is the residence
of the partner. Thus, absent a tax treaty to the contrary, the gains and losses from the sale of securities allocable to a Member
that is a U.S. resident generally will be treated as derived from U.S. sources (even though the securities are sold in foreign
countries). For purposes of the foreign tax credit limitation calculation, investors entitled to the reduced tax rates on Qualified
Dividends and long-term capital gains described above (see "Tax Treatment of Company Investments – In General"),
must adjust their foreign tax credit limitation calculation to take into account the preferential tax rate on such income to the
extent it is derived from foreign sources. Certain currency fluctuation gains, including fluctuation gains from foreign currency
denominated debt securities, receivables and payables, will also be treated as ordinary income derived from U.S. sources.
The limitation on
the foreign tax credit generally is applied separately to foreign source passive income, such as dividends and interest. In addition,
for foreign tax credit limitation purposes, the amount of a Member's foreign source income is reduced by various deductions that
are allocated and/or apportioned to such foreign source income. One such deduction is interest expense, a portion of which will
generally reduce the foreign source income of any Member who owns (directly or indirectly) foreign assets. For these purposes,
foreign assets owned by the Company will be treated as owned by the investors in the Company and indebtedness incurred by the
Company will be treated as incurred by investors in the Company.

 B-24 
   


Because of these limitations,
Members may be unable to claim a credit for the full amount of their proportionate share of the foreign taxes paid by the Company.
In addition, a foreign tax credit may not be available to offset the Medicare tax on NII. The foregoing is only a general description
of the foreign tax credit under current law. Moreover, since the availability of a credit or deduction depends on the particular
circumstances of each Member, Members are advised to consult their own tax advisors.
Unrelated Business Taxable Income
Generally, an exempt
organization is exempt from Federal income tax on its passive investment income, such as dividends, interest and capital gains,
whether realized by the organization directly or indirectly through a partnership in which it is a partner.[4]
This type of income is exempt even if it is realized from securities trading activity which constitutes a trade or business.
This general exemption
from tax does not apply to the "unrelated business taxable income" ("UBTI") of an exempt organization. Generally,
except as noted above with respect to certain categories of exempt trading activity, UBTI includes income or gain derived (either
directly or through partnerships) from a trade or business, the conduct of which is substantially unrelated to the exercise or
performance of the organization's exempt purpose or function. UBTI also includes "unrelated debt-financed income," which
generally consists of (i) income derived by an exempt organization (directly or through a partnership) from income-producing property
with respect to which there is "acquisition indebtedness" at any time during the taxable year, and (ii) gains derived
by an exempt organization (directly or through a partnership) from the disposition of property with respect to which there is "acquisition
indebtedness" at any time during the twelve-month period ending with the date of such disposition. With respect to its investments
in partnerships engaged in a trade or business, the Company's income (or loss) from these investments may constitute UBTI.
The Company may incur
"acquisition indebtedness" with respect to certain of its transactions, such as the purchase of securities on margin.
Based upon a published ruling issued by the Service which generally holds that income and gain with respect to short sales of publicly
traded stock does not constitute income from debt financed property for purposes of computing UBTI, the Company will treat its
short sales of securities as not involving "acquisition indebtedness" and therefore not resulting in UBTI.[5]
To the extent the Company recognizes income (i.e., dividends and interest) from securities with respect to which there is
"acquisition indebtedness" during a taxable year, the percentage of such income which will be treated as UBTI generally
will be based on the percentage which the "average acquisition indebtedness" incurred with respect to such securities
is of the "average amount of the adjusted basis" of such securities during the taxable year.
______________________


[4]With certain exceptions, tax-exempt organizations which are private foundations are subject to
a 2% Federal excise tax on their "net investment income." The rate of the excise tax for any taxable year may be reduced
to 1% if the private foundation meets certain distribution requirements for the taxable year. A private foundation will be required
to make payments of estimated tax with respect to this excise tax.



[5]Moreover, income realized from option writing and futures contract transactions generally would
not constitute UBTI.


 B-25 
   

 To the extent
the Company recognizes gain from securities with respect to which there is "acquisition indebtedness" at any time during
the twelve-month period ending with the date of their disposition, the percentage of such gain which will be treated as UBTI will
be based on the percentage which the highest amount of such "acquisition indebtedness" is of the "average amount
of the adjusted basis" of such securities during the taxable year. In determining the unrelated debt-financed income of the
Company, an allocable portion of deductions directly connected with the Company's debt-financed property is taken into account.
Thus, for instance, a percentage of losses from debt-financed securities (based on the debt/basis percentage calculation described
above) would offset gains treated as UBTI.
Since the calculation
of the Company's "unrelated debt-financed income" is complex and will depend in large part on the amount of leverage
used by the Company from time to time,[6] it is impossible
to predict what percentage of the Company's income and gains will be treated as UBTI for a Member which is an exempt organization.
An exempt organization's share of the income or gains of the Company which is treated as UBTI may not be offset by losses of the
exempt organization either from the Company or otherwise, unless such losses are treated as attributable to an unrelated trade
or business (e.g., losses from securities for which there is acquisition indebtedness).
To the extent that
the Company generates UBTI, the applicable Federal tax rate for such a Member generally would be either the corporate or trust
tax rate depending upon the nature of the particular exempt organization. An exempt organization may be required to support, to
the satisfaction of the Service, the method used to calculate its UBTI. The Company will be required to report to a Member which
is an exempt organization information as to the portion of its income and gains from the Company for each year which will be treated
as UBTI. The calculation of such amount with respect to transactions entered into by the Company is highly complex, and there is
no assurance that the Company's calculation of UBTI will be accepted by the Service.
In general, if UBTI
is allocated to an exempt organization such as a qualified retirement plan or a private foundation, the portion of the Company's
income and gains which is not treated as UBTI will continue to be exempt from tax, as will the organization's income and gains
from other investments which are not treated as UBTI. Therefore, the possibility of realizing UBTI from its investment in the Company
generally should not affect the tax-exempt status of such an exempt organization.[7]
In addition, a charitable remainder trust will be subject to a 100% excise tax on any UBTI under Section 664(c) of the Code. A
title-holding company will not be exempt from tax if it has certain types of UBTI. Moreover, the charitable contribution deduction
for a trust under Section 642(c) of the Code may be limited for any year in which the trust has UBTI. A prospective investor should
consult its tax advisor with respect to the tax consequences of receiving UBTI from the Company. (See "ERISA Considerations.")
_______________________


[6]The calculation of a particular exempt organization's UBTI would also be affected if it incurs
indebtedness to finance its investment in the Company. An exempt organization is required to make estimated tax payments with respect
to its UBTI.



[7]Certain exempt organizations which realize UBTI in a taxable year will not constitute "qualified
organizations" for purposes of Section 514(c)(9)(B)(vi)(I) of the Code, pursuant to which, in limited circumstances, income
from certain real estate partnerships in which such organizations invest might be treated as exempt from UBTI. A prospective tax-exempt
Member should consult its tax adviser in this regard.


 B-26 
   

Certain Issues Pertaining to Specific
Exempt Organizations
Private Foundations.
Private foundations and their managers are subject to excise taxes if they invest "any amount in such a manner as to jeopardize
the carrying out of any of the foundation's exempt purposes." This rule requires a foundation manager, in making an investment,
to exercise "ordinary business care and prudence" under the facts and circumstances prevailing at the time of making
the investment, in providing for the short-term and long-term needs of the foundation to carry out its exempt purposes. The factors
which a foundation manager may take into account in assessing an investment include the expected rate of return (both income and
capital appreciation), the risks of rising and falling price levels, and the need for diversification within the foundation's portfolio.
In order to avoid
the imposition of an excise tax, a private foundation may be required to distribute on an annual basis its "distributable
amount," which includes, among other things, the private foundation's "minimum investment return," defined as 5%
of the excess of the fair market value of its nonfunctionally related assets (assets not used or held for use in carrying out the
foundation's exempt purposes), over certain indebtedness incurred by the foundation in connection with such assets. It appears
that a foundation's investment in the Company would most probably be classified as a nonfunctionally related asset. A determination
that an Interest is a nonfunctionally related asset could conceivably cause cash flow problems for a prospective Member which is
a private foundation. Such an organization could be required to make distributions in an amount determined by reference to unrealized
appreciation in the value of its Interest. Of course, this factor would create less of a problem to the extent that the value of
the investment in the Company is not significant in relation to the value of other assets held by a foundation.
In some instances,
an investment in the Company by a private foundation may be prohibited by the "excess business holdings" provisions of
the Code. For example, if a private foundation (either directly or together with a "disqualified person") acquires more
than 20% of the capital interest or profits interest of the Company, the private foundation may be considered to have "excess
business holdings." If this occurs, such foundation may be required to divest itself of its Interest in order to avoid the
imposition of an excise tax. However, the excise tax will not apply if at least 95% of the gross income from the Company is "passive"
within the applicable provisions of the Code and Regulations. There can be no assurance that the Company will meet such 95% gross
income test.
A substantial percentage
of investments of certain "private operating foundations" may be restricted to assets directly devoted to their tax-exempt
purposes. Otherwise, generally, rules similar to those discussed above govern their operations.

 B-27 
   


Qualified Retirement
Plans. Employee benefit plans subject to the provisions of ERISA, Individual Retirement Accounts and Keogh Plans should consult
their counsel as to the implications of such an investment under ERISA and the Code. (See "ERISA Considerations.")
Endowment Funds.
Investment managers of endowment funds should consider whether the acquisition of an Interest is legally permissible. This is not
a matter of Federal law, but is determined under state statutes. It should be noted, however, that under the Uniform Management
of Institutional Funds Act, which has been adopted, in various forms, by a large number of states, participation in investment
partnerships or similar organizations in which funds are commingled and investment determinations are made by persons other than
the governing board of the endowment fund is allowed.
Excise Tax on Certain Reportable Transactions
A tax-exempt entity
(including a state or local government or its political subdivision) may be subject to an excise tax equal to the greater of (i)
one hundred percent (100%) of the net income or (ii) seventy five percent (75%) of the proceeds, attributable to certain "reportable
transactions", including "listed transactions", in which it participates. Under Regulations, these rules should
not apply to a tax-exempt investor's Interest if such investor's tax-exempt status does not facilitate the Company's participation,
if any, in such transactions, unless otherwise provided in future guidance. Tax-exempt investors should discuss with their own
advisors the applicability of these rules to their investment in the Company. (See "Tax Shelter Reporting Requirements"
below.)
Certain Reporting Obligations
Certain U.S. persons
("potential filers") that own (directly or indirectly) more than 50% of the capital or profits of the Company may be
required to file Form TD F 90-22.1 (an "FBAR") with respect to the Company's investments in foreign financial accounts.
Failure to file a required FBAR may result in civil and criminal penalties. Potential filers should consult with their own advisors
as to whether they are obligated to file an FBAR with respect to an investment in the Company.

 B-28 
   


Tax Shelter Reporting Requirements
The Regulations require
the Company to complete and file Form 8886 ("Reportable Transaction Disclosure Statement") with its tax return for any
taxable year in which the Company participates in a "reportable transaction." Additionally, each Member treated as participating
in a reportable transaction of the Company is generally required to file Form 8886 with its tax return (or, in certain cases, within
60 days of the return's due date). If the Service designates a transaction as a reportable transaction after the filing of a taxpayer's
tax return for the year in which the Company or a Member participated in the transaction, the Company and/or such Member may have
to file Form 8886 with respect to that transaction within 90 days after the Service makes the designation. The Company and any
such Member, respectively, must also submit a copy of the completed form with the Service's Office of Tax Shelter Analysis. The
Company intends to notify the Members that it believes (based on information available to the Company) are required to report a
transaction of the Company, and intends to provide such Members with any available information needed to complete and submit Form
8886 with respect to the Company's transactions. In certain situations, there may also be a requirement that a list be maintained
of persons participating in such reportable transactions, which could be made available to the Service at its request.
A Member's recognition
of a loss upon its disposition of an interest in the Company could also constitute a "reportable transaction" for such
Member requiring such Member to file Form 8886.
A significant penalty
is imposed on taxpayers who participate in a "reportable transaction" and fail to make the required disclosure. The maximum
penalty is $10,000 for natural persons and $50,000 for other persons (increased to $100,000 and $200,000, respectively, if the
reportable transaction is a "listed" transaction). Investors should consult with their own advisors concerning the application
of these reporting obligations to their specific situations.
State and Local Taxation
In addition to the
Federal income tax consequences described above, prospective investors should consider potential state and local tax consequences
of an investment in the Company. State and local tax laws differ in the treatment of limited liability companies such as the Company.
A few jurisdictions may impose entity level taxes on a limited liability company if it is found to have sufficient contact with
that jurisdiction. Such taxes are frequently based on the income and capital of the entity that is allocated to the jurisdiction.
Although there can be no assurance, the Company intends to conduct its activities so that it will not be subject to entity level
taxation by any state or local jurisdiction.

 B-29 
   


State and local laws
often differ from Federal income tax laws with respect to the treatment of specific items of income, gain, loss, deduction and
credit. A Member's distributive share of the taxable income or loss of the Company generally will be required to be included in
determining its reportable income for state and local tax purposes in the jurisdiction in which it is a resident.  A partnership
in which the Company acquires an interest may conduct business in a jurisdiction which will subject to tax a Member's share of
the partnership's income from that business and may cause Members to file tax returns in those jurisdictions. Prospective investors
should consult their tax advisors with respect to the availability of a credit for such tax in the jurisdiction in which that Member
is a resident.
The tax laws of various
states and localities limit or eliminate the deductibility of itemized deductions for certain taxpayers. These limitations may
apply to a Member's share of some or all of the Company's expenses, including interest expense, to the extent that the expenses
are not considered to be trade or business expenses in the applicable jurisdiction. Prospective investors are urged to consult
their tax advisors with respect to the impact of these provisions on the deductibility of certain itemized deductions, including
interest expense, on their tax liabilities in the jurisdictions in which they are resident.
One or more states
may impose reporting requirements on the Company and/or its Members in a manner similar to that described above in "Tax Shelter
Reporting Requirements." Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the applicability of such rules in jurisdictions
which may require or impose a filing requirement.
ITEM 24. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
The Company will
issue a complete set of financial statements on an annual basis prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

 B-30 
   

PART C- OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 25. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS



1.
Financial
Statements: 


As of December
24, 2013, the filing date of the Registrant's Registration Statement, the Registrant has no assets, and accordingly, financial
statements have been omitted.


2.
Exhibits: 


(a)               
(1)	Certificate of Formation, filed herewith.
(2)	Limited Liability Company Agreement*
(b)              
Not Applicable
(c)               
Not Applicable
(d)              
See Item 25(2)(a)(2)
(e)               
Not Applicable
(f)               
Not Applicable
(g)              
Investment Advisory Agreement*
(h)              
Not Applicable
(i)                
Not Applicable
(j)                
Custodian Services Agreement*
(k)              
Administration and Accounting Services Agreement*
(l)                
Not Applicable
(m)            
Not Applicable
(n)              
Not Applicable
(o)              
Not Applicable
(p)              
Not Applicable
(q)              
Not Applicable
 

 C-1 
   

(r)                
Code of Ethics of Registrant and Adviser*
 
* To be filed by amendment.
 
ITEM
26. MARKETING ARRANGEMENTS
Not Applicable.
ITEM
27. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION
All figures are estimates:
 



 
 
 

 
Accounting fees and expenses	
$[        ]

 
Legal fees and expenses	
$[        ]

 
Printing and offering expenses	
$[        ]

 
Miscellaneous	
$[        ]

 
 
 

 
                     Total	
$[        ]


 
ITEM
28. PERSONS CONTROLLED BY OR UNDER COMMON CONTROL
After completion of the private offering
of Interests, the Registrant expects that no person will be directly or indirectly under common control with the Registrant.



 C-2 
   


 
ITEM
29. NUMBER OF HOLDERS OF SECURITIES
As of [________], 2014,
the number of record holders of each class of securities of the Registrant is shown below:
 


Title of Class
Number of Record Holders

Limited Liability Company Interests
[  ]

  
ITEM
30. INDEMNIFICATION
To be completed by amendment.
 
ITEM
31. BUSINESS AND OTHER CONNECTIONS OF INVESTMENT ADVISER
Information as to
the members and officers of Susa Fund Management LLP is included in its Form ADV as filed with the Commission (File No. 801-166880),
and is incorporated herein by reference.
ITEM
32. LOCATION OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS
[_________] maintains certain
required accounting related and financial books and records of the Registrant at [_________]. The other required books and records
are maintained by the Adviser at [ ].
 
ITEM
33. MANAGEMENT SERVICES
Not applicable.
ITEM
34. UNDERTAKINGS
Not Applicable.
 

 C-3 
   

 
Pursuant to the requirements of the 1940
Act, the Company has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
in the City of New York and the State of New York, on the 24th day of December, 2013.



 
Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.

 
(Name of Registrant)

 
 

 
 

 
By:  
 
/s/ Graeme White

 
Name:  
Graeme White

 
Title:    
Authorized Person





 
 

 
EXHIBIT INDEX


EXHIBIT NUMBER
 
DOCUMENT DESCRIPTION

(a)
(1)
Certificate of Formation

 
 








SEC Info - Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C., et al. - ‘40-APP’ on 7/23/15











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C., et al. – ‘40-APP’ on 7/23/15On:  Thursday, 7/23/15, at 11:19am ET   ·   Accession #:  1398344-15-4655   ·   File #s:  812-14518, -01
Previous ‘40-APP’:  None   ·   Next & Latest:  ‘40-APP/A’ on 10/13/15



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 7/23/15  Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.      40-APP                 1:202K                                   FilePoint/FA
          Susa Fund Management LLPF-->Application for an Order other than those Reviewed by the Office of Insurance Products   —   Rule 0-2Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 40-APP      Application for an Order other than those Reviewed  HTML    102K 
                          by the Office of Insurance Products                    

D-->H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->




 
As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2015


U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
______________________


APPLICATION FOR ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTION 6(c) OF THE INVESTMENT
COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"), GRANTING EXEMPTIONS
 FROM SECTIONS 18(c) AND 18(i) OF THE 1940 ACT, AND FOR ORDER PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 17(d) OF THE 1940 ACT AND RULE 17d-1 THEREUNDER


______________________


SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C.
 SUSA FUND MANAGEMENT LLP


4400 Computer Drive
Westborough, MA 01581
______________________


Please direct all written and oral communications regarding this Application to:


Kenneth S. Gerstein, Esq.
Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP
919 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022


With copies of written communications to:


Graeme White
Susa Fund Management LLP
19 Berkeley Street
London W1J 8ED
United Kingdom





 

Page 1 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 






TABLE OF CONTENTS





I.


THE PROPOSAL


3




II.


STATEMENT OF FACTS


5




 


A.


The Applicants


5




 


B.


Fund Structure and Characteristics


5




 


C.


Proposed Class Structure and Characteristics


6




III.


EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED


9




 


A.


The Multiple Class System


9




 


B.


Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees


9




IV.


COMMISSION AUTHORITY


9




V.


DISCUSSION


9




 


A.


Background


9




 


B.


Multiple Classes of Interests – Exemptions from Sections 18(c) and 18(i) under the 1940 Act


11




 


C.


Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees


14




VI.


APPLICANTS' CONDITION


15




VII.


CORPORATE ACTION


15




VIII.


NAMES AND ADDRESSES


16




IX.


CONCLUSION


16








 

Page 2 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 






UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
BEFORE THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549





In the Matter of
 
SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C.
 SUSA FUND MANAGEMENT LLP
 
Investment Company Act of 1940
 
File No. 812-


APPLICATION FOR ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTION 6(c) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT"), GRANTING EXEMPTIONS FROM SECTIONS 18(c) AND 18(i) OF THE 1940 ACT, AND FOR ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTION 17(d) OF THE 1940 ACT AND RULE 17d-1 THEREUNDER









I.


THE PROPOSAL






Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. (the "Fund") and Susa Fund Management LLP (the "Adviser") (together, "Applicants") hereby seek an order of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") (i) pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"), granting exemptions from Sections 18(c) and 18(i) of the 1940 Act, and (ii) pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder, to permit the Fund to offer investors multiple classes of limited liability company interests ("Interests")1 in the Fund with varying sales loads and asset-based service and/or distribution fees as described more fully in this Application. Applicants request that the order also apply to any registered closed-end management investment company that makes a continuous offering
of its shares, whether existing now or organized in the future, for which the Adviser or any entity controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Adviser acts as investment adviser, and which provides liquidity to investors by means of issuer tender offers made in compliance with Rule 13e-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act" or in compliance with Rule 23a-3 under the 1940 Act.).2 Any such other investment company relying on the requested order will do so in a manner consistent with the terms and conditions of this Application. Applicants represent that each person presently intending to rely on the order requested in this Application is listed as an Applicant.


The Fund is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered under the 1940 Act as a closed-end management investment company. The Fund is classified as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act. The Fund's investment objective is capital appreciation. The Fund employs a value-oriented investment strategy that principally focuses on both long and short positions in equity securities of "European issuers," which the Fund defines as companies that derive a majority of their revenue or profits from European businesses, investments or sales, that have a majority of their operations or assets located in Europe or that are listed on a securities exchange in Europe. The Fund's investments may also include investments in the securities of companies that are located in, or conduct business in, emerging or less developed countries.
 




1 As used in this Application, "Interests" includes any other equivalent designation of a proportionate ownership interest in any other registered closed-end management investment company relying on the requested order.
 
2 The term "investment adviser" is used as defined in Section 2(a)(20) of the 1940 Act.





 

Page 3 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 










Interests in the Fund are offered on a continuous basis at net asset value plus any applicable sales load, as described in the Fund's confidential private placement memorandum (the "Confidential Memorandum"). The Fund currently issues a single class of Interests (the "Initial Class"). Interests are sold only to persons who are both: (a) "accredited investors," as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"); and (b) "qualified clients," as defined in Rule 205-3 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). The Fund reserves the right to register Interests under the Securities Act and to conduct a public offering of Interests in the future.


Interests are not offered or traded in a secondary market and are not listed on any securities exchange or quoted on any quotation medium. Because persons owning Interests in the Fund ("Members") do not have the right to require the Fund to redeem their Interests, the Fund from time to time offers to repurchase Interests from Members pursuant to written tenders by Members in accordance with Rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act in order to provide a limited degree of liquidity to Members. Repurchases of Interests in the Fund are made at such times, in such amounts and on such terms as may be determined by the Fund's Board of Managers (the "Board," and each member thereof, a "Manager") in its sole discretion. In determining whether the Fund should offer to repurchase Interests, the Board considers a variety of operational, business and economic factors. The Adviser expects to ordinarily recommend that
the Board authorize the Fund to offer to repurchase Interests from Members four times each year, effective at the end of March, June, September and December.


As with open-end management investment companies that issue multiple classes of shares pursuant to Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act, the different classes of Interests in the Fund would represent investments in the same portfolio of securities but would be subject to different expenses (such as asset-based service and/or distribution fees). Thus, the net income attributable to, and any dividends payable on, each class of Interests will differ from the other classes from time to time. As a result, the net asset value of Interests of the classes may differ over time.


Under the proposal, each new class of Interests in the Fund (each, a "New Class") would be offered at net asset value and may (but would not necessarily) be subject to a front-end sales load and an asset-based service fee and/or distribution fee. Initial Class Interests would continue to be offered at net asset value with a front-end sales load and with an asset-based service and/or distribution fees that would be imposed and disclosed in the Fund's Confidential Memorandum, as supplemented or amended from time to time. With respect to each class of Interests, including the Initial Class, the Fund would comply with the provisions of Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act, or any successor thereto or replacement rules, as if that rule applied to closed-end management investment companies, and with the provisions of Rule 2830(d) of the Conduct Rules of the National Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD"), as such rule
may be amended, or any successor rule thereto ("NASD Conduct Rule 2830")3 as if it applied to the Fund. The structure of the proposed classes of Interests is described in detail below under "Statement of Facts – Proposed Class Structure and Characteristics".


If the order requested by this application is granted, the above classes of Interests may or may not be offered. Additional classes of Interests may be added in the future.


A number of precedents exist for the implementation of a multiple-class system and the imposition of asset-based service and/or distribution fees for closed-end funds substantially similar to what is being proposed by Applicants. See, e.g., Princeton Private Equity Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31562 (April 22, 2015) (Order) and 31512 (March 25, 2015) (Notice); AllianceBernstein Multi-Manager Alternative Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31322 (October 31, 2014) (Notice) and 31345 (November 24, 2014) (Order); Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31046 (May 13, 2014) (Notice) and 31075
(June 10, 2014) (Order); Steben Select Multi-Strategy Fund, et.al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31029 (April 25, 2014) (Notice) and 31052 (May 21, 2014) (Order); CPG Carlyle Private Equity Fund, LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30512 (May 9, 2013) (Notice) and 30547 (June 14, 2013) (Order); Blackstone Alternative Alpha Fund, et al., Inv. Co. Act. Rel. Nos. 30280 (November 26, 2012) (Notice) and 30317 (December 26, 2012) (Order); ASGI Agility Income Fund, et al., Inv. Co. Act. Rel. Nos. 29793 (September 19, 2011) (Notice) and 29837 (October
17, 2011) (Order); Highland Capital Management, L.P., et al., Inv. Co. Act. Rel. Nos. 28888 (August 27, 2009) (Notice) and 28908 (September 22, 2009) (Order); Allianz RCM Global Ecotrends Fund, et al., Inv. Co. Act. Rel. Nos. 27936 (August 23, 2007) (Notice) and 27971 (September 18, 2007) (Order); Man-Glenwood Lexington, LLC, et al., Inv. Co. Act. Rel. Nos. 27263 (March 16, 2006) (Notice) and 27285 (April 11, 2006) (Order); Van Kampen Investment Advisory Corp., et al., Inv. Co. Act Rel. Nos. 25924 (February 3, 2003) (Notice) and 25951 (March 3, 2003) (Order); Scudder Weisel
Capital Entrepreneurs Fund and Scudder Weisel Capital LLC, Inv. Co. Act Rel. Nos. 24805 (December 27, 2000) (Notice) and 24833 (January 19, 2001) (Order); and Eaton Vance Management, et al., Inv. Co. Act Rel. Nos. 24648 (September 19, 2000) (Notice) and 24689 (October 16, 2000) (Order) (closed-end funds within a master-feeder structure).
 




3 Any references to NASD Conduct Rule 2830 include any successor or replacement rule that may be adopted by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA").





 

Page 4 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 














II.


STATEMENT OF FACTS










A.
The Applicants





The Fund is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered under the 1940 Act as a closed-end management investment company. The Fund is classified as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act. The Fund was organized under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 21, 2013.


The Adviser is a limited liability partnership incorporated under the laws of England and Wales and is registered with the Commission as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The Adviser serves as the investment adviser to the Fund.


The Adviser and the Fund may contract with third parties to act as placement agents for the Fund in connection with the offering of Interests (each, a "Placement Agent").






B.
Fund Structure and Characteristics





As noted above, Interests are offered on a continuous basis at their net asset value plus any applicable sales load. Interests may be purchased on the first business day of any month, or at such other times as the Board may determine. Interests are sold only to persons who are both: (a) "accredited investors," as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act; and (b) "qualified clients," as defined in Rule 205-3 under the Advisers Act.


The Fund, as a closed-end investment company, does not issue redeemable Interests as does an open-end management investment company. Interests in the Fund are not listed on any securities exchange and do not trade on an over-the-counter system such as NASDAQ. Furthermore, it is not expected that any secondary market will ever develop for Interests. Thus, in order to provide a limited degree of liquidity to Members, the Fund from time to time makes offers to repurchase Interests from Members at the then current net asset value of Interests pursuant to Rule 13e-4 under the 1934 Act. Such offers are made at such times, in such amounts and on such terms as may be determined by the Board, in its sole discretion. The Fund currently offers a single class of Interests that is subject to a sales load of up to 3% of the amount transmitted in connection with an investor's subscription and does not pay any distribution fees or service fees.






 

Page 5 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 














C.
Proposed Class Structure and Characteristics





The Fund proposes to offer multiple classes of Interests, such as the Initial Class Interests and New Class Interests, described below, or any other classes. Additional classes may permit an investor to choose the method of purchasing Interests that the investor deems most beneficial, based on factors applicable to the investor, such as the amount of the purchase or the length of time the investor expects to hold the Interests. They may also permit the Fund to offer classes that accommodate the varying needs of different financial intermediaries. In the future, the Board could adopt another structure with respect to sales charges and service and/or distribution fees.


If the order requested in this Application is granted, it is anticipated that Initial Class Interests would be (1) offered at net asset value; (2) subject to imposition of a sales load of up to 3%; (3) subject to a minimum initial investment requirement of $50,000, and minimum subsequent investment requirement of $10,000; (4) subject to an annual asset-based service fee and/or distribution fee pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act, subject to the approval of any distribution fee by the Board and by Members holding Initial Class Interests; and (5) subject to an Early Repurchase Fee,4 in each case as set forth in the Fund's Confidential Memorandum, as amended or supplemented from time to time.


If the order requested in this Application is granted, New Class Interests are expected to be: (1) offered at net asset value and are not expected to (but may) be subject to a front-end sales load; (2) subject to a minimum initial investment requirement of $50,000, and minimum subsequent investment requirement of $10,000; (3) would not be subject to an asset-based service and/or distribution fee pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act; and (4) subject to an Early Repurchase Fee, in each case as set forth in the Fund's Confidential Memorandum, as amended or supplemented from time to time. These charges would differ in some respect from those applicable to the Initial Class Interests; however, the Early Repurchase Fee will apply equally to all classes of Interests of the Fund.


Actual fees approved and adopted may vary, but no class of Interests in the Fund would have annual asset-based service and/or distribution fees in excess of the limits established by NASD Conduct Rule 2830.


It is anticipated that, subject to approval by the Board and Members, the Fund will adopt a distribution and service plan for the Initial Class in voluntary compliance with the provisions of Rules 12b-1 and 17d-3 under the 1940 Act, as if those rules applied to closed-end management investment companies (a "Distribution and Service Plan"). The Distribution and Service Plan will be approved by the Board, including a majority of the Managers who are not "interested persons" of the Fund (as defined by Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act), and who have no direct or indirect financial interest in the operation of the Distribution and Service Plan or in any agreements related to the Distribution and Service Plan, as provided by Rule 12b-1. The Distribution and Service Plan will not be implemented prior to its approval by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund, as required by Rule 12b-1(b)(1) for an
open-end management investment company that has already commenced an offering of the company's securities. Pursuant to its Distribution and Service Plan, the Fund will pay to Placement Agents an ongoing distribution and/or service fee (the "Distribution and Service Fee") at an annualized rate of up to 0.75% of the average net assets attributable to the Initial Class. This Distribution and Service Fee will provide for compensation at the annual rates of up to 0.50% for the sale and marketing of Interests and up to 0.25% for services provided to Members and/or the maintenance of Member accounts (e.g., responding to Member inquiries and providing information to Members on their investments in the Fund), with the aggregate not to exceed 0.75%. Applicants represent that these asset-based Distribution and Service Fees will comply with the provisions of NASD Conduct Rule 2830. Applicants further represent that the Fund will comply
with Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act as if it were an open-end management investment company.
 


4 A repurchase fee equal to 2.0% of the value of the Interests repurchased, which is retained by the Fund (the "Early Repurchase Fee"), will apply with respect to any repurchases of Interests if the date as of which the Interests are to be valued for purposes of repurchase is less than one year following the date of a Member's initial investment in the Fund. The Early Repurchase Fee charged by the Fund is not the same as a contingent deferred sales charge ("CDSC") assessed by an open-end fund pursuant to Rule 6c-10 under the 1940 Act, as CDSCs are distribution-related charges payable to a distributor, whereas the Early Repurchase Fee is payable to the Fund to compensate long-term shareholders for the expenses related to shorter-term investors, in light of the Fund's generally longer-term investment horizons and investment operations. Although the Fund does not currently intend to impose CDSCs, it would
only do so pursuant to Rule 6c-10 under the 1940 Act.





 

Page 6 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 









All Distribution and Service Fees with respect to any class would be paid pursuant to a Distribution and Service Plan adopted by the Fund with respect to that class. Under any Distribution and Service Plan, the Fund, either directly or through a Placement Agent, would compensate brokers, dealers, or other financial intermediaries for activities primarily intended to result in the sale of Interests and for services provided to Members and/or the maintenance of Member accounts. Applicants represent that these asset-based distribution and service fees will comply with the provisions of NASD Conduct Rule 2830. The Fund does not intend to offer any exchange privilege or conversion feature, but any such privilege or feature offered in the future will comply with Rule 11a-1, Rule 11a-3 and Rule 18f-3, as if the Fund were an open-end investment company.


Although the Fund does not intend to do so, the Fund may waive the Early Repurchase Fee for certain shareholders or transactions as established from time to time. With respect to any waiver of, scheduled variation in, or elimination of the Early Repurchase Fee, the Fund will comply with Rule 22d-1 under the 1940 Act as if the Early Repurchase Fee were a CDSC and as if the Fund were an open-end investment company and the Fund's waiver of, scheduled variation in, or elimination of, the Early Repurchase Fee will apply uniformly to all Members regardless of class.


All expenses incurred by the Fund will be allocated among its various classes of Interests based on the respective net assets of the Fund attributable to each such class, except that the net asset value and expenses of each class will reflect the fees associated with the Distribution and Service Plan of that class (if any), Member services fees attributable to a particular class (including transfer agency fees, if any), and any other incremental expenses of that class.


In addition to asset-based distribution and/or service fees, each class of Interests of the Fund may, by action of the Board, also pay a different amount of the following expenses:






(1)
administrative and/or accounting or similar fees (each as described in the Fund's Confidential Memorandum, as amended or supplemented from time to time);









(2)
legal, printing and postage expenses related to preparing and distributing to current Members of a specific class materials such as Member reports, Confidential Memoranda, and proxies;









(3)
Blue Sky fees incurred by a specific class;









(4)
registration fees incurred by a specific class;









 

Page 7 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 














(5)
expenses of administrative personnel and services required to support the Members of a specific class;









(6)
Managers' fees and expenses incurred as a result of matters relating to a specific class;









(7)
Auditors' fees, litigation expenses, and other legal fees and expenses relating to a specific class;









(8)
incremental transfer agent fees and Member servicing expenses identified as being attributable to a specific class;









(9)
account expenses relating solely to a specific class;









(10)
expenses incurred in connection with any Member meetings as a result of matters relating to a specific class; and









(11)
any such other expenses (not including advisory or custody fees or other expenses related to the management of the Fund's assets) actually incurred in a different amount by a class or related to a class' receipt of services of a different kind or to a different degree than another class.





Any income, gain, loss and expenses of the Fund not allocated to specific classes as described above will be charged to the Fund and allocated to each class of the Fund in a manner consistent with Rule 18f-3(c)(1) under the 1940 Act.5


From time to time, the Board may create and the Fund may offer additional classes of Interests, or may vary the characteristics described above of Initial Class Interests and New Class Interests, including without limitation, in the following respects: (1) the amount of fees permitted by a Distribution and Service Plan as to such class; (2) voting rights with respect to a Distribution and Service Plan as to such class; (3) different class designations; (4) the impact of any class expenses directly attributable to a particular class of Interests allocated on a class basis as described in this Application; (5) differences in any dividends and net asset values per Interest resulting from differences in fees under a Distribution and Service Plan or in class expenses; (6) any sales load structure; and (7) any conversion features, as permitted under the 1940 Act. The Fund will comply with the provisions of Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act, as if it were an open-end
management investment company. The Fund's offers to repurchase Interests will be made to all of its classes of Interests at the same time and on the same terms, except for differences in the prices at which Interests are repurchased resulting from differences in fees under a Distribution and Service Plan and/or service plan or in class expenses.


Because of the different distribution fees, Member services fees, and any other class expenses that may be attributable to the different classes, the net income attributable to, and any dividends payable on, each class of Interests may differ from each other and the net asset value per Interest of the classes may differ over time. Expenses of the Fund, allocated to a particular class of the Fund's Interests will be borne on a pro rata basis by each outstanding Interest of that class.
 


5 Applicants note, however, that the Fund is not and will not be a "Daily Dividend Fund," as defined in Rule 18f-3.





 

Page 8 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 













III.


EXEMPTIONS REQUESTED










A.
The Multiple Class System





Applicants request exemptive relief to the extent that the proposed issuance and sale of multiple classes of Interests in the Fund may be deemed: (1) to result in the issuance of a "senior security" within the meaning of Section 18(g) of the 1940 Act and thus be prohibited by Section 18(c); and (2) to violate the equal voting provisions of Section 18(i) of the 1940 Act.






B.
Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees





Applicants request an order pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder to the extent necessary for the Fund to pay asset-based service and/or distribution fees.






IV.


COMMISSION AUTHORITY






Pursuant to Section 6(c) of the 1940 Act, the Commission may, by order on application, conditionally or unconditionally exempt any person, security, or transaction, or any class or classes of persons, securities, or transactions, from any provision or provisions of the 1940 Act or from any rule or regulation under the 1940 Act, if and to the extent that such exemption is necessary or appropriate in the public interest and consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the 1940 Act.


Pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder, the Commission may issue an order permitting an affiliated person of or a principal underwriter for a registered investment company, or any affiliated person of such a person or principal underwriter, acting as principal, to participate in or effect a transaction in connection with a joint enterprise or other joint arrangement or profit sharing plan in which the investment company, or a company controlled by such registered company, participates. In reviewing applications submitted under Section 17(d) and Rule 17d-1, the Commission considers whether the participation of the investment company in such joint enterprise, joint arrangement or profit sharing plan is consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the 1940 Act, and the extent to which such participation is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other participants.






V.


DISCUSSION










A.
Background





In its 1992 study entitled Protecting Investors: A Half Century of Investment Company Regulation ("Protecting Investors"), the Commission's Division of Investment Management recognized that the 1940 Act imposes a rigid classification system that dictates many important regulatory consequences.6 For example, the characterization of a management company as "open-end" or "closed-end" has, historically, been crucial to the determination of the degree of liquidity the fund's shareholders will have.


Historically, except as noted below, there was no middle ground between the two extremes of the open-end and the closed-end forms. Open-end funds offered daily liquidity to their members while closed-end funds have been subject to requirements that restrict the liquidity they are permitted to offer their investors. Under this system of regulation, neither form may provide the best structure for offering certain types of investments to investors. In Protecting Investors, the staff of the Commission determined that, given the changes in the securities market since 1940, it was appropriate to re-examine the classification system and its regulatory requirements and that it would be appropriate to provide the opportunity for investment companies to "chart new territory" between the two extremes of the open-end and the closed-end forms, consistent with investor protection.7
 


6 Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Report, Protecting Investors (May 1992), at 421.





 

Page 9 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 









One exception to the open-end/closed-end dichotomy cited in Protecting Investors has been the so-called "prime rate fund." Many of these funds, first introduced in 1988, invest in adjustable rate senior loans and provide members liquidity through quarterly repurchases ("Closed-End Tender Offer Funds").


Shortly after Protecting Investors was published, the Commission proposed Rule 23c-3 under the 1940 Act, which provided flexibility to increase liquidity available to investors through periodic tender offers under simplified procedures.8 Rule 23c-3 was adopted in April 1993.9 Prime rate funds were cited in both Protecting Investors and in the Rule 23c-3 Proposing Release as the prototype for the closed-end interval fund concept.10


Developments since the initial closed-end interval funds make further innovation appropriate. Many funds either cannot or choose not to rely on Rule 23c-3. Therefore, there exist a large number of Closed-End Tender Offer Funds, which fall between open-end and closed-end designations in regard to their operations, but which are not interval funds. Moreover, a number of precedents exist for the implementation of a multiple-class system and the imposition of asset-based service and/or distribution fees substantially similar to that for which Applicants seek relief. See, e.g., Princeton Private Equity Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31562 (April 22, 2015) (Order) and 31512 (March 25, 2015) (Notice); AllianceBernstein Multi-Manager Alternative Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31322 (October
31, 2014) (Notice) and 31345 (November 24, 2014) (Order); Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31046 (May 13, 2014) (Notice) and 31075 (June 10, 2014) (Order); Steben Select Multi-Strategy Fund, et.al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31029 (April 25, 2014) (Notice) and 31052 (May 21, 2014) (Order); CPG Carlyle Private Equity Fund, LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30512 (May 9, 2013) (Notice) and 30547 (June 14, 2013) (Order); Blackstone Alternative Alpha Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30280 (Nov.
26, 2012) (Notice) and 30317 (Dec. 26, 2012) (Order); Permal Hedge Strategies Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30228 (Oct. 9, 2012) (Notice) and 30257 (Nov. 5, 2012) (Order); BlackRock Preferred Partners LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30160 (Aug. 2, 2012) (Notice) and 30182 (Aug. 28, 2012) (Order); Versus Capital Multi-Manager Real Estate Income Fund LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30103 (Jun. 14, 2012) (Notice) and 30133 (Jul. 10, 2012) (Order); and ASGI Agility Income Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 29793 (Sept. 19,
2011) (Notice) and 29837 (Oct. 17, 2011) (Order).
 



7 Id. at 424.
 
8 Investment Company Act Rel. No. 18869 (Jul. 28, 1992) (the "Rule 23c-3 Proposing Release").
 
9 Investment Company Act Rel. No. 19399 (Apr. 7, 1993) (the "Rule 23c-3 Adopting Release"). The Commission also had proposed Rule 22e-3 under the 1940 Act, which began from the open-end, complete liquidity perspective under Section 22 and would permit periodic or delayed, rather than constant, liquidity. The Commission neither adopted nor withdrew proposed Rule 22e-3.
 
10 Protecting Investors, Supra, note 6, at 439-40; 23c-3 Proposing Release at 27.





 

Page 10 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 














B.
Multiple Classes of Interests – Exemptions from Sections 18(c) and 18(i) under the
1940 Act





Applicants request exemptive relief to the extent that the proposed issuance and sale of multiple classes of Interests in the Fund may be deemed: (1) to result in the issuance of a "senior security" within the meaning of Section 18(g) of the 1940 Act and thus be prohibited by Section 18(c); and (2) to violate the equal voting provisions of Section 18(i) of the 1940 Act.


A registered closed-end investment company may have only one class of stock that is a senior security. In particular, Section 18(c) of the 1940 Act provides in relevant part that:


[I]t shall be unlawful for any registered closed-end investment company . . . to issue or sell any senior security which is a stock if immediately thereafter such company will have outstanding more than one class of senior security which is a stock, except that (1) any such class of . . . stock may be issued in one or more series: provided, that no such series shall have a preference or priority over any other series upon the distribution of the assets of such registered closed-end company or in respect of the payment of interest or dividends . . . .


Section 18(i) of the 1940 Act provides in relevant part that:


Except as provided in subsection (a) of this section, or as otherwise required by law, every share of stock hereafter issued by a registered management company . . . shall be a voting stock and have equal voting rights with every other outstanding voting stock; provided, that this subsection shall not apply . . . to shares issued in accordance with any rules, regulations, or orders which the Commission may make permitting such issue.


The multiple class system proposed herein (the "Multiple Class System") may be deemed to result in Interests of a class having "priority over [another] class as to . . . payment of . . . dividends" and in having unequal voting rights because, under the Multiple Class System: (1) Members of different classes may pay different distribution fees, different Member services fees, and any other expenses (as described above in Section II.C) that should be properly allocated to a particular class; and (2) each class would be entitled to exclusive voting rights with respect to matters solely related to that class. Applicants state that the creation of multiple classes of Interests in the Fund as proposed in this Application may thus be prohibited by Section 18(c) and Section 18(i) of the 1940 Act.


Applicants seek to implement the Multiple Class System to provide the flexibility to create new classes of Interests without having to create new funds or a master-feeder structure. Applicants believe that current and future Members will benefit if new classes of Interests with different pricing structures are created providing alternative investment options. Under the Multiple Class System, the Fund would be able to offer investors and financial intermediaries alternatives for investing in the Fund that are best suited to their needs and requirements, based on relevant factors applicable to them, such as the amount of the purchase, the length of time the investor expects to hold the Interests, the nature of the investor's account and other relevant factors. The proposed system would permit the Fund to facilitate the distribution of Interests and provide a broader choice of investment options.


By contrast, if the Multiple Class System is not permitted, it would be necessary to organize new, separate funds rather than new classes of Interests. The creation of the new, separate funds (including funds to create a master-feeder structure) would involve increased costs and administrative burdens borne by Members, as compared to the creation of additional classes of Interests in the Fund, which is a less costly alternative.






 

Page 11 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 









Under the Multiple Class System, holders of each class of Interests will be relieved of a portion of the fixed costs normally associated with investing in investment companies because these costs will be spread over a greater asset base than would be the case if assets were held by separate funds or portfolios. As the assets of the Fund grow, it is expected that investors will derive benefits from economies of scale that might not be available absent the Multiple Class System.


The Commission has long recognized that multiple class arrangements can be structured so that the concerns underlying the 1940 Act's "senior security" provisions are satisfied. After having granted numerous exemptive orders ("multiple class exemptive orders") to open-end management investment companies permitting those funds to issue two or more classes of shares representing interests in the same portfolio, in 1995, the Commission adopted Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act, which now permits open-end funds to create multiple classes without seeking individual exemptive orders, as long as certain conditions are met.11


Applicants believe that the proposed Multiple Class System does not raise the concerns underlying Section 18 of the 1940 Act to any greater degree than open-end investment companies' multiple class structures. The Multiple Class System does not relate to borrowings and will not adversely affect the Fund's assets. In addition, the proposed system will not increase the speculative character of Interests. Applicants also believe that the proposed allocation of expenses relating to distribution and voting rights is equitable and will not discriminate against any group or class of Members.


Applicants believe that the rationale for and the conditions contained in Rule 18f-3 are as applicable to a closed-end investment company seeking to offer multiple classes of shares with varying distribution and service arrangements in a single portfolio as they are to open-end investment companies. The Fund will comply with the provisions of Rule 18f-3 as if it were an open-end investment company including, among others, the rule's provisions relating to differences in expenses, special allocations of other expenses, voting rights, conversions and disclosure. In fact, the Fund will in many ways resemble an open-end investment company in its manner of operation and in the distribution of Interests, except for differences related to repurchase offers.


In particular, the Fund proposes to offer Interests continuously at net asset value. It is anticipated that differences among classes will, as detailed above, relate largely to differences in placement/distribution and service fees and arrangements. Applicants note that open-end and closed-end funds are subject to different technical provisions governing the issuance of senior securities. However, those technical differences do not appear relevant here. While closed-end funds may not issue multiple classes of shares without exemptive relief, the Commission has granted specific exemptive relief to numerous similarly-situated closed-end funds.12 Provisions regulating the issuance by closed-end funds of debt or preferred stock should have no bearing on an application by a closed-end fund for an exemptive order permitting the issuance of multiple classes of Interests in the manner Applicants propose. Therefore, Applicants propose to base
the conditions under which the Fund would issue multiple classes of Interests on those contained in Rule 18f-3.
 



11 See Investment Company Act Rel. No. 20915 (Feb. 23, 1995). As adopted, Rule 18f-3 under the 1940 Act creates an exemption for open-end funds that issue multiple classes of Shares with varying arrangements for the distribution of securities and the provision of services to shareholders. In connection with the adoption of Rule 18f-3, the Commission also amended Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act to clarify that each class of Shares must have separate 12b-1 plan provisions. Moreover, any action on the 12b-1 plan (i.e., Manager or shareholder approval) must take place separately for each class. The Commission has adopted amendments to Rule 18f-3 that expand and clarify the methods by which a multiple class fund may allocate income, gains and losses, and expenses, and that clarify the shareholder voting provisions of the rule.
 
12 See, e.g., Princeton Private Equity Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31562 (April 22, 2015) (Order) and 31512 (March 25, 2015) (Notice); AllianceBernstein Multi-Manager Alternative Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31322 (October 31, 2014) (Notice) and 31345 (November 24, 2014) (Order); Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31046 (May 13, 2014) (Notice) and 31075(June 10, 2014) (Order); Steben Select Multi-Strategy Fund, et.al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 31029 (April 25, 2014) (Notice)
and 31052 (May 21, 2014) (Order); CPG Carlyle Private Equity Fund, LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30512 (May 9, 2013) (Notice) and 30547 (June 14, 2013) (Order); Blackstone Alternative Alpha Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30280 (Nov. 26, 2012) (Notice) and 30317 (Dec. 26, 2012) (Order); Permal Hedge Strategies Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30228 (Oct. 9, 2012) (Notice) and 30257 (Nov. 5, 2012) (Order); BlackRock Preferred Partners LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30160 (Aug. 2, 2012) (Notice) and 30182 (Aug.
28, 2012) (Order); Versus Capital Multi-Manager Real Estate Income Fund LLC, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 30103 (Jun. 14, 2012) (Notice) and 30133 (Jul. 10, 2012) (Order); and ASGI Agility Income Fund, et al., Investment Company Act Rel. Nos. 29793 (Sept. 19, 2011) (Notice) and 29837 (Oct. 17, 2011) (Order).






 

Page 12 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 


 






Applicants believe that the proposed allocation of expenses and voting rights relating to the asset-based distribution and service fees applicable to classes of Interests in the Fund in the manner required by Rule 18f-3 is equitable and will not discriminate against any group of Members. The Fund is also aware of the need for full disclosure in its Confidential Memorandum of the proposed Multiple Class System and of the differences among the various classes and the different expenses of each class of Interests offered. Applicants represent that the Fund's distribution and/or service fees will comply with the provisions of NASD Conduct Rule 2830. Applicants also represent that the Fund will disclose in its Confidential Memorandum the fees, expenses and other characteristics of each class of Interests offered for sale, as is required for open-end, multiple class funds under Form N-1A. As if it were an open-end management investment company, the Fund will
disclose fund expenses borne by Members during the reporting period in shareholder reports13 and will describe in its Confidential Memorandum any arrangements that result in breakpoints in or elimination of sales loads.14 The Fund will include any such disclosures in its shareholder reports and Confidential Memorandum to the extent required as if the Fund were an open-end fund. The Fund will also comply with any requirements that may be adopted by the Commission or FINRA regarding disclosure at the point of sale and in transaction confirmations about the costs and conflicts of interest arising out of the distribution of open-end investment company shares, and regarding disclosure of sales loads and revenue sharing arrangements as if those requirements applied to the Fund and Placement Agents.15 Upon adoption of any such proposed rules or required disclosures, the Fund will contractually require that Placement
Agents for Interests comply with such requirements in connection with the distribution of Interests in the Fund.


The requested relief is substantially similar to prior exemptions granted by the Commission to Princeton Private Equity Fund, AllianceBernstein Multi-Manager Alternative Fund; Partners Group Private Equity (Master Fund), Steben Select Multi-Strategy Fund, Blackstone Alternative Alpha Fund, Permal Hedge Strategies Fund, BlackRock Preferred Partners LLC, Versus Capital Multi-Manager Real Estate Income Fund LLC and ASGI Agility Income Fund. In those cases, the Commission permitted closed-end funds that offered and sold their shares continuously and that conducted periodic repurchase offers for a portion of their outstanding shares, to implement multiple-class structures. Accordingly, Applicants believe that there is ample precedent for the implementation of the Multiple Class System.
 



13 Shareholder Reports and Quarterly Portfolio Disclosure of Registered Management Investment Companies, Investment Company Act Rel. No. 26372 (Feb. 27, 2004) (adopting release).
 
14 Disclosure of Breakpoint Discounts by Mutual Funds, Investment Company Act Rel. No. 26464 (Jun. 7, 2004) (adopting release).
 
15 Confirmation Requirements and Point of Sale Disclosure Requirements for Transactions in Certain Mutual Funds and Other Securities and Other Confirmation Requirement Amendments, and Amendments to the Registration Form for Mutual Funds, Investment Company Act Rel. No. 26341 (Jan. 29, 2004) (proposing release).





 

Page 13 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 














C.
Asset-Based Service and/or Distribution Fees





Applicants also request an order pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder, to the extent necessary to permit the Fund to impose asset-based service and/or distribution fees (in a manner similar to Rule 12b-1 fees for an open-end investment company). Section 12(b) of the 1940 Act and Rule 12b-1 thereunder do not apply to closed end investment companies. Accordingly, no provisions of the 1940 Act or the rules thereunder explicitly limit the ability of a closed-end fund to impose an asset-based service and/or distribution fee.16


Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act prohibits an affiliated person of or a principal underwriter for a registered investment company, or an affiliated person of such a person or principal underwriter, acting as principal, from participating in or effecting any transaction in which such registered company, or a company controlled by such registered company, is a joint or a joint and several participant, in contravention of Commission regulations. Rule 17d-1 provides that no joint transaction covered by the rule may be consummated unless the Commission issues an order upon application permitting the transaction.


In reviewing applications pursuant to Section 17(d) and Rule 17d-1, the Commission considers whether an investment company's participation in a joint enterprise or joint arrangement is consistent with the provisions, policies, and purposes of the 1940 Act, and the extent to which the participation is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other participants. Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act is intended to prevent or limit abuses arising from conflicts of interest; however, Section 17(d) itself does not prohibit any specific activities, but instead authorizes the Commission to adopt rules to limit or prevent an investment company from being a joint participant on a different or less advantageous basis than other participants. Under Rule 17d-1, it is unlawful for an affiliated person of or a principal underwriter for a registered investment company, acting as principal, to participate in or effect any transaction in connection with a joint
enterprise or other joint arrangement in which the investment company is a participant, without prior Commission approval. The protections provided for in Section 17(d) essentially allow the Commission to set standards for all transactions concerning an investment company and an affiliate which could be construed as self-dealing or overreaching by the affiliate to the detriment of the investment company.


The Fund will comply with the protections for open-end investment companies developed and approved by the Commission in Rule 12b-1 in connection with its Distribution and Service Plan(s), if any, with respect to each class as if the Fund were an open-end investment company. Therefore, the Fund will operate under substantially the same conditions as would be the case if it were an open-end investment company imposing asset-based service and/or distribution fees in accordance with Rule 12b-1. Applicants note that, at the same time the Commission adopted Rule 12b-1,17 it also adopted Rule 17d-3 to provide an exemption from Section 17(d) and Rule 17d-1 to the extent necessary for arrangements between open-end funds and their affiliated persons or principal underwriters (or affiliated persons of such persons or principal underwriters) whereby distribution-related payments are made by the open-end fund if such agreements are entered into
in compliance with Rule 12b-1. In its adopting release, the Commission stated:
 



16 Applicants do not concede that Section 17(d) applies to the Multiple Class System or to the asset-based service and/or distribution fees discussed herein, but request this order to eliminate any uncertainty.
 
17 See Bearing of Distribution Expenses by Mutual Funds, Investment Company Act Rel. No. 11414 (October 28, 1980).





 

Page 14 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 










The Commission wishes to emphasize that it has no intention of categorizing certain transactions as raising the applicability of Section 17(d) and Rule 17d-3 of the 1940 Act. The Commission's only comment is that to the extent that arrangements in which a fund pays for its distribution costs could involve the fund in a 'joint enterprise' with an affiliated person, and if such arrangements were entered into in compliance with Rule 12b-1, the Commission sees no need for prior Commission review and approval of the arrangements.18


Applicants believe that any Section 17(d) concerns the Commission might have in connection with the Fund's financing of expenses relating to the distribution of its Interests should be resolved by the Fund's undertakings to comply with the provisions of Rule 12b-1 and Rule 17d-3 as if those rules applied to closed-end investment companies. Accordingly, Applicants undertake to comply, and undertake that the Fund's asset-based service and/or distribution fees (if any) will comply, with the provisions of Rule 12b-1 and Rule 17d-3 as if those rules applied to closed-end investment companies.


Rule 6c-10 under the 1940 Act permits open-end investment companies to impose CDSCs, subject to certain conditions. Although the Fund does not presently anticipate imposing CDSCs, Applicants would only do so in compliance with Rule 6c-10 as if that rule applied to closed-end investment companies. The Fund also would make all required disclosures in accordance with the requirements of Form N-1A concerning CDSCs. Applicants further state that, in the event the Fund imposes a CDSC, the Fund will apply the CDSC (and any waivers or scheduled variations of the CDSC) uniformly to all Members of a given class and consistently with the requirements of Rule 22d-1 under the 1940 Act. Finally, to the extent the Fund determines to waive, impose scheduled variations of, or eliminate the Early Repurchase Fee, it will do so consistently with the requirements of Rule 22d-1 under the 1940 Act and the Fund's waiver of, scheduled variation in, or elimination of, the Early
Repurchase Fee will apply uniformly to all Members of the Fund.






VI.


APPLICANTS' CONDITION






Applicants agree that any order granting the relief requested herein will be subject to the following condition:


Applicants will comply with the provisions of Rules 6c-10, 12b-1, 17d-3, 18f-3 and 22d-1 under the 1940 Act, as amended from time to time or replaced, as if those rules applied to closed-end management investment companies, and will comply with NASD Conduct Rule 2830, as amended from time to time, as if that rule applied to all closed-end management investment companies.






VII.


CORPORATE ACTION






The Board has adopted resolutions, attached as Exhibit A, authorizing the Fund's officers to file this Application with the Commission.
 


18 Id. Fed. Sec. L. Rep. (CCH) at 83,733.





 

Page 15 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 













VIII.


NAMES AND ADDRESSES






Pursuant to Rule 0-2(f) under the 1940 Act, Applicants state that their addresses are as indicated on the first page of this Application. Applicants further state that all written or oral communications concerning this Application should be directed to the person listed on the cover.






IX.


CONCLUSION






For the reasons stated above, Applicants submit that the exemptions requested are necessary and appropriate in the public interest and are consistent with the protection of investors and purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the 1940 Act. Applicants also believe that the requested relief meets the standards for the granting of an order pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder. Based on the facts, analysis and the condition set forth in this Application, Applicants respectfully request that the Commission issue an order pursuant to Sections 6(c) and 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder granting the relief requested herein. Applicants desire that the Commission issue the requested order pursuant to Rule 0-5 under the 1940 Act without conducting a hearing.


All of the requirements for execution and filing of this Application on behalf of Applicants have been complied with in accordance with the organizational documents of Applicants, and the undersigned officers of Applicants are fully authorized to execute this Application. The verifications required by Rule 0-2(d) under the 1940 Act are attached to this Application.


[The remainder of this page intentionally left blank.]





 

Page 16 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 


 




AUTHORIZATION AND SIGNATURES


Pursuant to Rule 0-2(c) under the 1940 Act, Applicant states that all actions necessary to authorize the execution and filing of this Application have been taken, and the persons signing and filing this document are authorized to do so on behalf of Applicant.


Graeme White is authorized to sign and file this document on behalf of Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. pursuant to the authority granted to him by resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Managers on July 9, 2015.


 

SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C.



 
 


 

By:


/s/ Graeme White

 


 

Name:


Graeme White

 


 

Title:


Chief Financial Officer

 


 
Date:
July 23, 2015



 



 

Page 17 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 



 



Pursuant to Rule 0-2(c) under the 1940 Act, Applicant states that all actions necessary to authorize the execution and filing of this Application have been taken, and the persons signing and filing this document are authorized to do so on behalf of Applicant.


As Managing Partner of Susa Fund Management LLP, Reza Amiri is authorized to sign and file this document on behalf of Susa Fund Management LLP.


 

SUSA FUND MANAGEMENT LLP



 
 


 

By:


/s/ Reza Amiri

 


 

Name:


Reza Amiri

 


 

Title:


Managing Partner

 


 
Date:
July 23, 2015









 

Page 18 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 


 





EXHIBIT INDEX



Exhibit A


Resolutions of the Board of Managers of the Fund




Exhibit B-1


Verification of the Fund




Exhibit B-2


Verification of the Adviser








 

Page 19 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 



 



Exhibit A


Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.


RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF MANAGERS


The following resolutions were duly adopted by the Board of Managers at a meeting held on July 9, 2015:


RESOLVED, that the proper officers of the Fund be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed, with the assistance of counsel, to prepare, execute, and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission an Application for an Order of Exemption, and any amendments thereto, pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 Act, as amended (the "1940 Act"), granting exemptions from Sections 18(c) and 18(i) of the 1940 Act, and pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder, to permit the Fund to issue and to offer multiple classes of limited liability company interests in the Fund having sales loads, asset-based service and/or distribution fees, and/or early withdrawal charges that vary as among such classes; and further


RESOLVED, that the proper officers of the Fund be, and they hereby are, authorized and directed to take such further actions and to execute such other documents as they may deem necessary or advisable, upon advice of counsel, to effectuate the foregoing resolution.





 

Page 20 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 



 



EXHIBIT B-1


VERIFICATION


Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.


The undersigned states that he has duly executed the attached Application dated July 23, 2015 for and on behalf of Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. (the "Fund"); that he is the Chief Financial Officer of the Fund; and that all actions by him and other persons necessary to authorize the undersigned to execute and file such instrument has been taken. The undersigned further states that he is familiar with such instrument and the contents thereof, and that the facts therein set forth are true to the best of his knowledge, information and belief.




 

By:


/s/ Graeme White

 


 

Name:


Graeme White

 


 

Title:


Chief Financial Officer

 








 

Page 21 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 


 





EXHIBIT B-2


VERIFICATION


Susa Fund Management LLP


The undersigned states that he has duly executed the attached Application dated July 23, 2015 for and on behalf of Susa Fund Management LLP ("SFM"); that he is the Managing Partner of SFM; and that all action by him and other persons necessary to authorize the undersigned to execute and file such instrument has been taken. The undersigned further states that he is familiar with such instrument and the contents thereof, and that the facts therein set forth are true to the best of his knowledge, information and belief.




 

By:


/s/ Reza Amiri

 


 

Name:


Reza Amiri

 


 

Title:


Managing Partner

 







 

Page 22 of 22 Pages (including Exhibits)

 









R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘40-APP’ Filing    Date    Other FilingsFiled on:7/23/157/9/154/22/153/25/1511/24/1410/31/146/10/145/21/145/13/144/25/14POS AMI11/21/136/14/135/9/1312/26/1211/26/1211/5/1210/9/128/28/128/2/127/10/126/14/1210/17/119/19/119/22/098/27/099/18/078/23/074/11/063/16/066/7/042/27/041/29/043/3/032/3/031/19/0112/27/0010/16/009/19/002/23/954/7/937/28/92 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001398344-15-004655   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 22:27:30.1 GMT 


Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:27 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeReza   Amiri   1 RelationshipsSusa Registered Fund, L.L.C.--William H. Vanover   1 RelationshipsSusa Registered Fund, L.L.C.--View All Board Members
Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  336.3KBonus  974.2KTotal Short Term Compensation  686.2KTotal Value of Options  3.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESAquila Services Group plc Appoints Derek Joseph as Chairman, Replacing Jeff ZitronJuly 28, 2017 6:00 AM ETMedallion Financial Corp. Appoints John W. Everets as Independent DirectorJuly 27, 2017 8:15 PM ETKestra Financial Names Mark Schoenbeck as Executive Vice President, National Sales DirectorJuly 27, 2017 6:11 PM ETBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited Announces Change of DirectorsJuly 27, 2017 4:01 PM ETBlackRock Greater Europe Investment Trust plc Announces Board AppointmentsJuly 27, 2017 2:16 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























 SECGems: Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
78















←


 1 


 2 


 3 


 4 


→



 Filings:    (1 of 20 - Total: 78)









		
			July 27, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Signed By

 GRAEME WHITE






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				NSAR-A
			




 
					0000940400-17-000453.nc
				






					Semi-annual report for management companies N-SAR ( Investment companies )
				






				Period ending 
			

				May 31, 2017 
			












		
			July 24, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-8F/A
			




 
					0000902664-17-003038.nc
				






					Application for deregistration of registered investment companies
				

















		
			July 12, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-PX
			




 
					0001398344-17-008569.nc
				






					Annual Report of Proxy Voting Record of Registered Management Investment Companies
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2017 
			












		
			June 27, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-8F
			




 
					0000902664-17-002745.nc
				






					Application for deregistration of registered investment companies
				

















		
			May 31, 2017 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I/A
			




 
					0001398344-17-007104.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			May 18, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-Q
			




 
					0001398344-17-006595.nc
				






					Quarterly Schedule of Portfolio Holdings of Registered Management Investment Company
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2017 
			












		
			April 20, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				40-17G
			




 
					0001398344-17-005063.nc
				






					Bond filed (Rule 17g1)
				

















		
			April 7, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Form D persons

 George C Guynn


 John Masterson


 William Vanover


 Graeme White


 Reza Amiri


 - Susa Fund Management LLP

Signed By

 Graeme White






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				D/A
			




 
					0000902664-17-001889.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses )
				




				Item
			

				06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
			








	  Primary Issuer 
	


Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.


			[ Limited Liability Company ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			DELAWARE
		


	  Related Persons
	


George C. Guynn

[ Director ] 
[ Independent Manager ]



John Masterson

[ Director ] 
[ Independent Manager ]



William Vanover

[ Director ] 
[ Independent Manager ]



Graeme White

[ Director ] 
[ Manager and Chief Financial Officer ]



Reza Amiri

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ Chief Executive Officer ]



- Susa Fund Management LLP

[ Promoter ] 
[ Investment Adviser ]



		  Industry
		

		 Pooled Investment Fund Other Investment Fund
		

			Offering Data
		

			Agg net asset value range: Decline to Disclose


Date of first sale: 
2014-04-01


			
				[ Pooled investment fund ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 63,938,001
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ Indefinite
		

			# investors
		
 
			560 investors have already invested in this offering
		












		
			March 30, 2017 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I
			




 
					0001398344-17-004120.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			March 9, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-CSR
			




 
					0001398344-17-003199.nc
				






					Certified annual shareholder report of registered management investment companies
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2016 
			












		
			Feb. 28, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Signed By

 GRAEME WHITE






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				NSAR-B
			




 
					0000940400-17-000121.nc
				






					Annual report for management companies N-SAR ( Investment companies )
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2016 
			












		
			Feb. 28, 2017 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I/A
			




 
					0001398344-17-002502.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			Dec. 23, 2016 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I
			




 
					0001398344-16-022031.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			Dec. 2, 2016 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I/A
			




 
					0001398344-16-021373.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			Nov. 21, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-Q
			




 
					0001398344-16-020953.nc
				






					Quarterly Schedule of Portfolio Holdings of Registered Management Investment Company
				






				Period ending 
			

				Sept. 30, 2016 
			












		
			Sept. 28, 2016 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I
			




 
					0001398344-16-019007.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			Sept. 16, 2016 .
		
	

Filed By

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Subject Company

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				SC TO-I/A
			




 
					0001398344-16-018547.nc
				






					Issuer tender offer statement
				

















		
			Sept. 6, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-CSRS
			




 
					0001398344-16-018048.nc
				






					Certified semi-annual shareholder report of registered management investment companies
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2016 
			












		
			Aug. 26, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 

Signed By

 GRAEME WHITE






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				NSAR-A
			




 
					0000940400-16-001417.nc
				






					Semi-annual report for management companies N-SAR ( Investment companies )
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2016 
			












		
			July 28, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				N-PX
			




 
					0001398344-16-015729.nc
				






					Annual Report of Proxy Voting Record of Registered Management Investment Companies
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2016 
			









 





db
 
 











































Track Hedge Funds Using 13F Filings 

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active

















Quick Nav

Top
1.
10.
20.
30.
40.
50.
60.
70.
80.



NSAR-A Report for Registered Investment Companies
SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C.


View Original SEC Filing




Report for six month period ending:
  05/31/2017




   Is this a transition report?
  No




   Is this an amendment to a previous filing?
  No



1 and 2.
Registrant Information
  
Susa Registered Fund, L.L.C.


4400 Computer Drive

Westborough
MA
            
        


   File Number:  811-22924
   Telephone Number:  8662701948




3.

  Is this the first filing on this form by Registrant?
No


4.
Is this the last filing on this form by Registrant?
Yes


5.
Is Registrant a small business investment company (SBIC)
No


6.
Is Registrant a unit investment trust (UIT)?
No


7.
A. Is Registrant a series or multiple portfolio company
Yes



B. How many separate series or portfolios did Registrant have at the end of the period?
0




      C. List the name of each series or portfolio and give a consecutive number to each series or portfolio starting with the
      number 1
      
Series NumberSeries NameIs this the last filing for this series?

1

No





8.


Advisors
NameIs Advisoror Sub-advisorFile #Address

SUSA FUND MANAGEMENT LLP
A
801-79119

          London,   
          UNITED KINGDOM  W1J 8ED
        





10.

AdministratorsNameFile #Address

BNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US) Inc.
84-01761

          Wilmington, DE  19809






11.

Principal UnderwritersNameFile #Address




12.

Shareholder Servicing AgentNameFile #Address

BNY Mellon Investment Servicing (US) Inc.
84-01761

          WILMINGTON, DE  19809






13.

Independent Public AccountantNameAddress

ERNST & YOUNG, LLP

          NEW YORK, NY  10036






14.

Affiliated Broker/DealerNameFile #




15.

Custodian/Sub-CustodianNameIs Custodian or Sub-custodianAddress
:

BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON
C

          NEW YORK, NY  10286






18.
Does Registrant’s/Series’ custodian(s) maintain some or all of Registrant's/Series' securities in a central
  depository or book-entry system pursuant to Rule 17f-4? 
Yes


19.
Family of investment companies information: 




A. Is Registrant part of a family of investment companies?
No



B. If “Y” (Yes), state the number of registered management investment companies in the family
0



C. Identify the family using 10 letters:



20.

Brokerage commissions paid on portfolio transactions of Registrant: 

    List the 10 brokers which received the largest amount of brokerage commissions (excluding dealer concessions in
    underwritings) by virtue of direct or indirect participation in Registrant’s portfolio transactions, set forth in order
    of size of gross commissions during the current reporting period:
  

Brokers
NameIRS NumberGross Commissions Received from Registrant ($000's omitted)




21
Aggregate brokerage commissions paid by Registrant
  during current reporting period ($000's omitted):
0


22
 Registrant's portfolio transactions with entities acting as principals: 
List the 10 entities acting as principals with whom Registrant did the largest amount of portfolio transactions
  (include all short-term obligations, and U.S. Gov't & tax-free securities) in both the secondary market & in
  underwritten offerings set forth in order of size based upon total value of principal transactions during the current
  reporting period: 
NameIRS NumberRegistrant PurchasesRegistrant sales (excl. maturing securities)




23
Aggregate principal purchase/sale transactions of Registrant during current reporting period ($000’s omitted):



Total Purchases:
 0



Total Sales:
0


24
At the end of the current period, did the Registrant/Series hold any securities of its regular brokers or
  dealers or of the parents of such brokers or dealers that derive more than 15% of gross revenue from
  securities-related activities? 




:
No


25
List below the information requested about Registrant's/Series' holdings of the securities of its regular
  brokers or dealers or of their parents that derive more than 15% of gross revenues from securities-related
  activities: 




NameIRS NumberType of Security OwnedD=debtE=equityValue of any securities owned at end of current period ($000's omitted)




26
Considerations which affected the participation of brokers or dealers or other entities in commissions
  or other compensation paid on portfolio transactions of Registrant:




A. Sale of Registrant's/Series' SharesNo



B. Receipt of investment research and statistical information No



C. Receipt of quotations for portfolio valuations No



D. Ability to execute portfolio transactions to
      obtain best price and execution   No



E. Receipt of telephone line and wire services  No



F. Broker or dealer which is an affiliated person  No



G. Arrangement to return or credit part of all of
       commissions or profits thereon:



To investment adviser, principal underwriter, or
          an affiliated person of either No



To Registrant No




H. Other  No


27
Is Registrant/Series an open-end investment company?No


28
Monthly sales and repurchases of Registrant’s/Series’ shares:






Month of Current Period
Total NAV of Shares Sold: New Sales (Incl. Exchanges)(000's omitted)
Total NAV of Shares Sold: Reinv. of Dividends & Distributions(000's omitted)
Total NAV of Shares Sold: OTher(000's omitted)
Total NAV of Shares Redeemed and Repurchased (Incl. Exchanges)(000's omitted)


Total












H. Total NAV of Registrant's/Series' share sales during the period subject to a sales load ($000's omitted)


29
Was a front-end sales load deducted from any share sales during
  the reporting period?


:No


30.
A. Total front-end sales loads collected from sales (including exchanges) by principal
  underwriter or by any underwriter which is an affiliated person of the
  principal underwriter, of Registrant's/Series' shares during
  the current period ($000's omitted)


:



B. What is the maximum sales load rate in effect at the end of the period as a percentage
      of the offering price?


:



C. What is the minimum sales load rate in effect at the end of the period as a percentage
      of the offering price?


:


31.
A. Net amount retained by Registrant’s/Series’ principal underwriter or by any underwriter
  or dealer which is an affiliated person of the principal underwriter thereof from front-end
  sales loads collected from sales of Registrant’s/Series’ shares during the
  current period ($000’s omitted)
    
: 



B. Amount by which payout by Registrant’s/Series’ principal underwriter or by
    any underwriter which is an affiliated person of the principal underwriter thereof to
    persons or entities selling Registrant’s/Series’ shares exceeded that
    reported in Item 30 ($000’s omitted)
        
: 



32.
Amount Registrant’s/Series’ principal underwriter and any underwriters or dealers
  which are affiliated persons of the principal underwriter paid to dealers which are not affiliated
  persons of the principal underwriter for selling Registrant’s/Series’ shares that were sold with a
  front-end sales load during current period ($000’s omitted)
  
: 
 


33.
Amount paid to a captive retail sales force of Registrant’s/Series principal underwriter
  or of any underwriter or dealer which is an affiliated person of the principal underwriter
  for selling Registrant’s shares that were sold with a front-end sales load during
  current period ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



34.
Did Registrant/Series impose a deferred or contingent deferred sales load
  during the reporting period?
  
: No
 


35.
Total deferred or contingent deferred sales loads collected during current period from redemptions and
  repurchases of Registrant/Series shares ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



36.

  Did Registrant/Series retain all monies collected from the deferred or contingent
  deferred sales load?
    
: No



If answer to sub-item 36A is “N” (No), state the net amount Registrant/Series retained from
    deferred or contingent deferred sales loads ($000’s omitted)
        
: 




37.
Did Registrant/Series impose a redemption fee other than a deferred or contingent sales
  load during the reporting period?
  
: No



38.
Total amount of redemption fees other than deferred or contingent deferred sales loads collected
  from redemptions and repurchases of Registrant’s/Series’ shares during the current period
  ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



39.
Were any account maintenance fees or other administrative fees imposed directly on shareholders
  during the current period?
  
: No



40.
During the period, did the Registrant/Series have a plan of distribution adopted
  pursuant to Rule 12b-1?
  
: No



41.
During the period, did Registrant/Series use its assets directly to make payments under
  the 12b-1 plan?
  
: No



42.
For the current period, indicate the percentage of total dollars paid directly by the Registrant/Series under the
  l2b-1 plan for each of the following:
      

Advertising %
Printing and mailing of prospectuses to other than current shareholders 
Payments to underwriters 
Payments to brokers or dealers 
Direct payments to sales personnel  
Payments to banks and savings and loans 
Other uses, incl. payments to the investment adviser separate from the advisory fee 
Unallocated payments made for a combination of such services 




43.
Total amount paid directly by Registrant/Series pursuant to its 12b-1 plan ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



44.
If an investment adviser or other affiliated person of Registrant/Series made unreimbursed
  payments pursuant to Registrant’s/Series’ 12b-1 plan, state the total amount of such
  payments ($000’s omitted)
  
: 



45.
Did Registrant/Series have an advisory contract during the period?
  
: No



46.
Did Registrant/Series pay more than one investment adviser directly for investment
  advice during the period?
  
: No



47.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee based solely on a percentage of its assets?
  
: No



48.
If answer to 47 is “Y” (Yes), fill in the table or the single fee rate based on the
  advisory contract:
  
 SINGLE FEE RATE: 

STEP:ASSET VALUE($000's omitted)ANNUAL FEE RATE



ADVISORY FEE

49.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based solely on a percentage
  of its income?
  
: No



50.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based on some combined percentage
  of its income and assets?
  
: No



51.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based in whole or in part on its
  investment performance?
  
: No



52.
Was Registrant’s/Series’ advisory fee during the period based in whole or in part upon the
  assets, income or performance of other registrants?
  
: No



53.




         Were the expenses of the Registrant/Series limited or reduced at any time during the
         period by some agreement or understanding other than by blue sky laws?
         No
         
         If 53A is “Y” (Yes), was limitation that applied during current period based upon:
       

      Assets? No
    

          Income? No
        




54.
Indicate below whether services were supplied or paid for wholly or in substantial part by investment
  adviser(s) or administrator(s) in connection with the advisory or administrative contract(s) but for which the
  adviser(s) or administrator(s) are not reimbursed by the Registrant:
      


         Occupancy and office rental:
         No
       

      Clerical and bookkeeping services: No
    
Accounting services: No
Services of independent auditors: No
Services of outside counsel: No
Registration and filing fees: No
Stationery, supplies and printing: No
Salaries & compensation of Registrant’s interested directors: No
Salaries & compensation of Registrant’s disinterested directors: No
Salaries & compensation of Registrant’s officers who are not directors: No
Reports to current shareholders: No
Determination of offering and redemption prices: No
Trading department: No
Prospectus preparation and printing for current shareholders: No
Other: No




55.


Did Registrant/Series have any of the following outstanding at any time during the current period which exceeded
               1% of aggregate net assets?


      Overdrafts No
    

      Bank loans No
        



56.
During the period, did the Registrant’s/Series’ investment adviser(s) have advisory clients

  other than investment companies?
  
: No
 


57.
Did the Registrant/Series adjust the number of its shares outstanding by means of a stock split

  or stock dividend?
  
: No



58.




      Is Registrant/Series a separate account of an insurance company? No
    

      Variable annuity contracts? No
        
Scheduled premium variable life contracts? No
Flexible premium variable life contracts? ( No
Other types of insurance products registered under the Securities Act of 1933? No




59.
Is Registrant/Series a management investment company?
  
: No



60.




      Was Registrant/Series a diversified investment company at any time during the
      period?  No
    

      Is Registrant/Series a diversified investment company as of the end of the
      reporting period? No
        




61.
What is the lowest minimum initial investment required by Registrant/Series from an investor

  that is not an employee or otherwise affiliated with the Registrant/Series, its adviser,

  principal underwriter or other affiliated entity?
  
: 



62.




      Does Registrants/Series invest primarily in debt securities, including convertible debt securities,
      options and futures on debt securities or indices of debt securities?   No
      
      If answer is “Y” (Yes), state the percentage of net assets in each type at the end of the current period:
    
U.S. Treasury 
U.S. Government Agency 
Repurchase agreements 
State and municipal tax-free 
Bank Certificates of deposit—domestic 
Bank Certificates of deposit—foreign 
Bankers acceptances 
Commercial paper taxable 
Time deposits 
Options 
All other  
    
      Intermediate & Long-Term Maturities
U.S. Treasury 
U.S. Government Agency 
State and Municipal tax-free 
Corporate 
All other 
Investments other than debt securities 



63.


State the dollar weighted average portfolio maturity at the end of the period covered by this report
in days or, if longer than 1 yr., in years to one decimal place: 


      days 
    

     years 
        



64.




      Is the timely payment of principal and interest on any of the instruments listed in
      item 62 insured or guaranteed by an entity other than the issuer? No
    

      Is the issuer of any instrument covered in item 62 delinquent or in default as to payment of
      principal or interest at the end of the current period? No
        



65.
In computations of NAV per share, is any part of the value attributed to instruments identified
  in sub-item 64B derived from insurance or guarantees?
  
: No



66.




      Is the Registrant/Series a fund that usually invests in equity securities, options and futures
      on equity securities, indices of equity securities or securities convertible into
      equity securities?    No
      
      [If answer is “N” (No), go to item 67. Otherwise, place a “Y” on the line below which best
      describes its primary investment objective
    
Aggressive capital appreciation No
Capital appreciation No
Growth No
Growth and income No
Income No
Total return No



67.
Is the Registrant/Series a balanced fund?
  
: No



68.

Does the Registrant/Series have more than 50% of its net assets at the end of the current period invested in: 



      The securities of issuers engaged primarily in the production or distribution of
      precious metals?  No
    

      The securities of issuers located primarily in countries other than the
      United States?  No
        



69.
Is the Registrant/Series an index fund?
  
: No



70.
Investment practices
  

ActivityPermitted by investment policies?If permitted by investment policies, engaged in during the reporting period?

A.
Writing or investing in repurchase agreements
No
No


B.
Writing or investing in options on equities
No
No


C.
Writing or investing in options on debt securities
No
No


D.
Writing or investing in options on stock indices 
No
No


E.
Writing or investing in interest rate futures
No
No


F.
Writing or investing in stock index futures
No
No


G.
Writing or investing in options on futures
No
No


H.
Writing or investing in options on stock index futures
No
No


I.
Writing or investing in other commodity futures
No
No


J.
Investments in restricted securities
No
No


K.
Investments in shares of other investment companies
No
No


L.
Investments in securities of foreign issuers
No
No


M.
Currency exchange transactions
No
No


N.
Loaning portfolio securities
No
No


O.
Borrowing of money
No
No


P.
Purchases/sales by certain exempted affiliated persons
No
No


Q.
Margin purchases
No
No


R.
Short selling
No
No




 

71.
Portfolio turnover rate for the current reporting period:
  




       Purchases ($000’s omitted)   
     

       Sales [including all maturities] ($000’s omitted)  
         

       Monthly average value of portfolio ($000’s omitted)  
              

       Percent turnover (Use the lesser of 71A or 71B divided by 71C)  %
              




FINANCIAL INFORMATION

72.
Investment practices
  


A.How many months do the answers to items 72 and 73 cover? 
INCOME
B.Net interest income 
C.Net dividend income 
D.Account maintenance fees  
E.Net other income  
EXPENSES
F.Gross advisory fees 
G.Gross administrator(s) fees 
H.Salaries and other compensation (negative answer allowed) 
I.Shareholder servicing agent fees 
J.Custodian fees  
K.Postage 
L.Printing expenses 
M.Directors’ fees  
N.Registration fees 
O.Taxes 
P.Interest  
Q.Bookkeeping fees paid to anyone performing this service  
R.Auditing fees  
S.Legal fees 
T.Marketing/distribution payments including payments
          pursuant to a Rule l2b-l plan 
U.Amortization of organization expenses 
V.Shareholder meeting expenses 
W.Other expenses 
X.Total expenses 
Y.Expense reimbursements 
Z.Net investment income 
AA.Realized capital gains 
BB.Realized capital losses 
CC.1. Net unrealized appreciation during the period 
2. Net unrealized depreciation during the period 
DD.1. Total income dividends for which record date passed during the period 
2. Dividends for a second class of open-end company shares  
EE.Total capital gains distribution for which record date passed during the period 





73.
Payments per share outstanding during the entire current period:
  





Dividends from net investment income 
Dividends for a second class of open-end company shares 



       Distributions of capital gains  
         

       Other distributions   
              





74.
Condensed balance sheet data
  


A.Cash  
B.Repurchase agreements 
C.Short-term debt securities other than repurchase agreements 
D.Long-term debt securities including convertible debt 
E.Preferred, convertible preferred and adjustable rate preferred stock 
F.Common stock  
G.Options on equities  
H.Options on all futures 
I.Other investments 
J.Receivables from portfolio instruments sold 
K.Receivables from affiliated persons 
L.Other receivables 
M.All other assets 
N.Total assets 
O.Payables for portfolio instruments purchased 
P.Amounts owed to affiliated persons 
Q.Senior long-term debt 
R.Other liabilities
1. Reverse repurchase agreements
2. Short sales
3. Written options
4. All other liabilities
S.Senior equity 
T.Net assets of common shareholders 
U.1. Number of shares outstanding 
2. Number of shares outstanding of a second class of open-end company shares 
V.1. Net asset value per share (to nearest cent) 
2. Net asset value per share of a second class of open-end company shares 
W.Mark-to-market net asset value per share for money market funds only (to four decimals)  
X.Total number of shareholder accounts  
Y.Total value of assets in segregated accounts 





75.
Average net assets during the current reporting period ($000’s omitted). Answer only one:
  




       Daily average (for money market funds)  
         

       Monthly average (for all other funds)    
              





76.
Market price per share at end of period (closed-end funds only)
  
: 



77.


A.Is the Registrant filing any of the following attachments with the current filing of Form
    N-SAR?  No
B.Accountant’s report on internal control   No
C.Matters submitted to a vote of security holders  No
D.Policies with respect to security investments  No
E.Legal proceedings  No
F.Changes in security for debt  No
G.Defaults and arrears on senior securities  No
H.Changes in control of Registrant  No
I.Terms of new or amended securities   No
J.Revaluation of assets or restatement of capital share account  No
K.Changes in Registrant’s certifying accountant  No
L.Changes in accounting principles and practices  No
M.Mergers  No
N.Actions required to be reported pursuant to Rule 2a-7  No
O.Transactions effected pursuant to Rule l0f-3  No
P.Information required to be filed pursuant to existing exemptive orders  No



78.
Does the Registrant have any wholly-owned investment company subsidiaries whose operating &
  financial data are consolidated with that of Registrant in this report?  
No


79.
List the “811” numbers and names of Registrant’s wholly-owned investment company subsidiaries
  consolidated in this report.
 
811 NumberSubsidiary Name



80.
Fidelity bond(s) in effect at the end of the period:
  




       Insurer Name:  
         

       Second Insurer:  
              
Aggregate face amount of coverage for Registrant/Series on all bonds on which

     it is named as an insured ($000’s omitted):  
                   





81.






       Is the bond part of a joint fidelity bond(s) shared with other investment companies
       or other entities?   No
         
If the answer to 81A is “Y” (Yes), how many other investment companies or other
     entities are covered by the bond?  
                   





82.





Does the mandatory coverage of the fidelity bond have a deductible?   No
If the answer to 82A is “Y” (Yes), what is the amount of the deductible? ($000’s omitted)   





83.





Were any claims with respect to this Registrant/Series filed under the bond
     during the period?   No
If the answer to 83A is “Y” (Yes), what was the total amount of such claim(s)?
     ($000’s omitted)   





84.





Were any losses incurred with respect to this Registrant/Series that could have been filed
     as a claim under the fidelity bond but were not?   No
If the answer to sub-item 84A is “Y” (Yes), what was the total amount of such

     losses? ($000’s omitted)   





85.





Are Registrant’s/Series’ officers and directors covered as officers and directors of
     Registrant/Series under any errors and omissions insurance policy owned by the
     Registrant/Series or anyone else? No
Were any claims filed under such policy during the period with respect to Registrant/
     Series   No




CLOSED-END INVESTMENT COMPANIES

86.
Sales, repurchases, and redemptions of Registrant’s securities:
  
ClassNumber of Shares or
     Principal
     Amount of Debt ($000’s omitted)Net Consideration Received or Paid
    ($000’s omitted) 
Common Stock:
A. Sales0484
B. Repurchases047672
Preferred Stock:
C. Sales00
D. Repurchases and redemptions0
Debt Securities:
E. Sales00
F. Repurchases and redemptions 00


87.
Securities of Registrant registered on a national securities exchange or listed on NASDAQ:
 
Title of each class of securities CUSIP or NASDAQ NOTicker Symbol



88.


Notes or bonds No
Uncovered options  No
Margin loans No
Preferred stock No










Elevate your investments
Try it for free
















SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C.
                    

•   WESTBOROUGH, MA
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Susa Registered Fund is based out of Westborough.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-04-07. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SUSA REGISTERED FUND, L.L.C., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




susa registered fund, l.l.c.


4400 COMPUTER DRIVE

WESTBOROUGH
MA
                                                        
                                                    01584


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      866-270-1948







Recent SEC Filings




NSAR-A filed on 07/27/2017
N-8F/A filed on 07/24/2017
N-PX filed on 07/12/2017
N-8F filed on 06/27/2017
SC TO-I/A filed on 05/31/2017
N-Q filed on 05/18/2017
40-17G filed on 04/20/2017
D/A filed on 04/07/2017
SC TO-I filed on 03/30/2017
N-CSR filed on 03/09/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-04-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
63,938,001
INDEFINITE


2016-04-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
58,717,524
INDEFINITE


2015-04-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
40,056,039
INDEFINITE


2014-04-07
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
13,980,431
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   SUSA FUND MANAGEMENT LLP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



GEORGE C.  GUYNN

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



GRAEME   WHITE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



JOHN   MASTERSON

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



REZA   AMIRI

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



WILLIAM   VANOVER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















