    Matthew Sutton | Seattle Opera | ZoomInfo.com

	COMBAT DIARIES Trademark of Sutton, Matthew. Serial Number: 85488353 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Personal & Legal & Social Services
COMBAT DIARIES










 
Get FREE email alerts













COMBAT DIARIES  Trademark Information
 Sutton, Matthew
On-line social networking services




Perfect for these industries

Personal & Legal & Social Services





Words that describe this mark
online   social   networking   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the COMBAT DIARIES trademark by Sutton, Matthew 
                                in Richlands, NC, 28574.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this COMBAT DIARIES trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Sutton, Matthew of the COMBAT DIARIES trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the COMBAT DIARIES trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, December 06, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        COMBAT DIARIES by 
                        Sutton, Matthew, Richlands, NC  28574.
                        The USPTO has given the COMBAT DIARIES 
                        trademark serial  number of  85488353.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for COMBAT DIARIES is 
                        
                        
                                            MATTHEW H. SWYERS, ESQ. of 
                                            THE TRADEMARK COMPANY,  344 MAPLE AVE W STE 151, VIENNA, VA 22180-5612 
                                .
                            The COMBAT DIARIES trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Personal & Legal & Social Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for COMBAT DIARIES 
                            is On-line social networking services. 
                            





Word mark:
 COMBAT DIARIES


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

11/30/2012






  Serial Number:  
85488353


  Filing Date:  
12/6/2011


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
On-line social networking services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Sutton, MatthewRichlands, NC  28574
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MATTHEW H. SWYERS, ESQ.
THE TRADEMARK COMPANY
344 MAPLE AVE W STE 151
VIENNA, VA 22180-5612






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (045) - Legal services; security services for the protection of property and individuals; personal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individuals. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your COMBAT DIARIES trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/30/2012
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MATTHEW H. SWYERS, ESQ.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of COMBAT DIARIES trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search combatdiaries on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for COMBAT DIARIES 




COMBAT DIARIES is providing On-line social networking services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 













 


 

Matthew Sutton's involvement in venture capital (via Isheetmusic Llc, Hci Cleaning Products Llc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/85421-sutton-matthewsection=people&subsection=detail&id=85421




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


MatthewSuttonGet alertedif Matthew Sutton gets funded!Matthew SuttonIsheetmusic Llc - Promoter, Executive_OfficerHci Cleaning Products Llc - DirectorDeals involving Matthew Sutton$100,000 raised with Isheetmusic Llc on March, 2011$350,000 raised with Hci Cleaning Products Llc on August, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Matthew Sutton on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











MATTHEW W DINSLAGE OD - SUTTON, NE - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NE



SUTTON



offices and Clinics of Optometrists



Offices And Clinics Of Optometrists



                            MATTHEW W DINSLAGE OD
                                    



 





















M 


MATTHEW W DINSLAGE OD
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



220 N SAUNDERS AVE SUTTON, NE 68979
Get Directions



(402) 773-4397





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $98,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Optometrists
 Contacts MATTHEW W DINSLAGE







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007, Matthew W Dinslage Od has been providing Offices And Clinics Of Optometrists from Sutton. Matthew W Dinslage Od has estimated annual revenues of $98,000.00 and also employs an estimated 3 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Matthew Sutton - AngelList
































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











































Matthew Sutton






Director of Product Management @Megapath President/CTO of @iSheetMusic, Founder/CEO/CTO of @HyBlue, @SiteConnect and others







Product Manager



Seattle










10 Connections



















There was a problem loading your content.


















Matthew Sutton



Log in
or
sign up
to find connections to Matthew.





Connect














Experience











Megapath


Director of Product Management

2015 - 2016 (7 months)



Recruited to rationalize their access vendors and products.  Negotiated contracts with 10 major telecom vendors, saving company >$250k per year.  Led cross functional teams... more to release multiple Internet Access products in 30 day sprints.  New products responsible for >20% revenue growth within first 60 days after release.












Respect Network


VP Products 

2014 (9 months)



Sold HyBlue to Respect Network and joined as VP Products. 












HyBlue


Founder/CTO

2003 - 2014 (almost 11 years)



Held 11-year tenure at the CTO at HyBlue, a cloud security company.  Conceived and led the design/development of cutting-edge privacy, security, and management solutions aimed... more at the Small and Medium-Sized Business (SMB) segment.  Sold HyBlue to Respect Network in March of 2014.












iSheetMusic


Founder, CEO/CTO

2010 - 2014 (over 3 years)



Led design and development of the first mobile, multimedia enabled sheetmusic app, managed fundraising and assisted in go to market strategy. Setup and managed a highly reliable... more  NOC environment and negotiated licensing agreements with the largest sheet music company in the world. 












HyBlue


Founder, CEO/CTO

2003 - 2014 (over 10 years)



Held 11-year tenure at the CTO at HyBlue, a cloud security company. Conceived and led the design/development of cutting-edge privacy, security, and management solutions aimed... more  at the Small and Medium-Sized Business (SMB) segment. Sold HyBlue to Respect Network in March of 2014. 












iSheetMusic


Founter/CTO

2010 - 2014 (about 4 years)



Led design and development of the first mobile, multimedia enabled sheetmusic app, managed fundraising and assisted in go to market strategy.  Setup and managed a highly reliable... more NOC environment and negotiated licensing agreements with the largest sheet music company in the world.









Exit





Speakeasy


VP Network Planning

2001 - 2003 (about 2 years)



Held senior-level role with this extremely fast-growing Internet connectivity and services provider, focused on identifying and negotiating profitable new initiatives with... more vendors, partners, and resellers.  Lowered the company's operating costs by >$2M per year via the securing of favorable contracts.  Performed complex financial modeling and forecasting activities, including development of a comprehensive cost analysis for the company's network of 40,000 customers. 












Cypress Communications


Director of Special Projects

2000 - 2001 (9 months)



Following the purchase of SiteConnect, retained by the acquiring organization—a top CLEC and nationwide broadband provider—to spearhead new product development efforts, as... more well as successfully integrate all SiteConnect IP assets and products into the Cypress portfolio.  Company was later acquired by Broadvox.












SiteConnect


Founder & President/CTO

1996 - 2000 (almost 4 years)



Designed and managed the deployment of the first Ethernet Metropolitan Area Network (MAN) in downtown Seattle, providing Internet connectivity to over 5 million square feet... more of Class A office Space.  Developed the initial business plan, raised capital, and managed all teams including sales, support, and engineering.  Achieved 25% customer penetration in all wired buildings as well as profitability before selling to Cypress Communications in 2000.








Founder

iSheetMusic, 
HyBlue



Employee

iSheetMusic, 
Respect Network, 
Speakeasy, 
Cypress Communications, 
HyBlue, 
Megapath, 
SiteConnect



Investor

 



Syndicator

 



Incubator

 



Advisor

 



Attorney

 



Board Member

 



Mentor

 



Member

 



Acquired

 



Customer

 



Service Provider

 















About










What I Do






I bring a unique blend of technology, business and user sensibility to everything I do. I've built technology businesses in music, internet, software and consulting.  


Describe what you have done, what you are doing, and the kinds of things you are interested in.









Achievements






I've started multiple companies, sold some.  Worked with rock stars, made amazing products and am now looking to join a company that is building something cool.


Describe the most impressive thing you've done.









Skills






Software Architecture
Music Technology
Music Production
Music Startups
Audio Engineering
Audio Technology
Startups
SaaS
Product Management
Strategic Planning
Business Strategy
Cloud Computing
Mobile Application Design
Strategic Partnerships
Software Project Management
Cross-Functional Team Leadership









What I'm Looking For






A small to medium sized company with innovation somewhere in its mission.


Describe what you're looking for in a company.























People also viewed












Eric Paley


Managing Partner, @founder-collective











Ashton Kutcher


Investor in @airbnb, @uber,...












Marc Weiss


Owner, Open Field Capital











Sam Altman












Frank Moss


Innovation Iconoclast. Entrepreneur....











Hunter Walk


Currently Partner @ Homebrew;...












Michael Skok


Investor











Aigerim Shorman


Product Manager @facebook. Advisor to...





























Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified









American Apocalypse — Matthew Avery Sutton | Harvard University Press





 





 













 






















Advanced Search

 


About & Contact
Browse Subjects
Catalogs
eBooks
News
Order
Rights
Permissions

Cart: [0] 


Resources for:
Authors
Booksellers & Librarians
Educators
Journalists
Readers

 



American ApocalypseA History of Modern Evangelicalism 
Matthew Avery Sutton 






Add to Cart Product Details
HARDCOVER


$35.00 • £27.95 • €31.50							
ISBN 9780674048362
Publication: December 2014Trade 
480 pages6-1/8 x 9-1/4 inches28 halftonesBelknap PressWorld 


Related Subjects
HISTORY: United States: 20th CenturyRELIGION: Christian Church: HistoryRELIGION: Religion, Politics & State








 


Share This














Educators: Request an online exam copy »What’s this? 





About This BookAbout the AuthorsReviewsTable of Contents 

The first comprehensive history of modern American evangelicalism to appear in a generation, American Apocalypse shows how a group of radical Protestants, anticipating the end of the world, paradoxically transformed it.
Matthew Avery Sutton draws on extensive archival research to document the ways an initially obscure network of charismatic preachers and their followers reshaped American religion, at home and abroad, for over a century. Perceiving the United States as besieged by Satanic forces—communism and secularism, family breakdown and government encroachment—Billy Sunday, Charles Fuller, Billy Graham, and others took to the pulpit and airwaves to explain how Biblical end-times prophecy made sense of a world ravaged by global wars, genocide, and the threat of nuclear extinction. Believing Armageddon was nigh, these preachers used what little time was left to warn of the coming Antichrist, save souls, and prepare the nation for God’s final judgment.
By the 1980s, President Ronald Reagan and conservative Republicans appropriated evangelical ideas to create a morally infused political agenda that challenged the pragmatic tradition of governance through compromise and consensus. Following 9/11, the politics of apocalypse continued to resonate with an anxious populace seeking a roadmap through a world spinning out of control. Premillennialist evangelicals have erected mega-churches, shaped the culture wars, made and destroyed presidential hopefuls, and brought meaning to millions of believers. Narrating the story of modern evangelicalism from the perspective of the faithful, Sutton demonstrates how apocalyptic thinking continues to exert enormous influence over the American mainstream today.

Related LinksRead Matthew Sutton’s Washington Post overview of some evangelical beliefs about an imminent apocalypse—including the possible involvement of Russian President Vladimir Putin
Read an interview with Sutton at Salon
On BBC Radio Ulster’s Sunday Sequence, listen to Sutton discuss how evangelical Christianity’s belief in an imminent apocalypse influences American foreign policy [at 12:34]
Listen to Sutton’s discussion of American evangelicalism on the Irish radio program Moncrieff [at 36:30]
Listen to an interview with Sutton on WBUR’s Here and Now
Read a New York Times op-ed by Sutton on Christian apocalypticism in recent American politics and watch him expand on that theme on MSNBC’s The Last Word with Lawrence O’Donnell [autoplay video] 




Permalink

Find at a Bookstore [+/-]

Seminary Co-op »
Powell’s »
IndieBound »
Barnes & Noble »
Amazon »
More Bookstores…

Find at a Library »Cite This Book » 
Also Available AsPAPERBACK | $22.95

ISBN 9780674975439TradeAwardsA Choice Outstanding Academic Title of 2015
A Christian Century Christmas Gift Guide Selection, 2014 


 






Recent News



After President Trump’s tweets barring transgender Americans from military service, Ronit Y. Stahl, author of Enlisting Faith, and Jennifer Mittelstadt, author of The Rise of the Military Welfare State, wrote at the Washington Post of the military’s historical role as a machine of both war and social change.
Collecting the World author James Delbourgo discussed Hans Sloane and the origins of the British Museum with the BBC’s History Extra podcast.
The New Republic spoke with Viet Thanh Nguyen about the predominant themes of his work, from his award-winning fiction to Nothing Ever Dies: Vietnam and the Memory of War.
George Andreou, currently vice president and senior editor at Alfred A. Knopf, has been named Director of Harvard University Press.


 

Stay Posted

Browse our interactive Autumn/Winter 2017 catalog.
Now Available: The digital Loeb Classical Library (loebclassics.com) extends the founding mission of James Loeb with an interconnected, fully searchable, perpetually growing virtual library of all that is important in Greek and Latin literature.
Find new facing-page translations of classic works from the Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, I Tatti Renaissance Library, Loeb Classical Library, and Murty Classical Library of India.
Booksellers and Librarians: Our recent titles are available via Edelweiss.

Off the Page: Visit our multimedia page for video about recent projects and interviews with HUP authors.
Join Our Mailing List: Subscribe to receive information about forthcoming books, seasonal catalogs, and more, in newsletters tailored to your interests.













Blog


July 13: Liu Xiaobo and the Responsibility of Being Alive
The Chinese dissident and Nobel Peace Prize recipient Liu Xiaobo died today, a few short weeks after the Chinese government revealed that he was suffering from cancer that had progressed beyond treatment during his political imprisonment. The course of his life was forever altered by the Tiananmen Square demonstrations of 1989, and, as Perry Link notes at NYR Daily, Liu felt haunted by the “lost souls” of Tiananmen, “the aggrieved ghosts of students and workers alike whose ages would forever be the same as on the night they died.” His widow Liu Xia reports that he dedicated his Nobel Prize to them in 2010, as he’d done in 2003 after receiving an award from the Chinese Demo…




 

About & Contact | Awards | Browse | Catalogs | Conference Exhibits | eBooks | Exam Copies | News | Order | Rights | Permissions | Search | Shopping Cart
Resources for: Authors | Booksellers & Librarians | Educators | Journalists | Readers
Harvard University Press offices are located at 79 Garden Street, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA & Vernon House, 23 Sicilian Avenue, London WC1A 2QS UK
© 2017 President and Fellows of Harvard College | Read our Privacy Policy

 



