




2016-2017 James R. Swartz Entrepreneurial Fellows -     Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship - Carnegie Mellon University












 






Carnegie Mellon University
———










Search

 Search  Search this site only 





Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship 



Swartz Center for Entrepreneurship
                                      ›  Education & Resources
                                                  ›  Experiential Learning
                                                  ›  James R. Swartz Entrepreneurial Fellows
                                                  ›              2016-2017 James R. Swartz Entrepreneurial Fellows
                            

2016-2017 James R. Swartz Entrepreneurial Fellows

Andrew Ellerhorst
Masters in Business Administration, Tepper School of Business﻿Andrew is a first-year MBA candidate at the Tepper School of Business. Prior to Tepper, Andrew was a graduate of GE's Financial Management Program (FMP) and a member of the well respected Corporate Audit Staff (CAS). Upon leaving CAS, Andrew worked as the financial analyst of GE Lighting's New Product Introduction (NPI) for LED products. He worked closely with the business's technology leaders to develop a more robust analysis of NPI programs prior to launch and how GE Lighting measured the success after launch.
Shortly after this Andrew was offered a role as the Associate Product Manager for Consumer LED Products. He worked with Marketing, Sales, Sourcing, Distribution, and Technology functions to help drive GE Lighting's consumer products transition from traditional lighting products to LED. Additionally, in his role as Product Manager, Andrew was tasked with managing the development and launch of C by GE, a connected LED bulb utilizing a proprietary BLE Mesh. As part of this launch Andrew managed the development of the product, app, and the development of GE's first direct-to-consumer sales platform. It was this experience with C by GE and the high growth market of LED lighting that sparked Andrew's interest in entrepreneurship.
Andrew's interests in entrepreneurship at Carnegie Mellon are far reaching as he works through the various opportunities available. He is currently working on developing a unique direct to consumer e-commerce business, and has interest learning about what it takes to build a strong sustainable business.
Andrew's LinkedIn page
aellerho@tepper.cmu.edu


Vineet Jain
Masters in Business Administration, Tepper School of BusinessVineet is a first-year MBA student at the Tepper School of Business. Prior to joining Tepper, Vineet co-founded Surfboard LMS, an e-learning platform that enables education providers to easily create, package, market, and deliver content to wider audiences.
Before starting Surfboard, Vineet worked as product development consultant to startups in the IoT, big data, consumer electronics, and satellite communication industry.
Vineet’s entrepreneurial goals lie in leveraging his product development and technology background to envision, create, and launch innovative products.
Outside his entrepreneurial endeavors, Vineet enjoys finding mindfulness in backpacking, long-distance hiking, rock-climbing, yoga, and meditation.
Vineet's LinkedIn page
vjain1@tepper.cmu.edu

Gus Jenkins
Master of Engineering and Technology Innovation Management and Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering
Gus Jenkins is a first-year master’s student studying Mechanical Engineering and Engineering & Technology Innovation Management at Carnegie Mellon University. Gus has a strong passion for high-tech and believes that coupling high-tech and other disciplines will continue to shape the world. During senior year of his undergraduate studies, he served on the Region-II Executive Board of one of the largest student run organizations in the U.S., The National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE). During his term, he raised more than $90k through strategic corporate partnerships which contributed to NSBE’s Region II conferences and NSBE’s mission statement.
Gus is the cofounder of Quick Connections, an Internet of Things (IoT) & mobile computing company that enhances and optimizes real-time networking experiences with their electronic business card and/or mobile application. Prior to joining CMU, Gus led Quick Connections in a student entrepreneurship competition and placed first to receive funding.
In his free time, Gus enjoys community service and giving back with time, resources, and knowledge. He hopes to have a big impact on inner-cities and underrepresented minorities through social entrepreneurship.
Gus' LinkedIn page
gjenkins@andrew.cmu.edu

Nurie Jeong
Master of Design, School of Design, College of Fine Arts
Nurie is a first-year master of design candidate at School of Design. Studying business at undergrad and having project manager background, she is interested in commercializing design innovation and adopting design-centric culture in product development. She believes that design is a process of understanding customer behaviors and creating pleasurable solutions. Before joining CMU, Nurie worked as a UX researcher and big data analyst at Samsung Electronic for 5 years and a half in Suwon, South Korea. While working at Samsung, she collaborated with a big-data based career consulting startup company as a service designer for a year. Recently, she joined a social innovation startup team in Berlin and worked as a UX designer.
In terms of technology, Nurie is interested in seamless, click-to-mortar interaction and designing conversational and gestural UIs. She believes that there is no border between online and offline, reality and virtual reality. Her entrepreneurial interest is providing unique travel experiences to travelers that help them deeply understand local cultures and eventually, shifts the paradigm of vacation.
Nurie's LinkedIn pageWeb Portfolio URL http://www.nuriejeong.com
njeong@andrew.cmu.edu
 

Bobby Kania
Masters in Business Administration, Tepper School of Business
Bobby is a first-year MBA candidate at the Tepper School of Business. Prior to Tepper, he was a digital product manager and business analyst at Capital One. As a product manager, Bobby led the development of a $1 million ATM innovation project and launched a successful pilot to over 500 customers before leaving to come to business school. Bobby also runs several online businesses which include a web-tool that services over 40,000 bloggers/journalists per month and an e-commerce website that sells violas and accessories.
Bobby has a passion for finding opportunities where technology can help people solve daily challenges. He is always open to new ideas and loves learning about new technologies and products.
Bobby's LinkedIn PageWebsite: Capitalize My Title
rckania@tepper.cmu.edu


Arthi Manivasakam
Masters in Business Administration, Tepper School of Business
Arthi is a first-year MBA student at the Tepper School of Business. Her interest in entrepreneurship started while in high school after designing and creating her own prom dresses. She received such positive feedback from her friends and family that it sparked her interest to one day start her own fashion business. 
Arthi’s first step on her journey was Boston University where she studied business focusing on entrepreneurship and operations. Upon graduating, she began her career working in product development for a healthcare startup where she realized her second passion which was marketing. She transitioned to work multiple marketing roles at TiE-Boston, the Boston chapter of The Indus Entrepreneurs, a global non-profit organization with a mission to foster entrepreneurship. While working at TiE-Boston, she studied fashion design part-time continuing towards her goal of starting her fashion business. 
Arthi is continuing her passion for entrepreneurship by working on her father’s cleantech startup, Ecophyrin, which creates environmentally-friendly biofuel from plant waste. She hopes to utilize the connections and resources available to her as a Swartz Fellow to take Ecophyrin to the next level before starting her fashion venture.
Arthi's LinkedIn page
amanivas@tepper.cmu.edu

Aaksha Meghawat
Masters of Language Technologies (MLT), Language Technologies Institute (LTI), School of Computer Science
Aaksha is a second year master’s student at the School of Computer Science. Aaksha is a techie and loves making cool products. She first dabbled in startups, developing ‘Xplorer’, a travel itinerary aggregator during her undergrad. She brings in tremendous product development experience having worked briefly at London Business School to develop a hedge fund simulator, Morgan Stanley, Brevan Howard & Opera Solutions. She also spent 1.5 years as a manager at Sutherland Global driving change in business processes using algorithms, acquiring an indepth industry perspective. At CMU, she is involved in cutting edge research in machine learning and hopes to combine the academic and industry perspectives to create impactful and amazing technology products! 
Aaksha double majored in Math and Computer Science at BITS Pilani, India. It is her lifelong vision to combine the capabilities of technology with the complexities of people. Data and lots of it, viewed/ transformed into the right perspective can enhance human decisions for speed, ease and quality. She wants to be at the forefront of building innovative systems and companies that make this happen.
Aaksha's LinkedIn page
ameghawa@andrew.cmu.edu


Apoorva Reddy Neelapu
Masters in Public Policy and Management, Heinz College
Apoorva Reddy is a current Masters in Science Public Policy and Management student with a focus on Social Innovation and Entrepreneurship at the John Heinz School of Public Policy. Prior to grad school, she has had start-up experiences while connecting marginal farmer groups in rural India to urban, semi-urban and international markets, which led to fairer margins & sustainable growth for them. During her work with a social incubator, she provided business coaching for grass-root entrepreneurs to build overall strategy and financial viability for their social enterprises. During her 5+ years of experience in parallel domains such as Start-ups, Social Enterprise and Not-for-profit organizations, Sustainable and Ethical Value Chains, Qualitative research and Media and Journalism, she traveled to more than 150 villages in rural India and met with close to 400+ smallholder farmers, artisan, craftsmen and handloom weavers. 
During grad-school, she co-founded Tip4Change – a marketplace that uses the power of story-telling to map and evaluate the value chain of ethical products. Tip4Change empowers producer groups to build sustainable businesses and ensures transparency between consumers and producers while spurring curiosity and dialogue around conscious consumerism. 
She is the first recipient of the Wildcat Venture Partners’ Scholarship for Entrepreneurship and Innovation, founder of the Social Innovation Club at CMU and an Advisory Board Member of UpPrize Social Innovation Challenge 2016-2017. 
Finding solutions to societal problems both excite and challenge her. Today, her biggest interest lies in formulating strategy to develop economically viable social enterprises and implementing technology solutions for grass-root impact.
Apoorva's LinkedIn page
aneelapu@andrew.cmu.edu

Nathan Pitzer
Masters in Business Administration, Tepper School of Business
Nathan is a first year student pursuing his MBA at the Tepper School of Business. Prior to his current pursuit, he worked at a growth stage startup, aPriori Technologies, for four years. While working for aPriori he managed a team of consultants and was ultimately accountable for the success of an international 15 project portfolio. Here he learned to partner with members from various levels of an organization to discover their problems, from the C-suite to floor manufacturing workers, and solve these through innovative solutions. This innovation allowed his department to grow by nearly 400% over the course of his tenure at aPriori Technologies.
Nathan's goal of solving problems through innovation has stayed true and he is optimistic of his cohorts' ability to solve these everyday problems. He is actively detecting problems which inhibit market shifts and trying to figure out how to facilitate these shifts. Two general markets, which are of particular interest to Nathan, include increased internet activity on mobile devices and rental based business models for things that are typically owned.
Nathan's LinkedIn page 
npitzer@tepper.cmu.edu


Puru Rastogi
Master’s in Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering (second year)
﻿Puru is a roboticist and entrepreneur with an aim of non-intrusively bringing smart devices into the daily life of people. He believes that robots can provide a one stop solution for personal assistance, nursing and automation. Currently at the Robotics Institute, he is pursuing research in planning and perception for unmanned aerial vehicles. 
Alongside research and academics, Puru works with different start-ups providing them with technical assistance whenever possible. He is passionate about working on innovative technologies which can bring a positive change to society.  Previously, he co-invented a robotic trash can for Clean Robotics, a Pittsburgh based start-up. The trash can was capable of sorting waste into recyclable and landfill, autonomously. His entrepreneurial interests lie in Artificial Intelligence, autonomous vehicles, wearable devices and personal robotics. 
Puru's LinkedIn page
prastogi@andrew.cmu.edupururastogi@gmail.com

   

Logan Wan
Master of Science in Robotic Systems Development, School of Computer Science
Logan is a roboticist with an immense passion for the application of robotics and machine intelligence towards solving immediate problems we face in our everyday lives. He's built and designed robots at Savioke, Willow Garage, SRI International, and electrosurgical tools at Medtronic, and is currently pursuing a master's degree in Robotic Systems Development at the School of Computer Science (SCS). 
With entrepreneurial interests at the intersection of biology, medicine, robotics, and AI, he believes there still remain many opportunities that can fundamentally improve the lives of people around the world.
Logan's LinkedIn page
lwan@cmu.edu
 

JJ Xu
Masters in Business Administration, Tepper School of Business
JJ believes entrepreneurship is the great power that drives humanity to a brighter future.  Bearing this firm belief in mind, JJ has been searching for the key to unlock this power of entrepreneurship through her academic and business experiences which include seven years studying microelectronics, eight months as city head in Groupon China, six months in her first startup HotAppMarket and four years at Huawei. Through this journey, JJ discovered that synergy is the key. Internally, it is the synergy of her life experiences that release her potential. It was the inspiration from her Master’s research in FinFET modeling that led her to create a new marketing model, cutting the information distribution cycle in half for her startup.  And it was the harmony she experienced performing in a band that led her to optimize her sales team at Groupon, leading her city to the top.  Externally, it is the synergy among her teammates JJ appreciates and respects the beauty and differences each individual brings. She believes that imperfect individuals can make perfect teams. Thus, it has always been her passion to inspire the goodness of her team and harbor the best team synergy possible.  Currently, JJ is working on her second startup. She aspires to bring new education methods and enhanced experience to students through technology. She is thrilled to be turning the magic key with her team, unlocking the great power of entrepreneurship.
JJ's LinkedIn page
jiaojiax@tepper.cmu.edu
 




Education & Resources
Courses & DegreesExperiential LearningExtracurricular & NetworkingMentorship & FundingOutside Resources


Get Involved
LearnMentorInvestLend Your Talent


Success Stories
Events
News
About


Project Olympus Incubator
Center for Technology Transfer and Enterprise Creation (CTTEC)
Donald H. Jones Center for Entrepreneurial Studies








 


 



James Swartz's Profile | Stanford Profiles


















Stanford | Profiles









Browse






Sign In





Edit My Profile

















James Swartz
James H. Clark Professor in the School of Engineering and Professor of Chemical Engineering and of Bioengineering





              Print Profile
            




            Email Profile
          




                View Stanford-only Profile
            









Tab Menu 




Bio


Teaching


Publications










Bio

Using and Understanding Cell-Free BiologySwartz Lab General Research Focus:The current and projected research in the Swartz lab balances basic research in microbial metabolism, protein expression, and protein folding with a strong emphasis on compelling applications. The power and versatility of cell-free methods coupled with careful evaluation and engineering of these new systems enables a whole new range of applications and scientific investigation. Fundamental research on: the mechanisms and kinetics of ribosomal function, fundamental bioenergetics, basic mechanisms of protein folding, functional genomics, and metabolic pathway analysis is motivated by a variety of near- and medium term applications spanning medicine, energy, and environmental needs.Swartz Lab Application Focus:In the medical area , current research addresses the need for patient-specific vaccines to treat cancer. Particularly for lymphomas, there is a strong need to be able to make a new cancer vaccine for each patient. Current technologies are not practical for this demanding task, but cell-free approaches are rapid and inexpensive. We have already demonstrated feasibility in mouse tumor challenge studies and are now expanding the range of applications and working to improve the relevant technologies. Experience with these vaccines has also suggested a new and exciting format for making inexpensive and very potent vaccines for general use.To address pressing needs for a new and cleaner energy source, we are working towards an organism that can efficiently capture solar energy and convert it into hydrogen. The first task is to develop an oxygen tolerant hydrogenase using cell-free technology to express libraries of mutated enzymes that can be rapidly screened for improved function. Even though these are very complex enzymes, we have produced active hydrogenases with our cell-free methods. We are now perfecting the screening methods for rapid and accurate identification of improved enzymes. After these new enzymes are identified, the project will progress toward metabolic engineering and bioreactor design research to achieve the scales and economies required.To address environmental needs, we are developing an improved water filters using an amazing membrane protein, Aquaporin Z. It has the ability to reject all other chemicals and ions except water. We have efficiently expressed the protein into lipid bilayer vesicles and are now working to cast these membranes on porous supports to complete the development of a new and powerful water purification technology. The same lessons will be applied toward the development of a new class of biosensors that brings high sensitivity and selectivity.


Academic Appointments



Professor,  Chemical Engineering


Professor,  Bioengineering


Professor,  Bioengineering


Member,  Bio-X


Member,  Cardiovascular Institute


Member,  Child Health Research Institute


Member,  Stanford Cancer Institute


Faculty Fellow,  Stanford ChEM-H




Honors & Awards



Fellowship in Biochemical Engineering, Pfizer (1976)


Florasynth Fellowship, Institute of Food Technologist (1977)


Member, National Research Council Committee on Bioprocess Engineering (1991)


Keynote Address, Inaugural Meeting of The American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineers (1992)


Inducted as founding Fellow, The American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineers (1993)


James Van Lanen Service Award, Division of Biochemical Technology, American Chem. Soc. (1993)


Keynote Address, Asia-Pacific Biochemical Engineering Conference (1994)


Keynote Address, Biotech (2000)


Co-Chair, Biochemical Engineering X (1994)


Member, National Academy of Engineering (1997)


Opening Keynote Lecture, 2nd International Conference on Recombinant Protein Production (1999)


Amgen Award, Society of Industrial Microbiology (2002)


Distinguished Alumnus Award, S.Dak. School of Mines and Technology (2005)


Elmer Gaden Award, Stanford University (2005)


Leland T. Edwards Professor in the School of Engineering, Stanford University (2006)


Member, National Academy of Engineering (NAE) (2006)


Keynote Lecture, 20th Meeting for the European Society for Animal Cell Tech, Dresden, Germany (2006)


Opening Keynote Speaker, Recent Advances in Ferm Tech (RAFT VII) (2007)


The James Bailey Award, Soc for Biol. Eng. (Am Inst. For Chem. Eng.) (2007)


James H. Clark Professor in the School of Engineering, Stanford University (2008)




Boards, Advisory Committees, Professional Organizations



Member, National Academy of Engineering (2013 - Present)




Professional Education



PhD, Massachusetts Institute of Technolog (1978)


ScD, MIT, Biochemical Engineering  (1978)






Contact




Academic
jswartz@stanford.edu

University - Faculty
 Department:&nbspChemical Engineering
 Position: Professor

 Dept. of Chem. Eng.
  Stauffer III, Rm 113
  Stanford University

Stanford, 
California 
94305-5025 



 (650) 723-5398 (office)

(650) 725-0555 (fax)


University - Faculty
 Department:&nbspBioengineering
 Position: Professor

 (650) 723-5398 (office)

(650) 725-0555 (fax)







Administrator
Andrea Hubbard
Administrative Associate
ahubbub@stanford.edu

 (650) 736-1807 (office)






Additional Info




 Mail Code:
 5025




 Other Names: 

Jim Swartz












2016-17 Courses


Biochemical EngineeringCHEMENG 150 (Win)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Synthetic Biology and Metabolic EngineeringBIOE 454, CHEMENG 454 (Aut)

Independent Studies (7)

Bioengineering Problems and Experimental InvestigationBIOE 191 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Directed InvestigationBIOE 392 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Directed StudyBIOE 391 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Graduate Research Rotation in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 399 (Aut, Win, Sum)
Graduate Research in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 600 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Undergraduate Honors Research in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 190H (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Undergraduate Research in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 190 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)



Prior Year Courses

2015-16 Courses

Advances in BiotechnologyBIOE 450 (Spr)
BiotechnologyCHEMENG 25B, ENGR 25B (Win)
Senior Capstone Design IBIOE 141A (Aut)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)

2014-15 Courses

Biochemical EngineeringCHEMENG 150 (Win)
BiotechnologyCHEMENG 25B, ENGR 25B (Spr)
Senior Capstone Design IIBIOE 141B (Win)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)

2013-14 Courses

Advanced Biochemical EngineeringBIOE 355, CHEMENG 355 (Spr)
Advances in BiotechnologyBIOE 450, CHEMENG 450 (Spr)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)






Stanford Advisees



Doctoral Dissertation Reader (AC)

Shelley Ackerman


Doctoral Dissertation Advisor (AC)

Julie Fogarty











All Publications




Escherichia coli-based cell free production of flagellin and ordered flagellin display on virus-like particles.
Biotechnology and bioengineering

Lu, Y., Welsh, J. P., Chan, W., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 110 (8): 2073-2085


Abstract
Bacterial flagellin has been explored as a potential vaccine adjuvant for enhancing immune responses. In this article, we describe Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) as a method to rapidly produce soluble phase 1 flagellin (FliC) protein from Salmonella typhimurium. The yield was about 300 µg/mL and the product had much higher affinity for the TLR5 receptor (EC50 = 2.4 ± 1.4 pM) than previously reported. The flagellin coding sequence was first optimized for cell-free expression. We then found that the D0 domain at the C-terminus of flagellin was susceptible to proteolytic degradation in the CFPS system. Proteolysis was reduced by protease inhibitors, the use of protease-deficient cell extracts or deletion of the flagellin D0 domain. A human Toll-Like Receptor 5 (hTLR5)-specific bioactivity analysis of purified flagellin demonstrated that, although the D0 domain is far from the TLR5 recognition region, it is important for flagellin bioactivity. We next incorporated a non-natural amino acid displaying an alkyne moiety into flagellin using the CFPS system and attached flagellin to hepatitis B core virus-like particles (VLPs) using bioorthogonal azide-alkyne cycloaddition reactions. The ordered and oriented VLP display of flagellin increased its specific TLR5 stimulation activity by approximately 10-fold. Biotechnol. Bioeng. 2013;9999: XX-XX. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.24903


View details for PubMedID 23519642





Cell-free co-production of an orthogonal transfer RNA activates efficient site-specific non-natural amino acid incorporation
NUCLEIC ACIDS RESEARCH

Albayrak, C., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 41 (11): 5949-5963


Abstract
We describe a new cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) method for site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids (nnAAs) into proteins in which the orthogonal tRNA (o-tRNA) and the modified protein (i.e. the protein containing the nnAA) are produced simultaneously. Using this method, 0.9-1.7 mg/ml of modified soluble super-folder green fluorescent protein (sfGFP) containing either p-azido-l-phenylalanine (pAzF) or p-propargyloxy-l-phenylalanine (pPaF) accumulated in the CFPS solutions; these yields correspond to 50-88% suppression efficiency. The o-tRNA can be transcribed either from a linearized plasmid or from a crude PCR product. Comparison of two different o-tRNAs suggests that the new platform is not limited by Ef-Tu recognition of the acylated o-tRNA at sufficiently high o-tRNA template concentrations. Analysis of nnAA incorporation across 12 different sites in sfGFP suggests that modified protein yields and suppression efficiencies (i.e. the position effect) do not correlate with any of the reported trends. Sites that were ineffectively suppressed with the original o-tRNA were better suppressed with an optimized o-tRNA (o-tRNA(opt)) that was evolved to be better recognized by Ef-Tu. This new platform can also be used to screen scissile ribozymes for improved catalysis.

View details for DOI 10.1093/nar/gkt226


View details for Web of Science ID 000320116200040





Pluripotency transcription factor Sox2 is strongly adsorbed by heparin but requires a protein transduction domain for cell internalization
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Albayrak, C., Yang, W. C., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 431 (3): 641-645


Abstract
The binding of protein transduction domain (PTD)-conjugated proteins to heparan sulfate is an important step in cellular internalization of macromolecules. Here, we studied the pluripotency transcription factor Sox2, with or without the nonaarginine (R9) PTD. Unexpectedly, we observed that Sox2 is strongly adsorbed by heparin and by the fibroblasts without the R9 PTD. However, only the R9Sox2 fusion protein is internalized by the cells. These results collectively show that binding to heparan sulfate is not sufficient for cellular uptake, thereby supporting a recent hypothesis that other proteins play a role in cell internalization of PTD-conjugated proteins.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2012.11.016


View details for Web of Science ID 000315842800047


View details for PubMedID 23318174





Using E. coli-based cell-free protein synthesis to evaluate the kinetic performance of an orthogonal tRNA and aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase pair
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Albayrak, C., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 431 (2): 291-295


Abstract
Even though the orthogonal tRNA and aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase pairs derived from the archaeon Methanocaldococcus jannaschii have been used for many years for site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids (nnAAs) in Escherichia coli, their kinetic parameters have not been evaluated. Here we use a cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) system to control the concentrations of the orthogonal components in order to evaluate their performance while supporting synthesis of modified proteins (i.e. proteins with nnAAs). Titration experiments and estimates of turnover numbers suggest that the orthogonal synthetase is a very slow catalyst when compared to the native E. coli synthetases. The estimated k(cat) for the orthogonal synthetase specific to the nnAA p-propargyloxyphenylalanine (pPaF) is 5.4 × 10(-5) s(-1). Thus, this catalyst may be the limiting factor for nnAA incorporation when using this approach. These titration experiments also resulted in the highest reported cell-free accumulation of two different modified proteins (450 ± 20 μg/ml CAT109pAzF and 428±2μg/ml sfGFP23pPaF) using the standard KC6 cell extract and either the PANOx SP or the inexpensive Glu NMP cell-free recipe.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2012.12.108


View details for Web of Science ID 000315325300031


View details for PubMedID 23291171





Nuclear Resonance Vibrational Spectroscopy and Electron Paramagnetic Resonance Spectroscopy of Fe-57-Enriched [FeFe] Hydrogenase Indicate Stepwise Assembly of the H-Cluster
BIOCHEMISTRY

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Guo, Y., Wang, H., Myers, W. K., George, S. J., Boyke, C. A., Yoda, Y., Alp, E. E., Zhao, J., Britt, R. D., Swartz, J. R., Cramer, S. P.

2013; 52 (5): 818-826


Abstract
The [FeFe] hydrogenase from Clostridium pasteurianum (CpI) harbors four Fe-S clusters that facilitate the transfer of an electron to the H-cluster, a ligand-coordinated six-iron prosthetic group that catalyzes the redox interconversion of protons and H(2). Here, we have used (57)Fe nuclear resonance vibrational spectroscopy (NRVS) to study the iron centers in CpI, and we compare our data to that for a [4Fe-4S] ferredoxin as well as a model complex resembling the [2Fe](H) catalytic domain of the H-cluster. To enrich the hydrogenase with (57)Fe nuclei, we used cell-free methods to post-translationally mature the enzyme. Specifically, inactive CpI apoprotein with (56)Fe-labeled Fe-S clusters was activated in vitro using (57)Fe-enriched maturation proteins. This approach enabled us to selectively label the [2Fe](H) subcluster with (57)Fe, which NRVS confirms by detecting (57)Fe-CO and (57)Fe-CN normal modes from the H-cluster nonprotein ligands. The NRVS and iron quantification results also suggest that the hydrogenase contains a second (57)Fe-S cluster. Electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy indicates that this (57)Fe-enriched metal center is not the [4Fe-4S](H) subcluster of the H-cluster. This finding demonstrates that the CpI hydrogenase retained an (56)Fe-enriched [4Fe-4S](H) cluster during in vitro maturation, providing unambiguous evidence of stepwise assembly of the H-cluster. In addition, this work represents the first NRVS characterization of [FeFe] hydrogenases.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bi301336r


View details for Web of Science ID 000314675800006


View details for PubMedID 23249091





Cell-free production of trimeric influenza hemagglutinin head domain proteins as vaccine antigens
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Welsh, J. P., Lu, Y., He, X., Greenberg, H. B., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 109 (12): 2962-2969


Abstract
In order to effectively combat pandemic influenza threats, there is a need for more rapid and robust vaccine production methods. In this article, we demonstrate E. coli-based cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) as a method to rapidly produce domains from the protein hemagglutinin (HA), which is present on the surface of the influenza virus. The portion of the HA coding sequence for the "head" domain from the 2009 pandemic H1N1 strain was first optimized for E. coli expression. The protein domain was then produced in CFPS reactions and purified in soluble form first as a monomer and then as a trimer by a C-terminal addition of the T4 bacteriophage foldon domain. Production of soluble trimeric HA head domain was enhanced by introducing stabilizing amino acid mutations to the construct in order to avoid aggregation. Trimerization was verified using size exclusion HPLC, and the stabilized HA head domain trimer was more effectively recognized by antibodies from pandemic H1N1 influenza vaccine recipients than was the monomer and also bound to sialic acids more strongly, indicating that the trimers are correctly formed and could be potentially effective as vaccines.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.24581


View details for Web of Science ID 000310465300008


View details for PubMedID 22729608





New Insights into [FeFe] Hydrogenase Activation and Maturase Function
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Britt, R. D., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 7 (9)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases catalyze H(2) production using the H-cluster, an iron-sulfur cofactor that contains carbon monoxide (CO), cyanide (CN(-)), and a dithiolate bridging ligand. The HydE, HydF, and HydG maturases assist in assembling the H-cluster and maturing hydrogenases into their catalytically active form. Characterization of these maturases and in vitro hydrogenase activation methods have helped elucidate steps in the H-cluster biosynthetic pathway such as the HydG-catalyzed generation of the CO and CN(-) ligands from free tyrosine. We have refined our cell-free approach for H-cluster synthesis and hydrogenase maturation by using separately expressed and purified HydE, HydF, and HydG. In this report, we illustrate how substrates and protein constituents influence hydrogenase activation, and for the first time, we show that each maturase can function catalytically during the maturation process. With precise control over the biomolecular components, we also provide evidence for H-cluster synthesis in the absence of either HydE or HydF, and we further show that hydrogenase activation can occur without exogenous tyrosine. Given these findings, we suggest a new reaction sequence for the [FeFe] hydrogenase maturation pathway. In our model, HydG independently synthesizes an iron-based compound with CO and CN(-) ligands that is a precursor to the H-cluster [2Fe](H) subunit, and which we have termed HydG-co. We further propose that HydF is a transferase that stabilizes HydG-co and also shuttles the complete [2Fe](H) subcluster to the hydrogenase, a translocation process that may be catalyzed by HydE. In summary, this report describes the first example of reconstructing the [FeFe] hydrogenase maturation pathway using purified maturases and subsequently utilizing this in vitro system to better understand the roles of HydE, HydF, and HydG.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0045850


View details for Web of Science ID 000309556100091


View details for PubMedID 23049878





A vaccine directed to B cells and produced by cell-free protein synthesis generates potent antilymphoma immunity
PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

Ng, P. P., Jia, M., Patel, K. G., Brody, J. D., Swartz, J. R., Levy, S., Levy, R.

2012; 109 (36): 14526-14531


Abstract
Clinical studies of idiotype (Id) vaccination in patients with lymphoma have established a correlation between the induced anti-Id antibody responses and favorable clinical outcomes. To streamline the production of an Id vaccine, we engineered a small diabody (Db) molecule containing both a B-cell-targeting moiety (anti-CD19) and a lymphoma Id. This molecule (αCD19-Id) was designed to penetrate lymph nodes and bind to noncognate B cells to form an antigen presentation array. Indeed, the αCD19-Id molecule accumulated on B cells in vivo after s.c. administration. These noncognate B cells, decorated with the diabody, could then stimulate the more rare Id-specific B cells. Peptide epitopes present in the diabody linker augmented the response by activating CD4(+) helper T cells. Consequently, the αCD19-Id molecule induced a robust Id-specific antibody response and protected animals from tumor challenge. Such diabodies are produced in a cell-free protein expression system within hours of amplification of the specific Ig genes from the B-cell tumor. This customized product can now be available to vaccinate patients before they receive other, potentially immunosuppressive, therapies.

View details for DOI 10.1073/pnas.1211018109


View details for Web of Science ID 000308912600051


View details for PubMedID 22875703





Simplifying and streamlining Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Yang, W. C., Patel, K. G., Wong, H. E., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 28 (2): 413-420


Abstract
Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) uses E. coli extracts to make active proteins in vitro. The basic CFPS reaction mixture is comprised of four main reagent components: (1) energy source and CFPS chemicals, (2) DNA encoding the protein of interest, (3) T7 RNA Polymerase (RNAP) for transcription, and (4) cell extract for translation. In this work, we have simplified and shortened the protocols for preparing the CFPS chemical mixture, cell extract, and T7 RNAP. First, we streamlined the workflow for preparing the CFPS chemical solutions by combining all the chemicals into a single reagent mixture, which we call Premix. We showed that productive cell extracts could be made from cells grown in simple shake flasks, and we also truncated the preparation protocol. Finally, we discovered that T7 RNAP purification was not necessary for CFPS. Crude lysate from cells over-expressing T7 RNAP could be used without deleteriously affecting protein production. Using chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (CAT) as a model protein, we showed that these streamlined protocols still support high-yielding CFPS. These simplified procedures save time and offer greater accessibility to our laboratory's CFPS technology.

View details for DOI 10.1002/btpr.1509


View details for Web of Science ID 000302607100013


View details for PubMedID 22275217





Generation of hydrogen from NADPH using an [FeFe] hydrogenase
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HYDROGEN ENERGY

Smith, P. R., Bingham, A. S., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 37 (3): 2977-2983



View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ijhydene.2011.03.172


View details for Web of Science ID 000301157300101





Evolution of an [FeFe] hydrogenase with decreased oxygen sensitivity
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HYDROGEN ENERGY

Bingham, A. S., Smith, P. R., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 37 (3): 2965-2976



View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ijhydene.2011.02.048


View details for Web of Science ID 000301157300100





Transforming Biochemical Engineering with Cell-Free Biology
AICHE JOURNAL

Swartz, J. R.

2012; 58 (1): 5-13



View details for DOI 10.1002/aic.13701


View details for Web of Science ID 000301224400003





Solubility partner IF2 Domain I enables high yield synthesis of transducible transcription factors in Escherichia coli
PROTEIN EXPRESSION AND PURIFICATION

Yang, W. C., Welsh, J. P., Lee, J., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 80 (1): 145-151


Abstract
Since the discovery that somatic cells could be reprogrammed back to a pluripotent state through the viral expression of a certain set of transcription factors, there has been great interest in reprogramming using a safer and more clinically relevant protein-based approach. However, the search for an efficient reprogramming approach utilizing the transcription factors in protein form requires a significant amount of protein material. Milligram quantities of transcription factors are challenging to obtain due to low yields and poor solubility. In this work, we describe enhanced production of the pluripotency transcription factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4, Nanog, and Lin28 after fusing them to a solubility partner, IF2 Domain I (IF2D1). We expressed and purified milligram quantities of the fusion proteins. Though the transcription factor passenger proteins became insoluble after removal of the IF2D1, the un-cleaved Oct4, Sox2, Klf4, and Nanog fusion proteins exhibited specific binding to their consensus DNA sequences. However, when we administered the un-cleaved IF2D1-Oct4-R9 and IF2D1-Sox2-R9 to fibroblasts and measured their ability to influence transcriptional activity, we found that they were not fully bioactive; IF2D1-Oct4-R9 and IF2D1-Sox2-R9 influenced only a subset of their downstream gene targets. Thus, while the IF2D1 solubility partner enabled soluble production of the fusion protein at high levels, it did not yield fully bioactive transcription factors.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.pep.2011.06.017


View details for Web of Science ID 000295608800022


View details for PubMedID 21757009


View details for PubMedCentralID PMC3183262





Discovery of Improved EGF Agonists Using a Novel In Vitro Screening Platform
JOURNAL OF MOLECULAR BIOLOGY

Lui, B. H., Cochran, J. R., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 413 (2): 406-415


Abstract
Directed evolution is a powerful strategy for protein engineering; however, evolution of pharmaceutical proteins has been limited by the reliance of current screens on binding interactions. Here, we present a method that identifies protein mutants with improved overall cellular efficacy, an objective not feasible with previous approaches. Mutated protein libraries were produced in soluble, active form by means of cell-free protein synthesis. The efficacy of each individual protein was determined at a uniform dosage with a high-throughput protein product assay followed by a cell-based functional assay without requiring protein purification. We validated our platform by first screening mock libraries of epidermal growth factor (EGF) for stimulation of cell proliferation. We then demonstrated its effectiveness by identifying EGF mutants with significantly enhanced mitogenic activity at low concentrations compared to that of wild-type EGF. This is the first report of EGF mutants with improved biological efficacy despite much previous effort. Our platform can be extended to engineer a broad range of proteins, offering a general method to evolve proteins for improved biological efficacy.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.jmb.2011.08.028


View details for Web of Science ID 000296404100010


View details for PubMedID 21888916





A filter microplate assay for quantitative analysis of DNA binding proteins using fluorescent DNA
ANALYTICAL BIOCHEMISTRY

Yang, W. C., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 415 (2): 168-174


Abstract
We present a rapid method for quantifying the apparent DNA binding affinity and capacity of recombinant transcription factors (TFs). We capture His6-tagged TFs using nickel-nitrilotriacetic acid (Ni-NTA) agarose and incubate the immobilized TFs with fluorescently labeled cognate DNA probes. After washing, the strength of the fluorescence signal indicates the extent of DNA binding. The assay was validated using two pluripotency-regulating TFs: SOX2 and NANOG. Using competitive binding analysis with nonlabeled competitor DNA, we show that SOX2 and NANOG specifically bind to their consensus sequences. We also determined the apparent affinity of SOX2 and NANOG for their consensus sequences to be 54.2±9 and 44.0±6nM, respectively, in approximate agreement with literature values. Our assay does not require radioactivity, but radioactively labeling the TFs enables the measurement of absolute amounts of immobilized SOX2 and NANOG and, hence, a DNA-to-protein binding ratio. SOX2 possesses a 0.95 DNA-to-protein binding ratio, whereas NANOG possesses a 0.44 ratio, suggesting that most of the SOX2 and approximately half of the NANOG are competent for DNA binding. Alternatively, the NANOG dimer may be capable of binding only one DNA target. This flexible DNA binding assay enables the analysis of crude or purified samples with or without radioactivity.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ab.2011.03.027


View details for Web of Science ID 000291904700010


View details for PubMedID 21447317





Localization of BiP to Translating Ribosomes Increases Soluble Accumulation of Secreted Eukaryotic Proteins in an Escherichia Coli Cell-Free System
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Welsh, J. P., Bonomo, J., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 108 (8): 1739-1748


Abstract
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) resident Hsp70 chaperone, BiP, docks to the Sec translocon and interacts co-translationally with polypeptides entering the ER to encourage proper folding. In order to recreate this interaction in Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) reactions, a fusion protein was formed between the ribosome-binding portion of the E. coli protein trigger factor (TF) and BiP. The biophysical affinity to ribosomes as well as the characteristic Hsp70 ATPase activity were both verified for the fusion protein. When added to E. coli-based CFPS reactions, the TF-BiP fusion chaperone increased soluble yields of several protein fragments that are normally secreted through the ER and have poor solubility in typical CFPS reactions. For comparison, a fusion between TF and the native E. coli Hsp70, DnaK, was also constructed. This fusion was also biologically active and increased soluble yields of certain protein targets in CFPS. The TF-BiP fusion described in this study can be seen as a first step in reconstituting and better understanding ER folding pathways in the prokaryotic environment of E. coli CFPS.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.23111


View details for Web of Science ID 000292602600001


View details for PubMedID 21351069





Efficient disulfide bond formation in virus-like particles
JOURNAL OF BIOTECHNOLOGY

Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 154 (4): 230-239


Abstract
Virus-like particles (VLPs) consist of a virus's outer shell but without the genome. Similar to the virus, VLPs are monodisperse nano-capsules which have a known morphology, maintain a high degree of symmetry, and can be engineered to encapsidate the desired cargo. VLPs are of great interest for vaccination, drug/gene delivery, imaging, sensing, and material science applications. Here we demonstrate the ability to control the disulfide bond formation in VLPs by directly controlling the redox potential during or after production and assembly of VLPs. The open cell-free protein synthesis environment, which has been reported to produce VLPs at yields comparable or greater than traditional in vivo technologies, was employed. Optimal conditions for disulfide bond formation were found to be VLP dependent, and a cooperative effect in the formation of such bonds was observed.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.jbiotec.2011.04.011


View details for Web of Science ID 000292958600007


View details for PubMedID 21536082





Cell-free H-cluster Synthesis and [FeFe] Hydrogenase Activation: All Five CO and CN- Ligands Derive from Tyrosine
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., George, S. J., Grady-Smith, C. S., Cramer, S. P., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 6 (5)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases are promising catalysts for producing hydrogen as a sustainable fuel and chemical feedstock, and they also serve as paradigms for biomimetic hydrogen-evolving compounds. Hydrogen formation is catalyzed by the H-cluster, a unique iron-based cofactor requiring three carbon monoxide (CO) and two cyanide (CN⁻) ligands as well as a dithiolate bridge. Three accessory proteins (HydE, HydF, and HydG) are presumably responsible for assembling and installing the H-cluster, yet their precise roles and the biosynthetic pathway have yet to be fully defined. In this report, we describe effective cell-free methods for investigating H-cluster synthesis and [FeFe] hydrogenase activation. Combining isotopic labeling with FTIR spectroscopy, we conclusively show that each of the CO and CN⁻ ligands derive respectively from the carboxylate and amino substituents of tyrosine. Such in vitro systems with reconstituted pathways comprise a versatile approach for studying biosynthetic mechanisms, and this work marks a significant step towards an understanding of both the protein-protein interactions and complex reactions required for H-cluster assembly and hydrogenase maturation.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0020346


View details for Web of Science ID 000291097600048


View details for PubMedID 21673792





Binding of a cationic protein to the cell surface is insufficient for cellular uptake and bioactivity: Arginine-rich sequences are necessary
241st National Meeting and Exposition of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Yang, W. C., Lee, J., Albayrak, C., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2011



View details for Web of Science ID 000291982801879





Surface Functionalization of Virus-Like Particles by Direct Conjugation Using Azide-Alkyne Click Chemistry
BIOCONJUGATE CHEMISTRY

Patel, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 22 (3): 376-387


Abstract
We present a cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) platform and a one-step, direct conjugation scheme for producing virus-like particle (VLP) assemblies that display multiple ligands including proteins, nucleic acids, and other molecules. Using a global methionine replacement approach, we produced bacteriophage MS2 and bacteriophage Qβ VLPs with surface-exposed methionine analogues (azidohomoalanine and homopropargylglycine) containing azide and alkyne side chains. CFPS enabled the production of VLPs with yields of ~ 300 μg/mL and with 85% incorporation of methionine analogues without requiring a methionine auxotrophic production host. We then directly conjugated azide- and alkyne-containing proteins (including an antibody fragment and the granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor, or GM-CSF), nucleic acids and poly(ethylene glycol) chains to the VLP surface using Cu(I) catalyzed click chemistry. The GM-CSF protein, after conjugation to VLPs, was shown to partially retain its ability to stimulate the proliferation of cells. Conjugation of GM-CSF to VLPs resulted in a 3-5-fold reduction in its bioactivity. The direct attachment scheme facilitated conjugation of three different ligands to the VLPs in a single step, and enabled control of the relative ratios and surface abundance of the attached species. This platform can be used for the production of novel VLP bioconjugates for use as drug delivery vehicles, diagnostics, and vaccines.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bc100367u


View details for Web of Science ID 000288401400009


View details for PubMedID 21355575





Escherichia coli-based production of a tumor idiotype antibody fragment - tetanus toxin fragment C fusion protein vaccine for B cell lymphoma
PROTEIN EXPRESSION AND PURIFICATION

Patel, K. G., Ng, P. P., Levy, S., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 75 (1): 15-20


Abstract
The unique immunoglobulin idiotype expressed on the surface of B lymphoma cells can be used as an effective antigen in tumor-specific vaccines when fused to immunostimulatory proteins and cytokines. A DNA vaccine encoding for an idiotype antibody single chain Fv (scFv) fragment fused to the Tetanus Toxin Fragment C (TTFrC) has been shown to induce protective anti-tumor responses. Protein-based strategies may be more desirable since they provide greater control over dosage, duration of exposure, and in vivo distribution of the vaccine. However, production of fusion protein vaccines containing complex disulfide bonded idiotype antibodies and antibody-derived fragments is challenging. We use an Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis platform as well as high-level expression of E. coli inclusion bodies followed by refolding for the rapid generation of an antibody fragment - TTFrC fusion protein vaccine. Vaccine proteins produced using both methods were shown to elicit anti-tumor humoral responses as well as protect from tumor challenge in an established B cell lymphoma mouse model. The development of technologies for the rapid production of effective patient-specific tumor idiotype-based fusion protein vaccines provides opportunities for clinical application.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.pep.2010.09.005


View details for Web of Science ID 000284452600002


View details for PubMedID 20851769





Development of an In Vitro Compartmentalization Screen for High-Throughput Directed Evolution of [FeFe] Hydrogenases
PLOS ONE

Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 5 (12)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenase enzymes catalyze the formation and dissociation of molecular hydrogen with the help of a complex prosthetic group composed of common elements. The development of energy conversion technologies based on these renewable catalysts has been hindered by their extreme oxygen sensitivity. Attempts to improve the enzymes by directed evolution have failed for want of a screening platform capable of throughputs high enough to adequately sample heavily mutated DNA libraries. In vitro compartmentalization (IVC) is a powerful method capable of screening for multiple-turnover enzymatic activity at very high throughputs. Recent advances have allowed [FeFe] hydrogenases to be expressed and activated in the cell-free protein synthesis reactions on which IVC is based; however, IVC is a demanding technique with which many enzymes have proven incompatible.Here we describe an extremely high-throughput IVC screen for oxygen-tolerant [FeFe] hydrogenases. We demonstrate that the [FeFe] hydrogenase CpI can be expressed and activated within emulsion droplets, and identify a fluorogenic substrate that links activity after oxygen exposure to the generation of a fluorescent signal. We present a screening protocol in which attachment of mutant genes and the proteins they encode to the surfaces of microbeads is followed by three separate emulsion steps for amplification, expression, and evaluation of hydrogenase mutants. We show that beads displaying active hydrogenase can be isolated by fluorescence-activated cell-sorting, and we use the method to enrich such beads from a mock library.[FeFe] hydrogenases are the most complex enzymes to be produced by cell-free protein synthesis, and the most challenging targets to which IVC has yet been applied. The technique described here is an enabling step towards the development of biocatalysts for a biological hydrogen economy.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0015275


View details for Web of Science ID 000284995300026


View details for PubMedID 21151915





High-Yield Expression of Heterologous [FeFe] Hydrogenases in Escherichia coli
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Grady-Smith, C. S., Bingham, A. S., George, S. J., Cramer, S. P., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 5 (11)


Abstract
The realization of hydrogenase-based technologies for renewable H(2) production is presently limited by the need for scalable and high-yielding methods to supply active hydrogenases and their required maturases.In this report, we describe an improved Escherichia coli-based expression system capable of producing 8-30 mg of purified, active [FeFe] hydrogenase per liter of culture, volumetric yields at least 10-fold greater than previously reported. Specifically, we overcame two problems associated with other in vivo production methods: low protein yields and ineffective hydrogenase maturation. The addition of glucose to the growth medium enhances anaerobic metabolism and growth during hydrogenase expression, which substantially increases total yields. Also, we combine iron and cysteine supplementation with the use of an E. coli strain upregulated for iron-sulfur cluster protein accumulation. These measures dramatically improve in vivo hydrogenase activation. Two hydrogenases, HydA1 from Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and HydA (CpI) from Clostridium pasteurianum, were produced with this improved system and subsequently purified. Biophysical characterization and FTIR spectroscopic analysis of these enzymes indicate that they harbor the H-cluster and catalyze H(2) evolution with rates comparable to those of enzymes isolated from their respective native organisms.The production system we describe will facilitate basic hydrogenase investigations as well as the development of new technologies that utilize these prolific H(2)-producing enzymes. These methods can also be extended for producing and studying a variety of oxygen-sensitive iron-sulfur proteins as well as other proteins requiring anoxic environments.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0015491


View details for Web of Science ID 000284572000030


View details for PubMedID 21124800





Comparing the functional properties of the Hsp70 chaperones, DnaK and BiP
BIOPHYSICAL CHEMISTRY

Bonomo, J., Welsh, J. P., Manthiram, K., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 149 (1-2): 58-66


Abstract
The Hsp70 family of molecular chaperones is an essential class of chaperones that is present in many different cell types and cellular compartments. We have compared the bioactivities of the prokaryotic cytosolic Hsp70, DnaK, to that of the eukaryotic Hsp70, BiP, located in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). Both chaperones helped to prevent protein aggregation. However, only DnaK provided enhanced refolding of denatured proteins. We also tested chaperone folding assistance during translation in the context of cell-free protein synthesis reactions for several protein targets and show that both DnaK and BiP can provide folding assistance under these conditions. Our results support previous reports suggesting that DnaK provides both post-translational and co-translational folding assistance while BiP predominantly provides folding assistance that is contemporaneous with translation.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bpc.2010.04.001


View details for Web of Science ID 000278427300008


View details for PubMedID 20435400





A Cell-Free Microtiter Plate Screen for Improved [FeFe] Hydrogenases
PLOS ONE

Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 5 (5)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenase enzymes catalyze the production and dissociation of H(2), a potential renewable fuel. Attempts to exploit these catalysts in engineered systems have been hindered by the biotechnologically inconvenient properties of the natural enzymes, including their extreme oxygen sensitivity. Directed evolution has been used to improve the characteristics of a range of natural catalysts, but has been largely unsuccessful for [FeFe] hydrogenases because of a lack of convenient screening platforms.Here we describe an in vitro screening technology for oxygen-tolerant and highly active [FeFe] hydrogenases. Despite the complexity of the protocol, we demonstrate a level of reproducibility that allows moderately improved mutants to be isolated. We have used the platform to identify a mutant of the Chlamydomonas reinhardtii [FeFe] hydrogenase HydA1 with a specific activity approximately 4 times that of the wild-type enzyme.Our results demonstrate the feasibility of using the screen presented here for large-scale efforts to identify improved biocatalysts for energy applications. The system is based on our ability to activate these complex enzymes in E. coli cell extracts, which allows unhindered access to the protein maturation and assay environment.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0010554


View details for Web of Science ID 000277467900010


View details for PubMedID 20479937





High-yield production of transducible transcription factors for non-viral modulation of gene expression

Yang, W. C., Welsh, J. P., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2010



View details for Web of Science ID 000208189300514





Effective site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids via simultaneous cell-free synthesis of the orthogonal tRNA and the product protein

Albayrak, C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2010



View details for Web of Science ID 000208189300581





Cell-free incorporation of non-natural amino acids in proteins enables the production of complex protein bioconjugates

Patel, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2010



View details for Web of Science ID 000208189300480





Site-Specific Incorporation of p-Propargyloxyphenylalanine in a Cell-Free Environment for Direct Protein-Protein Click Conjugation
BIOCONJUGATE CHEMISTRY

Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 21 (2): 255-263


Abstract
The tyrosine analog p-propargyloxyphenylalanine (pPa), like tyrosine, has limited water solubility. It has been postulated that this limited solubility has contributed to reduced cellular uptake of pPa and thus reduced in vivo incorporation of pPa into proteins. Using a cell-free protein synthesis system (CFPS) to circumvent cellular uptake, pPa has been incorporated site-specifically into proteins with high specificity at yields up to 27 times greater than the highest previously reported yield. The alkyne group present on proteins incorporated with pPa provides a reactive residue for site-specific bioconjugation with the copper(I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne [3 + 2] cycloaddition (CuAAC). Previously, incorporation of another CuAAC-compatible unnatural amino acid p-azido-l-phenylalanine (pAz) was demonstrated with CFPS. However, incorporation of pPa may be preferred over pAz due to the instability of the pAz's aryl-azido moiety upon UV or near-UV light exposure. Also, the ability to incorporate site-specifically both reactants of the CuAAC (the alkyne group of pPa and the azido group of pAz) into proteins enables direct site-specific conjugation of heterologous proteins. We have demonstrated (for the first time to our knowledge) a one-step, linker-less, site-specific, direct protein-to-protein conjugation using CuAAC and unnatural amino acids.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bc9002844


View details for Web of Science ID 000274514300009


View details for PubMedID 20099875





Cell-free production of Gaussia princeps luciferase - antibody fragment bioconjugates for ex vivo detection of tumor cells
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Patel, K. G., Ng, P. P., Kuo, C., Levy, S., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 390 (3): 971-976


Abstract
Antibody fragments (scFvs) fused to luciferase reporter proteins have been used as highly sensitive optical imaging probes. Gaussia princeps luciferase (GLuc) is an attractive choice for a reporter protein because it is small and bright and does not require ATP to stimulate bioluminescence-producing reactions. Both GLuc and scFv proteins contain multiple disulfide bonds, and consequently the production of active and properly folded GLuc-scFv fusions is challenging. We therefore produced both proteins individually in active form, followed by covalent coupling to produce the intended conjugate. We used an Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) platform to produce GLuc and scFv proteins containing non-natural amino acids (nnAAs) for subsequent conjugation by azide-alkyne click chemistry. GLuc mutants with exposed alkyne reactive groups were produced by global replacement of methionine residues in CFPS. Antibody fragment scFvs contained a single exposed azide group using a scheme for site-specific incorporation of tyrosine analogs. Incorporation of tyrosine analogs at specific sites in proteins was performed using an engineered orthogonal tRNA-tRNA synthetase pair from an archaebacterium. The unique azide and alkyne side chains in GLuc and the antibody fragment scFv facilitated conjugation by click chemistry. GLuc-scFv conjugates were shown to differentiate between cells expressing a surface target of the scFv and cells that did not carry this marker.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2009.10.087


View details for Web of Science ID 000272516700113


View details for PubMedID 19852937





Cell-Free Production of Transducible Transcription Factors for Nuclear Reprogramming
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Yang, W. C., Patel, K. G., Lee, J., Ghebremariam, Y. T., Wong, H. E., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 104 (6): 1047-1058


Abstract
Ectopic expression of a defined set of transcription factors chosen from Oct3/4, Sox2, c-Myc, Klf4, Nanog, and Lin28 can directly reprogram somatic cells to pluripotency. These reprogrammed cells are referred to as induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs). To date, iPSCs have been successfully generated using lentiviruses, retroviruses, adenoviruses, plasmids, transposons, and recombinant proteins. Nucleic acid-based approaches raise concerns about genomic instability. In contrast, a protein-based approach for iPSC generation can avoid DNA integration concerns as well as provide greater control over the concentration, timing, and sequence of transcription factor stimulation. Researchers recently demonstrated that polyarginine peptide conjugation can deliver recombinant protein reprogramming factor (RF) cargoes into cells and reprogram somatic cells into iPSCs. However, the protein-based approach requires a significant amount of protein for the reprogramming process. Producing fusion RFs in the large amounts required for this approach using traditional heterologous in vivo production methods is difficult and cumbersome since toxicity, product aggregation, and proteolysis by endogenous proteases limit yields. In this work, we show that cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) is a viable option for producing soluble and functional transducible transcription factors for nuclear reprogramming. We used an E. coli-based CFPS system to express the above set of six human RFs as fusion proteins, each with a nona-arginine (R9) protein transduction domain. Using the flexibility offered by the CFPS platform, we successfully addressed proteolysis and protein solubility problems to produce full-length and soluble R9-RF fusions. We subsequently showed that R9-Oct3/4, R9-Sox2, and R9-Nanog exhibit cognate DNA-binding activities, R9-Nanog translocates across the plasma and nuclear membranes, and R9-Sox2 exerts transcriptional activity on a known downstream gene target.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.22517


View details for Web of Science ID 000273813400001


View details for PubMedID 19718703


View details for PubMedCentralID PMC3142170





Multiply mutated Gaussia luciferases provide prolonged and intense bioluminescence
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Welsh, J. P., Patel, K. G., Manthiram, K., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 389 (4): 563-568


Abstract
Gaussia luciferase (GLuc) from the copepod Gaussia princeps is both the smallest and brightest known luciferase. GLuc catalyzes the oxidation of coelenterazine to produce an intense blue light but with a very short emission half-life. We report mutated GLucs with much longer luminescence half-lives that retain the same initial intensity as the wild-type enzyme. The GLuc variants were produced using cell-free protein synthesis to provide high yields and rapid production of fully active product as well as simple non-natural amino acid substitution. By incorporating homopropargylglycine and attaching PEG using azide-alkyne click reactions, we also show that the four methionines in GLuc are surface accessible. The mutants provide a significantly improved reporter protein for both in vivo and in vitro studies, and the successful non-natural amino acid incorporation and PEG attachment indicate the feasibility of producing useful bioconjugates using click attachment reactions.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2009.09.006


View details for Web of Science ID 000271151100001


View details for PubMedID 19825431





Novel Anti-CD19/Idiotype Bispecific Diabody Vaccine for B-Cell Lymphoma
51st Annual Meeting and Exposition of the American-Society-of-Hematology

Ng, P. P., Jia, M., Virrueta, A., Patel, K., Swartz, J. R., Levy, S., Levy, R.

AMER SOC HEMATOLOGY. 2009: 1062–62



View details for Web of Science ID 000272725803267





Tyrosine, Cysteine, and S-Adenosyl Methionine Stimulate In Vitro [FeFe] Hydrogenase Activation
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 4 (10)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases are metalloenzymes involved in the anaerobic metabolism of H(2). These proteins are distinguished by an active site cofactor known as the H-cluster. This unique [6Fe-6S] complex contains multiple non-protein moieties and requires several maturation enzymes for its assembly. The pathways and biochemical precursors for H-cluster biosynthesis have yet to be elucidated.We report an in vitro maturation system in which, for the first time, chemical additives enhance [FeFe] hydrogenase activation, thus signifying in situ H-cluster biosynthesis. The maturation system is comprised of purified hydrogenase apoprotein; a dialyzed Escherichia coli cell lysate containing heterologous HydE, HydF, and HydG maturases; and exogenous small molecules. Following anaerobic incubation of the Chlamydomonas reinhardtii HydA1 apohydrogenase with S-adenosyl methionine (SAM), cysteine, tyrosine, iron, sulfide, and the non-purified maturases, hydrogenase activity increased 5-fold relative to incubations without the exogenous substrates. No conditions were identified in which addition of guanosine triphosphate (GTP) improved hydrogenase maturation.The in vitro system allows for direct investigation of [FeFe] hydrogenase activation. This work also provides a foundation for studying the biosynthetic mechanisms of H-cluster biosynthesis using solely purified enzymes and chemical additives.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0007565


View details for Web of Science ID 000271147200008


View details for PubMedID 19855833





Cell-Free Synthesis of Functional Aquaporin Z in Synthetic Liposomes
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Hovijitra, N. T., Wuu, J. J., Peaker, B., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 104 (1): 40-49


Abstract
The challenges involved in producing sufficient quantities of aquaporins for precise biophysical characterization have limited our knowledge of this important class of molecules. This article describes a cell-free protein synthesis method for producing high concentrations of the E. coli water transporter, aquaporin Z (AqpZ), in synthetic liposomes. To our knowledge, this is the first report of in vitro synthesis of a membrane protein directly into synthetic liposomes with verified function, (i.e., transport activity and selectivity). Titration of DOPC lipid vesicles added to the cell-free reaction show that production yields of active AqpZ are dependent on the concentration of DOPC lipid vesicles added to the cell-free reaction, with 224 +/- 24 lipids required per aquaporin monomer. Supplementation of the signal recognition particle receptor (FtsY) to the cell-free reaction increases production of vesicle-associated AqpZ but not active AqpZ. Cell-free reactions using 7 mg/mL lipids that were not supplemented with FtsY produced 507 +/- 11 microg/mL of vesicle-associated AqpZ that exhibited a specific water transport activity of (2.2 +/- 0.3) x 10(-14) cm(3) s(-1) monomer(-1). Proteinase K protection, activation energy determination, and selectivity against glycerol and urea transport also confirmed the production of correctly folded AqpZ. This technique is capable of producing milligram quantities of aquaporin that can be readily assayed for function, facilitating biophysical characterization and high-throughput analysis.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.22385


View details for Web of Science ID 000269096800006


View details for PubMedID 19557835





Universal cell-free protein synthesis
NATURE BIOTECHNOLOGY

Swartz, J. R.

2009; 27 (8): 731-732



View details for DOI 10.1038/nbt0809-731


View details for Web of Science ID 000268774500021


View details for PubMedID 19668180





High-Level Cell-Free Synthesis Yields of Proteins Containing Site-Specific Non-Natural Amino Acids
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Goerke, A. R., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 102 (2): 400-416


Abstract
We describe an E. coli-based cell-free system for the production of proteins with a non-natural amino acid (nnAA) incorporated site-specifically (modified protein). The mutant Methanococcus jannaschii tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase (mTyrRS) and tRNA(Tyr) pair were used as orthogonal elements. The mTyrRS experienced proteolysis and modified protein yields improved with higher synthetase addition (200-300 microg/mL). Product yields were also improved by increasing levels of total protein to 20 mg protein/mL and available vesicle surface area to 0.5 m(2)/mL. This new E. coli-based cell-free procedure produced up to 400 microg/mL of eCAT109pAz, 660 microg/mL of eDHFR10pAz, and 210 microg/mL of mDHFR31pAz with p-azido-L-phenylalanine (pAz) incorporated site-specifically at the amber nonsense codon. O-methyl-L-tyrosine and p-acetyl-L-phenylalanine were incorporated by similar protocols. The desired specificity for incorporation of the nnAA by the cell-free system was confirmed. Additionally, the modified proteins were enzymatically active and reactive for copper(I)-catalyzed (3 + 2) cycloadditions (click chemistry).

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.22070


View details for Web of Science ID 000262540300008


View details for PubMedID 18781689





Continued Protein Synthesis at Low [ATP] and [GTP] Enables Cell Adaptation during Energy Limitation
JOURNAL OF BACTERIOLOGY

Jewett, M. C., Miller, M. L., Chen, Y., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 191 (3): 1083-1091


Abstract
One of biology's critical ironies is the need to adapt to periods of energy limitation by using the energy-intensive process of protein synthesis. Although previous work has identified the individual energy-requiring steps in protein synthesis, we still lack an understanding of the dependence of protein biosynthesis rates on [ATP] and [GTP]. Here, we used an integrated Escherichia coli cell-free platform that mimics the intracellular, energy-limited environment to show that protein synthesis rates are governed by simple Michaelis-Menten dependence on [ATP] and [GTP] (K(m)(ATP), 27 +/- 4 microM; K(m)(GTP), 14 +/- 2 microM). Although the system-level GTP affinity agrees well with the individual affinities of the GTP-dependent translation factors, the system-level K(m)(ATP) is unexpectedly low. Especially under starvation conditions, when energy sources are limited, cells need to replace catalysts that become inactive and to produce new catalysts in order to effectively adapt. Our results show how this crucial survival priority for synthesizing new proteins can be enforced after rapidly growing cells encounter energy limitation. A diminished energy supply can be rationed based on the relative ATP and GTP affinities, and, since these affinities for protein synthesis are high, the cells can adapt with substantial changes in protein composition. Furthermore, our work suggests that characterization of individual enzymes may not always predict the performance of multicomponent systems with complex interdependencies. We anticipate that cell-free studies in which complex metabolic systems are activated will be valuable tools for elucidating the behavior of such systems.

View details for DOI 10.1128/JB.00852-08


View details for Web of Science ID 000262609200045


View details for PubMedID 19028899





An integrated cell-free metabolic platform for protein production and synthetic biology
MOLECULAR SYSTEMS BIOLOGY

Jewett, M. C., Calhoun, K. A., Voloshin, A., Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 4


Abstract
Cell-free systems offer a unique platform for expanding the capabilities of natural biological systems for useful purposes, i.e. synthetic biology. They reduce complexity, remove structural barriers, and do not require the maintenance of cell viability. Cell-free systems, however, have been limited by their inability to co-activate multiple biochemical networks in a single integrated platform. Here, we report the assessment of biochemical reactions in an Escherichia coli cell-free platform designed to activate natural metabolism, the Cytomim system. We reveal that central catabolism, oxidative phosphorylation, and protein synthesis can be co-activated in a single reaction system. Never before have these complex systems been shown to be simultaneously activated without living cells. The Cytomim system therefore promises to provide the metabolic foundation for diverse ab initio cell-free synthetic biology projects. In addition, we describe an improved Cytomim system with enhanced protein synthesis yields (up to 1200 mg/l in 2 h) and lower costs to facilitate production of protein therapeutics and biochemicals that are difficult to make in vivo because of their toxicity, complexity, or unusual cofactor requirements.

View details for DOI 10.1038/msb.2008.57


View details for Web of Science ID 000260722900002


View details for PubMedID 18854819





BIOT 10-Cell-free protein synthesis of complex proteins and protein assemblies containing posttranslational modification
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Goerke, A. R., Wuu, J. J., Ebina, W., Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302269





BIOT 496-Activating and evolving hydrogenases for solar hydrogen production
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Swartz, J. R., Stapleton, J. A., Kuchenreuther, J. M., Smith, P.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302270





BIOT 143-Development of in vivo and in vitro systems for studying the expression and activation of [FeFe] hydrogenases and their required maturases
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Boyer, M. E., Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302141





BIOT 482-Enhancing production of complex mammalian proteins using E-coli based cell-free protein synthesis
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Welsh, J. P., Swartz, J. R., Bonomo, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302223





Cell-free metabolic engineering promotes high-level production of bioactive Gaussia princeps luciferase
METABOLIC ENGINEERING

Goerke, A. R., Loening, A. M., Gambhir, S. S., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 10 (3-4): 187-200


Abstract
Due to its small size and intense luminescent signal, Gaussia princeps luciferase (GLuc) is attractive as a potential imaging agent in both cell culture and small animal research models. However, recombinant GLuc production using in vivo techniques has only produced small quantities of active luciferase, likely due to five disulfide bonds being required for full activity. Cell-free biology provides the freedom to control both the catalyst and chemical compositions in biological reactions, and we capitalized on this to produce large amounts of highly active GLuc in cell-free reactions. Active yields were improved by mutating the cell extract source strain to reduce proteolysis, adjusting reaction conditions to enhance oxidative protein folding, further activating energy metabolism, and encouraging post-translational activation. This cell-free protein synthesis procedure produced 412mug/mL of purified GLuc, relative to 5mug/mL isolated for intracellular Escherichia coli expression. The cell-free product had a specific activity of 4.2x10(24)photons/s/mol, the highest reported activity for any characterized luciferase.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ymben.2008.04.001


View details for Web of Science ID 000261595600006


View details for PubMedID 18555198





High yield cell-free production of integral membrane proteins without refolding or detergents
BIOCHIMICA ET BIOPHYSICA ACTA-BIOMEMBRANES

Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 1778 (5): 1237-1250


Abstract
Integral membrane proteins act as critical cellular components and are important drug targets. However, difficulties in producing membrane proteins have hampered investigations of structure and function. In vivo production systems are often limited by cell toxicity, and previous in vitro approaches have required unnatural folding pathways using detergents or lipid solutions. To overcome these limitations, we present an improved cell-free expression system which produces high yields of integral membrane proteins without the use of detergents or refolding steps. Our cell-free reaction activates an Escherichia coli-derived cell extract for transcription and translation. Purified E. coli inner membrane vesicles supply membrane-bound components and the lipid environment required for insertion and folding. Using this system, we demonstrated successful synthesis of two complex integral membrane transporters, the tetracycline pump (TetA) and mannitol permease (MtlA), in yields of 570+/-50 microg/mL and 130+/-30 microg/mL of vesicle-associated protein, respectively. These yields are up to 400 times typical in vivo concentrations. Insertion and folding of these proteins are verified by sucrose flotation, protease digestion, and activity assays. Whereas TetA incorporates efficiently into vesicle membranes with over two-thirds of the synthesized protein being inserted, MtlA yields appear to be limited by insufficient concentrations of a membrane-associated chaperone.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbamem.2008.01.023


View details for Web of Science ID 000256211700005


View details for PubMedID 18295592





Escherichia coli-based cell-free synthesis of virus-like particles
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Bundy, B. C., Franciszkowicz, M. J., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 100 (1): 28-37


Abstract
Virus-like particles (VLP) have received considerable attention for vaccine, drug delivery, gene therapy and material science applications. Although the number of unique VLP and their applications are rapidly growing, the positive impact of VLP applications is limited by the current diverse, expensive, and typically low-yielding production technologies available. These technologies, when scaled, often result in structurally and compositionally inconsistent products. We present Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis as a production technology to overcome many of the limitations of current VLP production processes. Using this technique, the MS2 bacteriophage coat protein VLP was produced at a yield 14 times the best published production yield. Also, a C-terminally truncated Hepatitis B core protein VLP was produced at similarly high yields (6 x 10(13) VLP/mL). These VLP were found to have comparable characteristics to those produced in vivo. The scalability of this technology was tested without loss in production yields. To our knowledge, this is the first time a prokaryote-based in vitro transcription/translation system has generated a virus-like particle.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21716


View details for Web of Science ID 000254786200003


View details for PubMedID 18023052





Development of cell-free protein synthesis platforms for disulfide bonded proteins
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Goerke, A. R., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 99 (2): 351-367


Abstract
The use of cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) for recombinant protein production is emerging as an important technology. For example, the openness of the cell-free system allows control of the reaction environment to promote folding of disulfide bonded proteins in a rapid and economically feasible format. These advantages make cell-free protein expression systems particularly well suited for producing patient specific therapeutic vaccines or antidotes in response to threats from natural and man-made biological agents and for pharmaceutical proteins that are difficult to produce in living cells. In this work we assess the versatility of modern cell-free methods, optimize expression and folding parameters, and highlight the importance of rationally designed plasmid templates for producing mammalian secreted proteins, fusion proteins, and antibody fragments in our E. coli-based CFPS system. Two unique CFPS platforms were established by developing standardized extract preparation protocols and generic cell-free reaction conditions. Generic reaction conditions enabled all proteins to express well with the best therapeutic protein yield at 710 microg/mL, an antibody fragment at 230 microg/mL, and a vaccine fusion protein at 300 microg/mL; with the majority correctly folded. Better yields were obtained when cell-free reaction conditions were optimized for each protein. Establishing general CFPS platforms enhances the potential for cell-free protein synthesis to reliably produce complex protein products at low production and capital costs with very rapid process development timelines.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21567


View details for Web of Science ID 000252270300012


View details for PubMedID 17626291





Cell-free synthesis and maturation of [FeFe] hydrogenases
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Boyer, M. E., Stapleton, J. A., Kuchenreuther, J. M., Wang, C., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 99 (1): 59-67


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases catalyze the reversible reduction of protons to molecular hydrogen (Adams (1990); Biochim Biophys Acta 1020(2): 115-145) and are of significant interest for the biological production of hydrogen fuel. They are complex proteins with active sites containing iron, sulfur, and carbon monoxide and cyanide ligands (Peters et al. (1998); Science 282(5395): 1853-1858). Maturation enzymes for [FeFe] hydrogenases have been identified (Posewitz et al. (2004); J Biol Chem 279(24): 25711-25720), but complete mechanisms have not yet been elucidated. The study of [FeFe] hydrogenases has been impeded by the lack of an easily manipulated expression/activation system capable of producing these complex and extremely oxygen-sensitive enzymes. Here we show the first expression of functional [FeFe] hydrogenases in an Escherichia coli-based cell-free transcription/translation system. We have produced and matured both algal and bacterial hydrogenases using E. coli cell extracts containing the HydG, HydE, and HydF proteins from Shewanella oneidensis. The current system produces approximately 22 microg/mL of active protein, constituting approximately 44% of the total protein produced. Active protein yield is greatly enhanced by pre-incubation of the maturation enzyme-containing extract with inorganic iron and sulfur for reconstitution of the [Fe-S] clusters in HydG, HydE, and HydF. The absence of cell walls permits direct addition of cofactors and substrates, enabling rapid production of active protein and providing control over the maturation conditions. These new capabilities will enhance the investigation of complex proteins requiring helper proteins for maturation and move us closer to the development of improved hydrogenases for biological production of hydrogen as a clean, renewable alternative fuel.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21511


View details for Web of Science ID 000251639800007


View details for PubMedID 17546685





A sequential expression system for high-throughput functional genomic analysis
PROTEOMICS

Woodrow, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 7 (21): 3870-3879


Abstract
A method employing sequential rounds of cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) was developed to identify gene products influencing the complex metabolic systems that result in protein accumulation and folding in vitro. The first round of CFPS creates an array of cell extracts individually enriched with a single gene product expressed in-parallel from linear DNA expression templates (ETs). The cell extract is engineered to enhance template stability and to provide reaction conditions conducive for general protein activation. Following first-round expression, linear templates are selectively degraded and a plasmid template for a reporter enzyme is added to initiate a subsequent round of protein expression. Reporter concentration and activity identify first-round gene products that affect amino acid and nucleic acid stability, energy supply, protein expression, stability, and activation. This sequential CFPS system provides a unique format for the functional genomic identification of broadly diverse metabolic activities.

View details for DOI 10.1002/pmic.200700471


View details for Web of Science ID 000251016800005


View details for PubMedID 17960738





BIOT 106-"Seeing the light" with cell-free protein synthesis

Goerke, A. R., Loening, A. M., Gambhir, S., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2007



View details for Web of Science ID 000207593903175





BIOT 345-High yields of complex proteins with site-specific posttranslational modification using cell-free protein synthesis

Goerke, A. R., Wuu, J. J., Ebina, W., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2007



View details for Web of Science ID 000207593903177





Cell-free synthesis of proteins that require disulfide bonds using glucose as an energy source
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Knapp, K. G., Goerke, A. R., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 97 (4): 901-908


Abstract
The primary objective of this work was to create a cell-free protein synthesis extract that produces proteins requiring disulfide bonds while using glucose as an energy source. We attempted to avoid using iodoacetamide (IAM) to stabilize the required oxidizing thiol redox potential, since previous IAM pretreatments prevented glucose utilization apparently by inactivating glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-3PDH). Instead, the glutathione reductase (Gor)-mediated disulfide reductase system was disabled by deleting the gor gene from the KC6 cell-extract source strain. The thioredoxin reductase (TrxB)-mediated system was disabled by first adding a purification tag to the trxB gene in the chromosome to create strain KGK10 and then by affinity removal of the tagged TrxB. This was expected to result in a cell extract devoid of all disulfide reductase activity, but this was not the case. Although the concentration of IAM required to stabilize oxidized glutathione in the KGK10 extract could be reduced 20-fold, IAM pretreatment was still required to avoid disulfide reduction. Nonetheless, active urokinase and murine granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (mGM-CSF) were produced in reactions with KGK10 extract either with affinity removal of TrxB or with 50 microM IAM pretreatment. With the less intensive IAM pretreatment, glucose could be used as an energy source in a production system that promotes oxidative protein folding. This new protocol offers an economically feasible cell-free system for the production of secreted mammalian proteins as human therapeutics or vaccines.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21296


View details for Web of Science ID 000247158800024


View details for PubMedID 17154312





Cell-free production of scFv fusion proteins: an efficient approach for personalized lymphoma vaccines
BLOOD

Kanter, G., Yang, J., Voloshin, A., Levy, S., Swartz, J. R., Levy, R.

2007; 109 (8): 3393-3399


Abstract
The unique immunoglobulin (Ig) idiotype on the surface of each B-cell lymphoma represents an ideal tumor-specific antigen for use as a therapeutic vaccine. We have used an Escherichia coli-based, cell-free protein-expression system to produce a vaccine within hours of cloning the Ig genes from a B-cell tumor. We demonstrated that a fusion protein consisting of an idiotypic single chain Fv antibody fragment (scFv) linked to a cytokine (GM-CSF) or to an immunostimulatory peptide was an effective lymphoma vaccine. These vaccines elicited humoral immune responses against the native Ig protein displayed on the surface of a tumor and protected mice against tumor challenge with efficacy equal to that of the conventional Ig produced in a mammalian cell and chemically coupled to keyhole limpet hemocyanin. The cell-free E coli system offers a platform for rapidly generating individualized vaccines, thereby allowing much more efficient application in the clinic.

View details for DOI 10.1182/blood-2006-07-030593


View details for Web of Science ID 000245658500047


View details for PubMedID 17164345





Evidence for an additional disulfide reduction pathway in Escherichia coli
JOURNAL OF BIOSCIENCE AND BIOENGINEERING

Knapp, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 103 (4): 373-376


Abstract
An Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis cell extract has been created that lacks all known cytoplasmic disulfide reduction pathways but still retains significant reductase activity. Oxidized glutathione was partially stabilized by deleting the gene for glutathione reductase. To avoid previously reported AhpC mutations, thioredoxin reductase was only removed after extract preparation. The trxB gene was extended to encode a hemagglutinin tag so that TrxB could be removed by affinity adsorption. However, significant glutathione reductase activity remained. The unknown glutathione reductase pathway is disabled by iodoacetamide, is inhibited by NADH, and appears to use NADPH as an electron source.

View details for DOI 10.1263/jbb.103.373


View details for Web of Science ID 000247123800014


View details for PubMedID 17502280





Energy systems for ATP regeneration in cell-free protein synthesis reactions.
Methods in molecular biology (Clifton, N.J.)

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 375: 3-17


Abstract
Supplying energy for cell-free protein synthesis reactions is one of the biggest challenges to the success of these systems. Oftentimes, short reaction duration is attributed to an unstable energy source. Traditional cell-free reactions use a compound with a high-energy phosphate bond, such as phosphoenolpyruvate, to generate the ATP required to drive transcription and translation. However, recent work has led to better understanding and activation of the complex metabolism that can occur during cell-free reactions. We are now able to generate ATP using energy sources that are less expensive and more stable. These energy sources generally involve multistep enzymatic reactions or recreate entire energy-generating pathways, such as glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation. We describe the various types of energy sources used in cell-free reactions, give examples of the major classes, and demonstrate protocols for successful use of three recently developed energy systems: PANOxSP, cytomim, and glucose.

View details for PubMedID 17634594





Rapid expression of functional genomic libraries
JOURNAL OF PROTEOME RESEARCH

Woodrow, K. A., Airen, I. O., Swartz, J. R.

2006; 5 (12): 3288-3300


Abstract
Genomic-scale analysis of protein function is currently limited by the ability to rapidly express the enormous diversity of protein targets in their active form. We describe a method to construct transcriptionally active expression templates (ETs) in parallel using a single PCR step wherein the overlap-extension reaction for addition of transcription regulatory elements is separated from the amplification of the full-length product by using a GC-rich single primer. Over 90% of 55 diverse genomic targets were extended with T7 regulatory elements to form ETs in high yield and purity. The unpurified ETs directed protein expression using a cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) system supplemented with cofactors and metal ions to activate a variety of enzymes. Higher activities were obtained in the modified CFPS reactions compared to standard reaction conditions. Protein purification was avoided because the expressed enzyme activity was significantly greater than the background activity associated with the cell extract. These improvements in the parallel synthesis of linear ETs combined with enhanced in vitro enzyme activation help to make CFPS systems more attractive platforms for high-throughput evaluation of protein function.

View details for DOI 10.1021/pr050459y


View details for Web of Science ID 000242427800007


View details for PubMedID 17137330





BIOT 364-Expressing high yields of membrane proteins using cell-free synthesis

Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601626





BIOT 396-Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis of empty viral capsids

Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601729





BIOT 4-Developing a cell-free protein synthesis platform for producing proteins requiring disulfide bonds

Goerke, A. R., Knapp, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601532





BIOT 70-Avoiding mass transport limitations in hydrophobic biotransformations by efficient cell localization

Yancey, D. D., Robertson, C. R., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601709





BIOT 22-Directed evolution of oxygen-tolerant hydrogenases for photobiological hydrogen production

Stapleton, J. A., Boyer, M. E., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601431





BIOT 388-Extending cell-free protein synthesis to complex targets: Expression and maturation of FeFe-hydrogenases

Boyer, M. E., Stapleton, J. A., Kuchenreuther, J. M., Wang, C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601727





Effects of growth rate on cell extract performance in cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Zawada, J., Swartz, J.

2006; 94 (4): 618-624


Abstract
Cell-free protein synthesis is a useful research tool and now stands poised to compete with in vivo expression for commercial production of proteins. However, both the extract preparation and protein synthesis procedures must be scaled up. A key challenge is producing the required amount of biomass that also results in highly active cell-free extracts. In this work, we show that the growth rate of the culture dramatically affects extract performance. Extracts prepared from cultures with a specific growth rate of 0.7/h or higher produced approximately 0.9 mg/mL of chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) in a batch reaction. In contrast, when the source culture growth rate was 0.3/h, the resulting extract produced only 0.5 mg/mL CAT. Examination of the ribosome content in the extracts revealed that the growth rate of the source cells strongly influenced the final ribosome concentration. Polysome analysis of cell-free protein synthesis reactions indicated that about 22% of the total 70S ribosomes are in polysomes for all extracts regardless of growth rate. Furthermore, the overall specific production from the 70S ribosomes is about 22 CAT proteins per ribosome over the course of the reaction in all cases. It appears that rapid culture growth rates are essential for producing a productive extract. However, growth rate does not seem to influence specific ribosome activity. Rather, the increase in extract productivity is a result of a higher ribosome concentration. These results are important for cell-free technology and also suggest an assay for intrinsic in vivo protein synthesis activity.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20831


View details for Web of Science ID 000238350700002


View details for PubMedID 16673418





Developing cell-free biology for industrial applications
Annual Meeting of the Society-for-Industrial-Microbiology

Swartz, J.

SPRINGER HEIDELBERG. 2006: 476–85


Abstract
Although cell-free protein synthesis has been practiced for decades as a research tool, only recently have advances suggested its feasibility for commercial protein production. This focused review, based on the 2005 Amgen Award lecture, summarizes the relevant progress from the Swartz laboratory. When our program began, projected costs were much too high, proteins with disulfide bonds could not be folded effectively, and no economical scale-up technologies were available. By focusing on basic biochemical reactions and by controlling cell-free metabolism, these limitations have been methodically addressed. Amino acid supply has been stabilized and central metabolism activated to dramatically reduce substrate costs. Control of the sulfhydral redox potential has been gained and a robust disulfide isomerase added to facilitate oxidative protein folding. Finally, simple scale-up technologies have been developed. These advances not only suggest production feasibility for pharmaceutical proteins, they also provide enabling technology for producing patient-specific vaccines, for evolving new enzymes to enable biological hydrogen production from sunlight, and for developing new and highly effective water filters. Although many challenges remain, this newly expanded ability to activate and control protein production holds much promise for both research and commercial applications.

View details for DOI 10.1007/s10295-006-0127-y


View details for Web of Science ID 000239443800002


View details for PubMedID 16761165





Total amino acid stabilization during cell-free protein synthesis reactions
JOURNAL OF BIOTECHNOLOGY

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2006; 123 (2): 193-203


Abstract
Limitations in amino acid supply have been recognized as a substantial problem in cell-free protein synthesis reactions. Although enzymatic inhibitors and fed-batch techniques have been beneficial, the most robust way to stabilize amino acids is to remove the responsible enzymatic activities by genetically modifying the source strain used for cell extract preparation. Previous work showed this was possible for arginine, serine, and tryptophan, but cysteine degradation remained a major limitation in obtaining high protein synthesis yields. Through radiolabel techniques, we confirmed that cysteine degradation was caused by the activity of glutamate-cysteine ligase (gene gshA) in the cell extract. Next, we created Escherichia coli strain KC6 that combines a gshA deletion with previously described deletions for arginine, serine, and tryptophan stabilization. Strain KC6 grows well, and active cell extract can be produced from it for cell-free protein synthesis reactions. The extract from strain KC6 maintains stable amino acid concentrations of all 20 amino acids in a 3-h batch reaction. Yields for three different proteins improved 75-250% relative to cell-free expression using the control extract.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.jbiotec.2005.11.011


View details for Web of Science ID 000237881800008


View details for PubMedID 16442654





Simultaneous expression and maturation of the iron-sulfur protein ferredoxin in a cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Boyer, M. E., Wang, C. W., Swartz, J. R.

2006; 94 (1): 128-138


Abstract
The model iron-sulfur (Fe-S) protein ferredoxin (Fd) from Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 has been simultaneously produced and matured in a cell-free production system. After 6 h of incubation at 37 degrees C, Fd accumulated to >450 microg/mL. Essentially all was soluble, and 85% was active. Production and maturation of the protein in the cell-free system were found to be dependent in a coupled manner on the concentration of the supplemented iron and sulfur sources, ferrous ammonium sulfate and cysteine, respectively. The recombinant expression of ISC helper proteins during cell extract preparation did not increase cell-free Fd accumulation or activity, although the efficiency of iron and cysteine utilization increased. Fd maturation was independent of protein production rate, and proceeded at a constant rate throughout the period of active translation. In addition, incubation of denatured apo Fd with cell-free reaction components resulted in recovery of Fd activity, supporting the interpretation that maturation mechanisms did not act co-translationally. Incubation at 28 degrees C increased total and active protein accumulation, but decreased the ratio of active to total Fd produced. In summary, the high product yields and folding efficiency make the cell-free system described here an attractive platform for the study of Fe-S protein production and maturation. The system enables both small-volume, high throughput investigations as well as larger scale production. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration of directed, high-yield production and maturation of an Fe-S protein in a cell-free system.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20830


View details for Web of Science ID 000237216800013


View details for PubMedID 16570319





Quantitative polysome analysis identifies limitations in bacterial cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Underwood, K. A., Swartz, J. R., Puglisi, J. D.

2005; 91 (4): 425-435


Abstract
Cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) is becoming increasingly used for protein production as yields increase and costs decrease. CFPS optimization efforts have focused primarily on energy supply and small molecule metabolism, though little is known about the protein synthesis machinery or what limits protein synthesis rates. Here, quantitative polysome profile analysis was used to characterize cell-free translation, thereby elucidating many kinetic parameters. The ribosome concentration in Escherichia coli-based CFPS reactions was 1.6 +/- 0.1 microM, with 72 +/- 4% actively translating at maximal protein synthesis rate. A translation elongation rate of 1.5 +/- 0.2 amino acids per second per ribosome and an initiation rate of 8.2 x 10(-9) +/- 0.3 x 10(-9) M/s, which correlates to, on average, one initiation every 60 +/- 9 s per mRNA, were determined. The measured CFPS initiation and elongation rates are an order of magnitude lower than the in vivo rates and further analysis identified elongation as the major limitation. Adding purified elongation factors (EFs) to CFPS reactions increased the ribosome elongation rate and protein synthesis rates and yields, as well as the translation initiation rate, indicating a possible coupling between initiation and elongation. Further examination of translation initiation in the cell-free system showed that the first initiation on an mRNA is slower than subsequent initiations. Our results demonstrate that polysome analysis is a valid tool to characterize cell-free translation and to identify limiting steps, that dilution of translation factors is a limitation of CFPS, and that CFPS is a useful platform for making novel observations about translation.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20529


View details for Web of Science ID 000230915400004


View details for PubMedID 15991235





Efficient and scalable method for scaling up cell free protein synthesis in batch mode
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Voloshin, A. M., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 91 (4): 516-521


Abstract
A novel method for general cell free system scale-up in batch mode was applied to expression of E. coli chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) and a GMCSF-scFv fusion protein being developed as a B-cell lymphoma vaccine candidate (GLH). Performance of two different E. coli based cell-free systems was evaluated using the new scale-up approach. Reaction volumes from 15 to 500 microL were tested for both products and both reaction systems. In each case, the new scale-up method preserved total, soluble, and active volumetric yields of GLH and CAT at every reaction volume. At the 500 microL reaction volume, the PANOx SP system produced 560 +/- 36 microg/mL of active CAT and 99 +/- 10 microg/mL of active GLH protein using the new thin film approach whereas 500 microL test tube reactions produced 250 +/- 42 microg/mL and 72 +/- 7 microg/mL of active CAT and GLH respectively. Similarly, 500 microL cell-free synthesis reactions with the Cytomim system produced 481 +/- 38 microg/mL of active CAT and 109 +/- 15 microg/mL active GLH respectively in thin films compared to 29 +/- 7 microg/mL of active CAT and 5 +/- 2 microg/mL of active GLH protein in 500 microL test tube reactions. The new thin film approach improves oxygen supply for the Cytomim system, and increases the availability of hydrophobic surfaces. Analysis suggests that these surfaces provide significant benefit for protein expression and folding. We believe that this approach provides a general reaction scale-up technology that will be suitable for any protein target, cell free system, and reaction volume.

View details for Web of Science ID 000230915400014


View details for PubMedID 15937883





An economical method for cell-free protein synthesis using glucose and nucleoside monophosphates
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 21 (4): 1146-1153


Abstract
Cell-free protein synthesis reactions have not been seriously considered as a viable method for commercial protein production mainly because of high reagent costs and a lack of scalable technologies. Here we address the first issue by presenting a cell-free protein synthesis system with comparable protein yields that removes the most expensive substrates and lowers the cell-free reagent cost by over 75% (excluding extract, polymerase, and plasmid) while maintaining high energy levels. This system uses glucose as the energy source and nucleoside monophosphates (NMPs) in place of nucleoside triphosphates (NTPs) as the nucleotide source. High levels of nucleoside triphosphates are generated from the monophosphates within 20 min, and the subsequent energy charge is similar in reactions beginning with either NTPs or NMPs. Furthermore, significant levels (>0.2 mM) of all NTPs are still available at the end of a 3-h incubation, and the total nucleotide pool is stable throughout the reaction. The glucose/NMP reaction was scaled up to milliliter scale using a thin film approach. Significant yields of active protein were observed for two proteins of vastly different size: chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT, 25 kDa) and beta-galactosidase (472 kDa). The glucose/NMP cell-free reaction system dramatically reduces reagent costs while supplying high protein yields.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp050052y


View details for Web of Science ID 000231126800018


View details for PubMedID 16080695





Energizing cell-free protein synthesis with glucose metabolism
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 90 (5): 606-613


Abstract
In traditional cell-free protein synthesis reactions, the energy source (typically phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) or creatine phosphate) is the most expensive substrate. However, for most biotechnology applications glucose is the preferred commercial substrate. Previous attempts to use glucose in cell-free protein synthesis reactions have been unsuccessful. We have now developed a cell-free protein synthesis reaction where PEP is replaced by either glucose or glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) as the energy source, thus allowing these reactions to compete more effectively with in vivo protein production technologies. We demonstrate high protein yields in a simple batch-format reaction through pH control and alleviation of phosphate limitation. G6P reactions can produce high protein levels ( approximately 700 microg/mL of chloramphenical acetyl transferase (CAT)) when pH is stabilized through replacement of the HEPES buffer with Bis-Tris. Protein synthesis with glucose as an energy source is also possible, and CAT yields of approximately 550 mug/mL are seen when both 10 mM phosphate is added to alleviate phosphate limitations and the Bis-Tris buffer concentration is increased to stabilize pH. By following radioactivity from [U-(14)C]-glucose, we find that glucose is primarily metabolized to the anaerobic products, acetate and lactate. The ability to use glucose as an energy source in cell-free reactions is important not only for inexpensive ATP generation during protein synthesis, but also as an example of how complex biological systems can be understood and exploited through cell-free biology.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20449


View details for Web of Science ID 000229417600009


View details for PubMedID 15830344





Maintaining stable amino acid concentrations during cell-free protein synthesis.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Calhoun, K. A., Michel-Reydellet, N., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U229–U229



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701304





Metabolic modeling of cell-free protein synthesis reactions.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Calhoun, K. A., Varner, J., Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U194–U194



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701095





Economic cell-free protein synthesis system energized with glucose metabolism and NMPS.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U180–U180



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701015





Cell-free synthesis enables patient-specific vaccine production.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Swartz, J. R., Levy, R., Kanter, G., Yang, J. H., Voloshin, A.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U202–U203



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701145





Functional genomic analysis using in vitro protein expression and folding.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Woodrow, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U190–U191



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701074





Rapid expression of vaccine proteins for B-cell lymphoma in a cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Michel-Reydellet, N., Velkeen, H., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 89 (5): 503-511


Abstract
The idiotype (Id)-granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) fusion proteins are potential vaccines for immunotherapy of B-cell lymphoma. In this study, four vaccine candidates were constructed by fusing murine GM-CSF to the amino- or carboxy-terminus of the 38C13 murine B-lymphocyte Id scFv with two different arrangements of the variable regions of the heavy chain and light chain (VL-VH and VH-VL). scFv (VH-VL) and GM-CSF/scFv fusion proteins were expressed in an Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis system. In order to promote disulfide bond formation during cell-free expression, cell extract was pretreated with iodoacetamide (IAM), and a sulfhydryl redox buffer composed of oxidized and reduced glutathione was added. The E. coli periplasmic disulfide isomerase, DsbC, was also added to rearrange incorrectly formed disulfide linkages. The 38C13 B-lymphocyte Id scFv was expressed with 30% of its soluble yield in active form (43 microg/ml) when tested with an anti-idiotypic mAb, S1C5, as the capture antibody in radioimmunoassay. It was found that the amino-terminal GM-CSF fusion proteins, GM-VL-VH and GM-VH-VL, showed much higher activity than the carboxy-terminal GM-CSF fusion proteins, VL-VH-GM and VH-VL-GM, in stimulating the cell proliferation of a GM-CSF-dependent cell line, NFS-60. Between the two amino-terminal GM-CSF fusion proteins, GM-VL-VH showed a higher total and soluble yield than GM-VH-VL.

View details for Web of Science ID 000227171700002


View details for PubMedID 15669088





Streamlining Escherichia coli S30 extract preparation for economical cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Liu, D. V., Zawada, J. F., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 21 (2): 460-465


Abstract
Escherichia coli extracts activate cell-free protein synthesis systems by providing the catalysts for translation and other supporting reactions. Recent results suggest that high-density fermentations can be used to provide the source cells, but the subsequent cell extract preparation procedure requires multiple centrifugation and dialysis steps as well as an expensive runoff reaction. In the work reported here, the extract preparation protocol duration was reduced by nearly 50% by significantly shortening several steps. In addition, by optimizing the runoff incubation, overall reagent costs were reduced by 70%. Nonetheless, extracts produced from the shorter, less expensive procedure were equally active. Crucial steps were further examined to indicate minimal ribosome loss during the standard 30,000g centrifugations. Furthermore, sucrose density centrifugation analysis indicated that although an incubation step significantly activates the extract, ribosome/polysome dissociation is not required. These insights suggest that consistent cell extract can be produced more quickly and with considerably less expense for large-scale cell-free protein production, especially when combined with high-density fermentation protocols.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp049789y


View details for Web of Science ID 000228127200021


View details for PubMedID 15801786





Maintaining rapid growth in moderate-density Escherichia coli fermentations
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Zawada, J., Swartz, J.

2005; 89 (4): 407-415


Abstract
A novel feeding strategy that prolongs rapid growth rates for Escherichia coli fermentations to moderately high cell density is presented. High-density fermentations are a common and successful means of producing biological products. However, acetate accumulation can be a substantial problem in these procedures. To avoid this problem, many feeding strategies and host modifications have been developed, but all result in relatively low growth rates. If a faster growth rate could be maintained, the growth phase of the process would be shortened, leading to increased productivity. It is also possible that the subsequent specific production rate could be enhanced by growing the early culture at a faster rate. We have developed a procedure to enable rapid growth to a cell density of 20 g/L and have used cell-free protein synthesis to evaluate the relative potential of the resulting cells for producing recombinant proteins. The method uses glucose pulses and the duration of the dissolved oxygen response to calculate the appropriate glucose feed rate based on the glucose demand of the culture. Amino acids and vitamins were supplied in the medium to increase the growth rate. We were able to sustain a growth rate of 0.8/h up to 20 g/L dry cell weight without significant acetate accumulation. Analysis of amino acid consumption indicates that cell composition is an accurate predictor of amino acid demand for most amino acids. Cell-free protein synthesis was used to compare the protein production potential of the high-density cultures with that of cells grown in complex medium and harvested at low cell density and maximum growth rate. Protein production for the extract from the controlled, high-density fermentations was 950 mg/L compared with 860 mg/L for the low-density control. Therefore, the new control procedure has promising potential for developing rapid and productive industrial fermentations.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20369


View details for Web of Science ID 000226701100005


View details for PubMedID 15635610





Increasing PCR fragment stability and protein yields in a cell-free system with genetically modified Escherichia coli extracts
JOURNAL OF MOLECULAR MICROBIOLOGY AND BIOTECHNOLOGY

Michel-Reydellet, N., Woodrow, K., Swartz, J.

2005; 9 (1): 26-34


Abstract
Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis is a highly productive system that can be applied to high throughput expression from polymerase chain reaction (PCR) products in 96-well plates for proteomic studies as well as protein evolution. However, linear DNA instability appears to be a major limitation of the system. We modified the genome of the E. coli strain A19 by removing the endA gene encoding the endonuclease I and replacing the recCBD operon (in which recD encodes the exonuclease V) by the lambda phage recombination system. Using the cell extract from this new strain increased the stability of PCR products amplified from a plasmid containing the cat gene. This resulted in CAT (chloramphenicol acetyltransferase) production from PCR products comparable to that from plasmids (500-600 microg/ml) in a batch reaction. We show that cell-free protein synthesis reactions using PCR products amplified from genomic DNA and extended with the T7 promoter and the T7 terminator give the same high yields of proteins (550 microg/ml) in 96-well plates. With this system, it was possible to rapidly express a range of cytoplasmic and periplasmic proteins.

View details for DOI 10.1159/000088143


View details for Web of Science ID 000232991800003


View details for PubMedID 16254443





A novel method for producing custom-made idiotype vaccines for lymphoma immunotherapy using a cell-free expression system.
46th Annual Meeting of the American-Society-of-Hematology

Kanter, G., Yang, J. H., Voloshin, A., Swartz, J. R., Levy, R.

AMER SOC HEMATOLOGY. 2004: 395A–395A



View details for Web of Science ID 000225127501413





Expression of active murine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in an Escherichia coli cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 20 (6): 1689-1696


Abstract
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is an important cytokine in the mammalian immune system. It has been expressed in Escherichia coli with the same biological activity as the native protein. Here, we report the synthesis of a murine recombinant GM-CSF in an E. coli cell-free protein synthesis system with a high yield. Since there are two disulfide bonds in the native structure of GM-CSF, an oxidizing redox potential of the reaction mixture was required. By pretreating the cell extract with iodoacetamide (IAM), the reducing activity of the cell extract was inactivated, and upon further application of an oxidized glutathione buffer, most of the synthesized GM-CSF was found in its oxidized form. However, the GM-CSF thus formed showed low activity because of poor folding. With the addition of DsbC, the periplasmic disulfide isomerase from E. coli, a high yield of active GM-CSF was produced in the cell-free reaction. Finally, successful folding of the cell-free synthesized GM-CSF-his6 was confirmed by its cell-proliferation activity after purification with a Ni2+ chelating column.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp034350b


View details for Web of Science ID 000225558200010


View details for PubMedID 15575700





Substrate replenishment extends protein synthesis with an in vitro translation system designed to mimic the cytoplasm
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 87 (4): 465-472


Abstract
Cytoplasmic mimicry has recently led to the development of a novel method for cell-free protein synthesis called the "Cytomim" system. In vitro translation with this new system produced more than a 5-fold yield increase of chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) relative to a conventional method using pyruvate as an energy substrate. Factors responsible for activating enhanced protein yields, and causes leading to protein synthesis termination have been assessed in this new system. Enhanced yields were caused by the combination of three changes: growing the extract source cells on 2x YTPG media versus 2x YT, replacing polyethylene glycol with spermidine and putrescine, and reducing the magnesium concentration from conventional levels. Cessation of protein synthesis was primarily caused by depletion of cysteine, serine, CTP, and UTP. Substrate replenishment of consumed amino acids, CTP, and UTP extended the duration of protein synthesis to 24 h in fed-batch operation and produced 1.2 mg/mL of CAT. By also adding more T7 RNA polymerase and plasmid DNA, yields were further improved to 1.4 mg/mL of CAT. These results underscore the critical role that nucleotides play in the combined transcription-translation reaction and highlight the importance of understanding metabolic processes influencing substrate depletion.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20139


View details for Web of Science ID 000223072500004


View details for PubMedID 15286983





Amino acid stabilization for cell-free protein synthesis by modification of the Escherichia coli genome
METABOLIC ENGINEERING

Michel-Reydellet, N., Calhoun, K., Swartz, J.

2004; 6 (3): 197-203


Abstract
Cell-free biology provides a unique opportunity to assess and to manipulate microbial systems by inverse metabolic engineering. We have applied this approach to amino acid metabolism, one of the systems in cell-free biology that limits protein synthesis reactions. Four amino acids (arginine, tryptophan, serine and cysteine) are depleted during a 3-h batch cell-free protein synthesis reaction under various conditions. By modifying the genome of the Escherichia coli strain used to make the cell extract, we see significant stabilization of arginine, tryptophan and serine. Cysteine, however, continues to be degraded. Cell-free protein synthesis with the modified cell extract produces increased yields of the cysteine-free protein Outer Membrane Protein T (OmpT).

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ymben.2004.01.003


View details for Web of Science ID 000222938200004


View details for PubMedID 15256209





Enhancing multiple disulfide bonded protein folding in a cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Yin, G., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 86 (2): 188-195


Abstract
A recombinant plasminogen activator (PA) protein with nine disulfide bonds was expressed in our cell-free protein synthesis system. Due to the unstable and reducing environment in the initial E. coli-based cell-free system, disulfide bonds could not be formed efficiently. By treating the cell extract with iodoacetamide and utilizing a mixture of oxidized and reduced glutathione, a stabilized redox potential was optimized. Addition of DsbC, replacing polyethylene glycol with spermidine and putrescine to create a more natural environment, adding Skp, an E. coli periplasmic chaperone, and expressing PA at 30 degrees C increased the solubility of the protein product as well as the yield of active PA. Taken together, the modifications enabled the production of more than 60 microg/mL of bioactive PA in a simple 3-h batch reaction.

View details for Web of Science ID 000220503000008


View details for PubMedID 15052638





Mimicking the Escherichia coli cytoplasmic environment activates long-lived and efficient cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 86 (1): 19-26


Abstract
Cell-free translation systems generally utilize high-energy phosphate compounds to regenerate the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) necessary to drive protein synthesis. This hampers the widespread use and practical implementation of this technology in a batch format due to expensive reagent costs; the accumulation of inhibitory byproducts, such as phosphate; and pH change. To address these problems, a cell-free protein synthesis system has been engineered that is capable of using pyruvate as an energy source to produce high yields of protein. The "Cytomim" system, synthesizes chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (CAT) for up to 6 h in a batch reaction to yield 700 microg/mL of protein. By more closely replicating the physiological conditions of the cytoplasm of Escherichia coli, the Cytomim system provides a stable energy supply for protein expression without phosphate accumulation, pH change, exogenous enzyme addition, or the need for expensive high-energy phosphate compounds.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20026


View details for Web of Science ID 000220196000003


View details for PubMedID 15007837





Protein expression and engineering for structural studies.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Maynard, J., Garcia, K. C.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U131–U131



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600606





Toward protein glycosylation through post-translational modification from a cell-free protein synthesis system.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Schulte, J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U219–U219



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600751





Cell-free protein synthesis platform: Ideal system for unnatural amino acid incorporation.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Schulte, J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U129–U129



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600593





Rapid expression of vaccine proteins for B cell lymphoma in a cell-free system.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Levy, R., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U137–U137



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600636





Using cell-free biology to study systems biology.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Swartz, J. R., Calhoun, K. A., Jewett, M. C.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U255–U255



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600964





Rapid expression of vaccine proteins for B cell lymphoma in a cell-free system.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Levy, R., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U135–U135



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600626





In vitro system for simultaneous expression and maturation of iron-sulfur proteins.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Boyer, M. E., Wang, C. W., Spormann, A. M., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U225–U225



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600785





Cell-free production of active E-coli thioredoxin reductase and glutathione reductase
FEBS LETTERS

Knapp, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 559 (1-3): 66-70


Abstract
Escherichia coli thioredoxin reductase (TR) and glutathione reductase (GR) are dimeric proteins that require a flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) cofactor for activity. A cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) reaction supplemented with FAD was used to produce TR at 760 microg/ml with 89% of the protein being soluble. GR accumulated to 521 microg/ml in a cell-free reaction with 71% solubility. The TR produced was fully active with a specific activity of 1390 min(-1). The GR had a specific activity of 139 U/mg, which is significantly more active than reported for GR purified from cells. The specific activity for both TR and GR decreased without FAD supplementation. This research demonstrates that CFPS can be used to produce enzymes that are multimeric and require a cofactor.

View details for DOI 10.1016/S0014-5793(04)00025-0


View details for Web of Science ID 000188970100012


View details for PubMedID 14960309





Genetic analysis of disulfide isomerization in Escherichia coli: Expression of DsbC is modulated by RNase e-dependent mRNA processing
JOURNAL OF BACTERIOLOGY

Zhan, X. M., Gao, J. J., Jain, C. T., Cieslewicz, M. J., Swartz, J. R., Georgiou, G.

2004; 186 (3): 654-660


Abstract
We designed a selection strategy for the isolation of Escherichia coli mutants exhibiting enhanced protein disulfide isomerase activity. The folding of a variant of tissue plasminogen activator (v-tPA), a protein containing nine disulfide bonds, in the bacterial periplasm is completely dependent on the level of disulfide isomerase activity of the cell. Mutations that increase this activity mediate the formation of catalytically active v-tPA, which in turn cleaves a p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA)-peptide adduct to release free PABA and thus allows the growth of an auxotrophic strain. Following chemical mutagenesis, a total of eight E. coli mutants exhibiting significantly higher disulfide isomerization activity, not only with v-tPA but also with two other unrelated protein substrates, were isolated. This phenotype resulted from significantly increased expression of the bacterial disulfide isomerase DsbC. In seven of the eight mutants, the upregulation of DsbC was found to be related to defects in RNA processing by RNase E, the rne gene product. Specifically, the genetic lesions in five mutants were shown to be allelic to rne, while an additional two mutants exhibited impaired RNase E activity due to lesions in other loci. The importance of mRNA stability on the expression of DsbC is underscored by the short half-life of the dsbC transcript, which was found to be only 0.8 min at 37 degrees C in wild-type cells but was two- to threefold longer in some of the stronger mutants. These results (i) confirm the central role of DsbC in disulfide bond isomerization in the bacterial periplasm and (ii) suggest a critical role for RNase E in regulating DsbC expression.

View details for DOI 10.1128/JB.186.3.654-660.2004


View details for Web of Science ID 000188371600008


View details for PubMedID 14729690





Efficient production of a bioactive, multiple disulfide-bonded protein using modified extracts of Escherichia coli
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 85 (2): 122-129


Abstract
In this report, we demonstrate that a complex mammalian protein containing multiple disulfide bonds is successfully expressed in an E.coli-based cell-free protein synthesis system. Initially, disulfide-reducing activities in the cell extract prevented the formation of disulfide bonds. However, a simple pretreatment of the cell extract with iodoacetamide abolished the reducing activity. This extract was still active for protein synthesis even under oxidizing conditions. The use of a glutathione redox buffer coupled with the DsbC disulfide isomerase and pH optimization produced 40 microg/mL of active urokinase protease in a simple batch reaction. This result not only demonstrates efficient production of complex proteins, it also emphasizes the control and flexibility offered by the cell-free approach.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.10865


View details for Web of Science ID 000187634700002


View details for PubMedID 14704994





Rapid expression and purification of 100 nmol quantities of active protein using cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 20 (1): 102-109


Abstract
Two strategies for ATP regeneration during cell-free protein synthesis were applied to the large-scale production and single-column purification of active chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT). Fed-batch reactions were performed on a 5-10 mL scale, approximately 2 orders of magnitude greater than the typical reaction volume. The pyruvate oxidase system produced 104 nmol of active CAT in a 5 mL reaction over the course of 5 h. The PANOx system produced 261 +/- 42 nmol, about 7 mg, of active CAT in a 10 mL reaction over the course of 4 h. The reaction product was purified to apparent homogeneity with approximately 70% yield by a simple affinity chromatography adsorption and elution. To our knowledge, this is the largest amount of actively expressed protein to be reported in a simple, fed-batch cell-free protein synthesis reaction.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp0341693


View details for Web of Science ID 000188861300014


View details for PubMedID 14763830





Cell-free protein synthesis with prokaryotic combined transcription-translation.
Methods in molecular biology (Clifton, N.J.)

Swartz, J. R., Jewett, M. C., Woodrow, K. A.

2004; 267: 169-182


Abstract
Cell-free biology exploits and studies complex biological processes in a controlled environment without intact cells. One model system is prokaryotic cell-free protein synthesis. This technology offers an attractive and convenient approach to produce properly folded recombinant DNA (rDNA) proteins on a laboratory scale, screen PCR fragment libraries in a high-throughput format, express pharmaceutical proteins, incorporate labeled or unnatural amino acids into proteins, and activate microbial physiology to allow for investigation of biological systems. We describe the preparation of materials necessary for the expression, quantification, and purification of rDNA proteins from active Escherichia coli extracts.

View details for PubMedID 15269424





Affinity purification of lipid vesicles
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Peker, B., Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 20 (1): 262-268


Abstract
We present a novel column chromatography technique for recovery and purification of lipid vesicles, which can be extended to other macromolecular assemblies. This technique is based on reversible binding of biotinylated lipids to monomeric avidin. Unlike the very strong binding of biotin and biotin-functionalized molecules to streptavidin, the interaction between biotin-functionalized molecules and monomeric avidin can be disrupted effectively by ligand competition from free biotin. In this work, biotin-functionalized lipids (biotin-PEG-PE) were incorporated into synthetic lipid vesicles (DOPC), resulting in unilamellar biotinylated lipid vesicles. The vesicles were bound to immobilized monomeric avidin, washed extensively with buffer, and eluted with a buffer supplemented with free biotin. Increasing the biotinyl lipid molar ratio beyond 0.53% of all lipids did not increase the efficiency of vesicle recovery. A simple adsorption model suggests 1.1 x 10(13) active binding sites/mL of resin with an equilibrium binding constant of K = 1.0 x 10(8) M(-1). We also show that this method is very robust and reproducible and can accommodate vesicles of varying sizes with diverse contents. This method can be scaled up to larger columns and/or high throughput analysis, such as a 96-well plate format.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp034182n


View details for Web of Science ID 000188861300035


View details for PubMedID 14763851





Streamlining Escherichia coli S30 extract preparation for economical cell-free protein synthesis.
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Liu, D. V., Zawada, J. F., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U230–U230



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800975





Carbon flux analysis of metabolic reactions in cell-free protein synthesis.
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U214–U214



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800878





Cell-free protein synthesis utilizing unnatural amino acids
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Schulte, J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U186–U186



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800717





Mimicking the cytoplasmic environment of Escherichia coli with cell-free protein synthesis activates oxidative phosphorylation
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U185–U185



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800716





Accelerating product and process development by using cell-free protein synthesis.
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Swartz, J. R., Michelle-Reydellet, N., Knapp, K., Yin, G., Yang, J. H.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U190–U190



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800741





Effects of genotype and growth conditions on cell-free protein synthesis systems.

Zawada, J., Richter, B., Huang, E., Lodes, E., Shah, A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U213–U213



View details for Web of Science ID 000177422200955





Engineering cell-free protein synthesis for efficient protein folding.

Swartz, J. R., Yin, G., Yang, J. H., Voloshin, A., Jewett, M. C., Woodrow-Mumford, K.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U230–U230



View details for Web of Science ID 000177422201052





Isolation and genetic analysis of mutation that increase disulfide isomerization activity in E. coli

Zhan, X. M., Swartz, J. R., Georgiou, G.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U231–U231



View details for Web of Science ID 000177422201062





Construction of a protein crystallographic calculator.

Shanbhag, P. P., Gonzalez, A.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U220–U220



View details for Web of Science ID 000176296701143





Regeneration of adenosine triphosphate from glycolytic intermediates for cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2001; 74 (4): 309-316


Abstract
A new approach for adenosine triphosphate (ATP) regeneration in a cell-free protein synthesis system is described. We first show that pyruvate can be used as a secondary energy source to replace or supplement the conventional secondary energy source, phosphoenol pyruvate (PEP). We also report that glucose-6-phosphate, an earlier intermediate of the glycolytic pathway, can be used for ATP regeneration. These new methods provide more stable maintenance of ATP concentration during protein synthesis. Because pyruvate and glucose-6-phosphate are the first and last intermediates of the glycolytic pathway, respectively, the results also suggest the possibility of using any glycolytic intermediate, or even glucose, for ATP regeneration in a cell-free protein synthesis system. As a result, the methods described provide cell-free protein synthesis with greater flexibility and cost efficiency.

View details for Web of Science ID 000169835000005


View details for PubMedID 11410855





A PURE approach to constructive biology
NATURE BIOTECHNOLOGY

Swartz, J.

2001; 19 (8): 732-733



View details for Web of Science ID 000170188600020


View details for PubMedID 11479561





Advances in Escherichia coli production of therapeutic proteins
CURRENT OPINION IN BIOTECHNOLOGY

Swartz, J. R.

2001; 12 (2): 195-201


Abstract
Escherichia coli offers a means for the rapid and economical production of recombinant proteins. These advantages, coupled with a wealth of biochemical and genetic knowledge, have enabled the production of such economically sensitive products as insulin and bovine growth hormone. Although significant progress has been made in transcription, translation and secretion, one of the major challenges is obtaining the product in a soluble and bioactive form. Recent progress in oxidative cytoplasmic folding and cell-free protein synthesis offers attractive alternatives to standard expression methods.

View details for Web of Science ID 000167915900015


View details for PubMedID 11287237





Metabolic oscillations in an E-coli fermentation.

Andersen, D. C., Swartz, J. R., Ryll, T., Lin, N., Snedecor, B.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2001: U116–U117



View details for Web of Science ID 000168824700534





Synthesis of mammalian proteins with an E.coli cell-free system.

Swartz, J. R., Kim, D. M., Michel-Reydellet, N., Zawada, J., Jewett, M., Schulte, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2001: U108–U108



View details for Web of Science ID 000168824700486





Effect of sequences of the active-site dipeptides of DsbA and DsbC on in vivo folding of multidisulfide proteins in Escherichia coli
JOURNAL OF BACTERIOLOGY

Bessette, P. H., Qiu, J., Bardwell, J. C., Swartz, J. R., Georgiou, G.

2001; 183 (3): 980-988


Abstract
We have examined the role of the active-site CXXC central dipeptides of DsbA and DsbC in disulfide bond formation and isomerization in the Escherichia coli periplasm. DsbA active-site mutants with a wide range of redox potentials were expressed either from the trc promoter on a multicopy plasmid or from the endogenous dsbA promoter by integration of the respective alleles into the bacterial chromosome. The dsbA alleles gave significant differences in the yield of active murine urokinase, a protein containing 12 disulfides, including some that significantly enhanced urokinase expression over that allowed by wild-type DsbA. No direct correlation between the in vitro redox potential of dsbA variants and the urokinase yield was observed. These results suggest that the active-site CXXC motif of DsbA can play an important role in determining the folding of multidisulfide proteins, in a way that is independent from DsbA's redox potential. However, under aerobic conditions, there was no significant difference among the DsbA mutants with respect to phenotypes depending on the oxidation of proteins with few disulfide bonds. The effect of active-site mutations in the CXXC motif of DsbC on disulfide isomerization in vivo was also examined. A library of DsbC expression plasmids with the active-site dipeptide randomized was screened for mutants that have increased disulfide isomerization activity. A number of DsbC mutants that showed enhanced expression of a variant of human tissue plasminogen activator as well as mouse urokinase were obtained. These DsbC mutants overwhelmingly contained an aromatic residue at the C-terminal position of the dipeptide, whereas the N-terminal residue was more diverse. Collectively, these data indicate that the active sites of the soluble thiol- disulfide oxidoreductases can be modulated to enhance disulfide isomerization and protein folding in the bacterial periplasmic space.

View details for Web of Science ID 000166459500022


View details for PubMedID 11208797





Oxalate improves protein synthesis by enhancing ATP supply in a cell-free system derived from Escherichia coli
BIOTECHNOLOGY LETTERS

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2000; 22 (19): 1537-1542



View details for Web of Science ID 000089687800006





Prolonging cell-free protein synthesis by selective reagent additions
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2000; 16 (3): 385-390


Abstract
Factors causing the early cessation of protein synthesis have been studied in a cell-free system from Escherichia coli. We discovered that phosphoenol pyruvate (PEP), the secondary energy source for ATP regeneration, and several amino acids are rapidly degraded during the cell-free protein synthesis reaction. The degradation of such compounds takes place even in the absence of protein synthesis. This degradation severely reduces the capacity for protein synthesis. The lost potency was completely recovered when the reaction mixture was supplied with additional PEP and amino acids. Of the 20 amino acids, only arginine, cysteine, and tryptophan were required to restore system activity. Through repeated additions of PEP, arginine, cysteine,and tryptophan, the duration of protein synthesis was greatly extended. In this fed-batch reaction, after a 2 h incubation, the level of cell-free synthesized chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) reached 350 microg/mL, which is 3.5 times the yield of the batch reaction. Addition of fresh magnesium further extended the protein synthesis. As a result, through coordinated additions of PEP, arginine, cysteine, tryptophan, and magnesium, the final concentration of cell-free synthesized CAT increased more than 4-fold compared to a batch reaction. SDS-PAGE analysis of such a fed-batch reaction produced an obvious band of CAT upon Coomassie Blue staining.

View details for Web of Science ID 000087483800013


View details for PubMedID 10835240





Bioenergetics in cell-free protein synthesis systems.

Zawada, J. F., Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2000: U173–U173



View details for Web of Science ID 000087246100819





Cell-free protein expression: Designing for efficiency and low cost.

Swartz, J. R., Kim, D. M., Zawada, J., Michel-Reydellet, N.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2000: U166–U166



View details for Web of Science ID 000087246100777





Designing cell-free protein synthesis for efficient protein folding.

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2000: U190–U190



View details for Web of Science ID 000087246100917





Prolonging cell-free protein synthesis with a novel ATP regeneration system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

1999; 66 (3): 180-188


Abstract
A new approach for the regeneration of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) during cell-free protein synthesis was developed to prolong the synthesis and also to avoid the accumulation of inorganic phosphate. This approach was demonstrated in a batch system derived from Escherichia coli. Contrary to the conventional methods in which exogenous energy sources contain high-energy phosphate bonds, the new system was designed to generate continuously the required high-energy phosphate bonds within the reaction mixture, thereby recycling the phosphate released during protein synthesis. If allowed to accumulate, phosphate inhibits protein synthesis, most likely by reducing the concentration of free magnesium ion. Pediococcus sp. pyruvate oxidase, when introduced in the reaction mixture along with thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD), catalyzed the generation of acetyl phosphate from pyruvate and inorganic phosphate. Acetyl kinase, already present with sufficient activity in Escherichia coli S30 extract, then catalyzed the regeneration of ATP. Oxygen is required for the generation of acetyl phosphate and the H(2)O(2) produced as a byproduct is sufficiently degraded by endogenous catalase activity. Through the continuous supply of chemical energy, and also through the prevention of inorganic phosphate accumulation, the duration of protein synthesis is extended up to 2 h. Protein accumulation levels also increase. The synthesis of human lymphotoxin receives greater benefit than than that of chloramphenicol acetyl transferase, because the former is more sensitive to phosphate inhibition. Finally, through repeated addition of pyruvate and amino acids during the reaction period, protein synthesis continued for 6 h in the new system, resulting in a final yield of 0.7 mg/mL.

View details for Web of Science ID 000084141100006


View details for PubMedID 10577472





Cell-free protein synthesis: New analyses; new efficiencies.

Swartz, J. R., Kim, D. M.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 1999: U182–U182



View details for Web of Science ID 000079148100479































 



James Swartz's Profile | Stanford Profiles


















Stanford | Profiles









Browse






Sign In





Edit My Profile

















James Swartz
James H. Clark Professor in the School of Engineering and Professor of Chemical Engineering and of Bioengineering





              Print Profile
            




            Email Profile
          




                View Stanford-only Profile
            









Tab Menu 




Bio


Teaching


Publications










Bio

Using and Understanding Cell-Free BiologySwartz Lab General Research Focus:The current and projected research in the Swartz lab balances basic research in microbial metabolism, protein expression, and protein folding with a strong emphasis on compelling applications. The power and versatility of cell-free methods coupled with careful evaluation and engineering of these new systems enables a whole new range of applications and scientific investigation. Fundamental research on: the mechanisms and kinetics of ribosomal function, fundamental bioenergetics, basic mechanisms of protein folding, functional genomics, and metabolic pathway analysis is motivated by a variety of near- and medium term applications spanning medicine, energy, and environmental needs.Swartz Lab Application Focus:In the medical area , current research addresses the need for patient-specific vaccines to treat cancer. Particularly for lymphomas, there is a strong need to be able to make a new cancer vaccine for each patient. Current technologies are not practical for this demanding task, but cell-free approaches are rapid and inexpensive. We have already demonstrated feasibility in mouse tumor challenge studies and are now expanding the range of applications and working to improve the relevant technologies. Experience with these vaccines has also suggested a new and exciting format for making inexpensive and very potent vaccines for general use.To address pressing needs for a new and cleaner energy source, we are working towards an organism that can efficiently capture solar energy and convert it into hydrogen. The first task is to develop an oxygen tolerant hydrogenase using cell-free technology to express libraries of mutated enzymes that can be rapidly screened for improved function. Even though these are very complex enzymes, we have produced active hydrogenases with our cell-free methods. We are now perfecting the screening methods for rapid and accurate identification of improved enzymes. After these new enzymes are identified, the project will progress toward metabolic engineering and bioreactor design research to achieve the scales and economies required.To address environmental needs, we are developing an improved water filters using an amazing membrane protein, Aquaporin Z. It has the ability to reject all other chemicals and ions except water. We have efficiently expressed the protein into lipid bilayer vesicles and are now working to cast these membranes on porous supports to complete the development of a new and powerful water purification technology. The same lessons will be applied toward the development of a new class of biosensors that brings high sensitivity and selectivity.


Academic Appointments



Professor,  Chemical Engineering


Professor,  Bioengineering


Professor,  Bioengineering


Member,  Bio-X


Member,  Cardiovascular Institute


Member,  Child Health Research Institute


Member,  Stanford Cancer Institute


Faculty Fellow,  Stanford ChEM-H




Honors & Awards



Fellowship in Biochemical Engineering, Pfizer (1976)


Florasynth Fellowship, Institute of Food Technologist (1977)


Member, National Research Council Committee on Bioprocess Engineering (1991)


Keynote Address, Inaugural Meeting of The American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineers (1992)


Inducted as founding Fellow, The American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineers (1993)


James Van Lanen Service Award, Division of Biochemical Technology, American Chem. Soc. (1993)


Keynote Address, Asia-Pacific Biochemical Engineering Conference (1994)


Keynote Address, Biotech (2000)


Co-Chair, Biochemical Engineering X (1994)


Member, National Academy of Engineering (1997)


Opening Keynote Lecture, 2nd International Conference on Recombinant Protein Production (1999)


Amgen Award, Society of Industrial Microbiology (2002)


Distinguished Alumnus Award, S.Dak. School of Mines and Technology (2005)


Elmer Gaden Award, Stanford University (2005)


Leland T. Edwards Professor in the School of Engineering, Stanford University (2006)


Member, National Academy of Engineering (NAE) (2006)


Keynote Lecture, 20th Meeting for the European Society for Animal Cell Tech, Dresden, Germany (2006)


Opening Keynote Speaker, Recent Advances in Ferm Tech (RAFT VII) (2007)


The James Bailey Award, Soc for Biol. Eng. (Am Inst. For Chem. Eng.) (2007)


James H. Clark Professor in the School of Engineering, Stanford University (2008)




Boards, Advisory Committees, Professional Organizations



Member, National Academy of Engineering (2013 - Present)




Professional Education



PhD, Massachusetts Institute of Technolog (1978)


ScD, MIT, Biochemical Engineering  (1978)






Contact




Academic
jswartz@stanford.edu

University - Faculty
 Department:&nbspChemical Engineering
 Position: Professor

 Dept. of Chem. Eng.
  Stauffer III, Rm 113
  Stanford University

Stanford, 
California 
94305-5025 



 (650) 723-5398 (office)

(650) 725-0555 (fax)


University - Faculty
 Department:&nbspBioengineering
 Position: Professor

 (650) 723-5398 (office)

(650) 725-0555 (fax)







Administrator
Andrea Hubbard
Administrative Associate
ahubbub@stanford.edu

 (650) 736-1807 (office)






Additional Info




 Mail Code:
 5025




 Other Names: 

Jim Swartz












2016-17 Courses


Biochemical EngineeringCHEMENG 150 (Win)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Synthetic Biology and Metabolic EngineeringBIOE 454, CHEMENG 454 (Aut)

Independent Studies (7)

Bioengineering Problems and Experimental InvestigationBIOE 191 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Directed InvestigationBIOE 392 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Directed StudyBIOE 391 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Graduate Research Rotation in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 399 (Aut, Win, Sum)
Graduate Research in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 600 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Undergraduate Honors Research in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 190H (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)
Undergraduate Research in Chemical EngineeringCHEMENG 190 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)



Prior Year Courses

2015-16 Courses

Advances in BiotechnologyBIOE 450 (Spr)
BiotechnologyCHEMENG 25B, ENGR 25B (Win)
Senior Capstone Design IBIOE 141A (Aut)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)

2014-15 Courses

Biochemical EngineeringCHEMENG 150 (Win)
BiotechnologyCHEMENG 25B, ENGR 25B (Spr)
Senior Capstone Design IIBIOE 141B (Win)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)

2013-14 Courses

Advanced Biochemical EngineeringBIOE 355, CHEMENG 355 (Spr)
Advances in BiotechnologyBIOE 450, CHEMENG 450 (Spr)
Special Topics in Protein BiotechnologyCHEMENG 500 (Aut, Win, Spr, Sum)






Stanford Advisees



Doctoral Dissertation Reader (AC)

Shelley Ackerman


Doctoral Dissertation Advisor (AC)

Julie Fogarty











All Publications




Escherichia coli-based cell free production of flagellin and ordered flagellin display on virus-like particles.
Biotechnology and bioengineering

Lu, Y., Welsh, J. P., Chan, W., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 110 (8): 2073-2085


Abstract
Bacterial flagellin has been explored as a potential vaccine adjuvant for enhancing immune responses. In this article, we describe Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) as a method to rapidly produce soluble phase 1 flagellin (FliC) protein from Salmonella typhimurium. The yield was about 300 µg/mL and the product had much higher affinity for the TLR5 receptor (EC50 = 2.4 ± 1.4 pM) than previously reported. The flagellin coding sequence was first optimized for cell-free expression. We then found that the D0 domain at the C-terminus of flagellin was susceptible to proteolytic degradation in the CFPS system. Proteolysis was reduced by protease inhibitors, the use of protease-deficient cell extracts or deletion of the flagellin D0 domain. A human Toll-Like Receptor 5 (hTLR5)-specific bioactivity analysis of purified flagellin demonstrated that, although the D0 domain is far from the TLR5 recognition region, it is important for flagellin bioactivity. We next incorporated a non-natural amino acid displaying an alkyne moiety into flagellin using the CFPS system and attached flagellin to hepatitis B core virus-like particles (VLPs) using bioorthogonal azide-alkyne cycloaddition reactions. The ordered and oriented VLP display of flagellin increased its specific TLR5 stimulation activity by approximately 10-fold. Biotechnol. Bioeng. 2013;9999: XX-XX. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.24903


View details for PubMedID 23519642





Cell-free co-production of an orthogonal transfer RNA activates efficient site-specific non-natural amino acid incorporation
NUCLEIC ACIDS RESEARCH

Albayrak, C., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 41 (11): 5949-5963


Abstract
We describe a new cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) method for site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids (nnAAs) into proteins in which the orthogonal tRNA (o-tRNA) and the modified protein (i.e. the protein containing the nnAA) are produced simultaneously. Using this method, 0.9-1.7 mg/ml of modified soluble super-folder green fluorescent protein (sfGFP) containing either p-azido-l-phenylalanine (pAzF) or p-propargyloxy-l-phenylalanine (pPaF) accumulated in the CFPS solutions; these yields correspond to 50-88% suppression efficiency. The o-tRNA can be transcribed either from a linearized plasmid or from a crude PCR product. Comparison of two different o-tRNAs suggests that the new platform is not limited by Ef-Tu recognition of the acylated o-tRNA at sufficiently high o-tRNA template concentrations. Analysis of nnAA incorporation across 12 different sites in sfGFP suggests that modified protein yields and suppression efficiencies (i.e. the position effect) do not correlate with any of the reported trends. Sites that were ineffectively suppressed with the original o-tRNA were better suppressed with an optimized o-tRNA (o-tRNA(opt)) that was evolved to be better recognized by Ef-Tu. This new platform can also be used to screen scissile ribozymes for improved catalysis.

View details for DOI 10.1093/nar/gkt226


View details for Web of Science ID 000320116200040





Pluripotency transcription factor Sox2 is strongly adsorbed by heparin but requires a protein transduction domain for cell internalization
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Albayrak, C., Yang, W. C., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 431 (3): 641-645


Abstract
The binding of protein transduction domain (PTD)-conjugated proteins to heparan sulfate is an important step in cellular internalization of macromolecules. Here, we studied the pluripotency transcription factor Sox2, with or without the nonaarginine (R9) PTD. Unexpectedly, we observed that Sox2 is strongly adsorbed by heparin and by the fibroblasts without the R9 PTD. However, only the R9Sox2 fusion protein is internalized by the cells. These results collectively show that binding to heparan sulfate is not sufficient for cellular uptake, thereby supporting a recent hypothesis that other proteins play a role in cell internalization of PTD-conjugated proteins.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2012.11.016


View details for Web of Science ID 000315842800047


View details for PubMedID 23318174





Using E. coli-based cell-free protein synthesis to evaluate the kinetic performance of an orthogonal tRNA and aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase pair
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Albayrak, C., Swartz, J. R.

2013; 431 (2): 291-295


Abstract
Even though the orthogonal tRNA and aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase pairs derived from the archaeon Methanocaldococcus jannaschii have been used for many years for site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids (nnAAs) in Escherichia coli, their kinetic parameters have not been evaluated. Here we use a cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) system to control the concentrations of the orthogonal components in order to evaluate their performance while supporting synthesis of modified proteins (i.e. proteins with nnAAs). Titration experiments and estimates of turnover numbers suggest that the orthogonal synthetase is a very slow catalyst when compared to the native E. coli synthetases. The estimated k(cat) for the orthogonal synthetase specific to the nnAA p-propargyloxyphenylalanine (pPaF) is 5.4 × 10(-5) s(-1). Thus, this catalyst may be the limiting factor for nnAA incorporation when using this approach. These titration experiments also resulted in the highest reported cell-free accumulation of two different modified proteins (450 ± 20 μg/ml CAT109pAzF and 428±2μg/ml sfGFP23pPaF) using the standard KC6 cell extract and either the PANOx SP or the inexpensive Glu NMP cell-free recipe.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2012.12.108


View details for Web of Science ID 000315325300031


View details for PubMedID 23291171





Nuclear Resonance Vibrational Spectroscopy and Electron Paramagnetic Resonance Spectroscopy of Fe-57-Enriched [FeFe] Hydrogenase Indicate Stepwise Assembly of the H-Cluster
BIOCHEMISTRY

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Guo, Y., Wang, H., Myers, W. K., George, S. J., Boyke, C. A., Yoda, Y., Alp, E. E., Zhao, J., Britt, R. D., Swartz, J. R., Cramer, S. P.

2013; 52 (5): 818-826


Abstract
The [FeFe] hydrogenase from Clostridium pasteurianum (CpI) harbors four Fe-S clusters that facilitate the transfer of an electron to the H-cluster, a ligand-coordinated six-iron prosthetic group that catalyzes the redox interconversion of protons and H(2). Here, we have used (57)Fe nuclear resonance vibrational spectroscopy (NRVS) to study the iron centers in CpI, and we compare our data to that for a [4Fe-4S] ferredoxin as well as a model complex resembling the [2Fe](H) catalytic domain of the H-cluster. To enrich the hydrogenase with (57)Fe nuclei, we used cell-free methods to post-translationally mature the enzyme. Specifically, inactive CpI apoprotein with (56)Fe-labeled Fe-S clusters was activated in vitro using (57)Fe-enriched maturation proteins. This approach enabled us to selectively label the [2Fe](H) subcluster with (57)Fe, which NRVS confirms by detecting (57)Fe-CO and (57)Fe-CN normal modes from the H-cluster nonprotein ligands. The NRVS and iron quantification results also suggest that the hydrogenase contains a second (57)Fe-S cluster. Electron paramagnetic resonance (EPR) spectroscopy indicates that this (57)Fe-enriched metal center is not the [4Fe-4S](H) subcluster of the H-cluster. This finding demonstrates that the CpI hydrogenase retained an (56)Fe-enriched [4Fe-4S](H) cluster during in vitro maturation, providing unambiguous evidence of stepwise assembly of the H-cluster. In addition, this work represents the first NRVS characterization of [FeFe] hydrogenases.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bi301336r


View details for Web of Science ID 000314675800006


View details for PubMedID 23249091





Cell-free production of trimeric influenza hemagglutinin head domain proteins as vaccine antigens
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Welsh, J. P., Lu, Y., He, X., Greenberg, H. B., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 109 (12): 2962-2969


Abstract
In order to effectively combat pandemic influenza threats, there is a need for more rapid and robust vaccine production methods. In this article, we demonstrate E. coli-based cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) as a method to rapidly produce domains from the protein hemagglutinin (HA), which is present on the surface of the influenza virus. The portion of the HA coding sequence for the "head" domain from the 2009 pandemic H1N1 strain was first optimized for E. coli expression. The protein domain was then produced in CFPS reactions and purified in soluble form first as a monomer and then as a trimer by a C-terminal addition of the T4 bacteriophage foldon domain. Production of soluble trimeric HA head domain was enhanced by introducing stabilizing amino acid mutations to the construct in order to avoid aggregation. Trimerization was verified using size exclusion HPLC, and the stabilized HA head domain trimer was more effectively recognized by antibodies from pandemic H1N1 influenza vaccine recipients than was the monomer and also bound to sialic acids more strongly, indicating that the trimers are correctly formed and could be potentially effective as vaccines.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.24581


View details for Web of Science ID 000310465300008


View details for PubMedID 22729608





New Insights into [FeFe] Hydrogenase Activation and Maturase Function
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Britt, R. D., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 7 (9)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases catalyze H(2) production using the H-cluster, an iron-sulfur cofactor that contains carbon monoxide (CO), cyanide (CN(-)), and a dithiolate bridging ligand. The HydE, HydF, and HydG maturases assist in assembling the H-cluster and maturing hydrogenases into their catalytically active form. Characterization of these maturases and in vitro hydrogenase activation methods have helped elucidate steps in the H-cluster biosynthetic pathway such as the HydG-catalyzed generation of the CO and CN(-) ligands from free tyrosine. We have refined our cell-free approach for H-cluster synthesis and hydrogenase maturation by using separately expressed and purified HydE, HydF, and HydG. In this report, we illustrate how substrates and protein constituents influence hydrogenase activation, and for the first time, we show that each maturase can function catalytically during the maturation process. With precise control over the biomolecular components, we also provide evidence for H-cluster synthesis in the absence of either HydE or HydF, and we further show that hydrogenase activation can occur without exogenous tyrosine. Given these findings, we suggest a new reaction sequence for the [FeFe] hydrogenase maturation pathway. In our model, HydG independently synthesizes an iron-based compound with CO and CN(-) ligands that is a precursor to the H-cluster [2Fe](H) subunit, and which we have termed HydG-co. We further propose that HydF is a transferase that stabilizes HydG-co and also shuttles the complete [2Fe](H) subcluster to the hydrogenase, a translocation process that may be catalyzed by HydE. In summary, this report describes the first example of reconstructing the [FeFe] hydrogenase maturation pathway using purified maturases and subsequently utilizing this in vitro system to better understand the roles of HydE, HydF, and HydG.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0045850


View details for Web of Science ID 000309556100091


View details for PubMedID 23049878





A vaccine directed to B cells and produced by cell-free protein synthesis generates potent antilymphoma immunity
PROCEEDINGS OF THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

Ng, P. P., Jia, M., Patel, K. G., Brody, J. D., Swartz, J. R., Levy, S., Levy, R.

2012; 109 (36): 14526-14531


Abstract
Clinical studies of idiotype (Id) vaccination in patients with lymphoma have established a correlation between the induced anti-Id antibody responses and favorable clinical outcomes. To streamline the production of an Id vaccine, we engineered a small diabody (Db) molecule containing both a B-cell-targeting moiety (anti-CD19) and a lymphoma Id. This molecule (αCD19-Id) was designed to penetrate lymph nodes and bind to noncognate B cells to form an antigen presentation array. Indeed, the αCD19-Id molecule accumulated on B cells in vivo after s.c. administration. These noncognate B cells, decorated with the diabody, could then stimulate the more rare Id-specific B cells. Peptide epitopes present in the diabody linker augmented the response by activating CD4(+) helper T cells. Consequently, the αCD19-Id molecule induced a robust Id-specific antibody response and protected animals from tumor challenge. Such diabodies are produced in a cell-free protein expression system within hours of amplification of the specific Ig genes from the B-cell tumor. This customized product can now be available to vaccinate patients before they receive other, potentially immunosuppressive, therapies.

View details for DOI 10.1073/pnas.1211018109


View details for Web of Science ID 000308912600051


View details for PubMedID 22875703





Simplifying and streamlining Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Yang, W. C., Patel, K. G., Wong, H. E., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 28 (2): 413-420


Abstract
Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) uses E. coli extracts to make active proteins in vitro. The basic CFPS reaction mixture is comprised of four main reagent components: (1) energy source and CFPS chemicals, (2) DNA encoding the protein of interest, (3) T7 RNA Polymerase (RNAP) for transcription, and (4) cell extract for translation. In this work, we have simplified and shortened the protocols for preparing the CFPS chemical mixture, cell extract, and T7 RNAP. First, we streamlined the workflow for preparing the CFPS chemical solutions by combining all the chemicals into a single reagent mixture, which we call Premix. We showed that productive cell extracts could be made from cells grown in simple shake flasks, and we also truncated the preparation protocol. Finally, we discovered that T7 RNAP purification was not necessary for CFPS. Crude lysate from cells over-expressing T7 RNAP could be used without deleteriously affecting protein production. Using chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (CAT) as a model protein, we showed that these streamlined protocols still support high-yielding CFPS. These simplified procedures save time and offer greater accessibility to our laboratory's CFPS technology.

View details for DOI 10.1002/btpr.1509


View details for Web of Science ID 000302607100013


View details for PubMedID 22275217





Generation of hydrogen from NADPH using an [FeFe] hydrogenase
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HYDROGEN ENERGY

Smith, P. R., Bingham, A. S., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 37 (3): 2977-2983



View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ijhydene.2011.03.172


View details for Web of Science ID 000301157300101





Evolution of an [FeFe] hydrogenase with decreased oxygen sensitivity
INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF HYDROGEN ENERGY

Bingham, A. S., Smith, P. R., Swartz, J. R.

2012; 37 (3): 2965-2976



View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ijhydene.2011.02.048


View details for Web of Science ID 000301157300100





Transforming Biochemical Engineering with Cell-Free Biology
AICHE JOURNAL

Swartz, J. R.

2012; 58 (1): 5-13



View details for DOI 10.1002/aic.13701


View details for Web of Science ID 000301224400003





Solubility partner IF2 Domain I enables high yield synthesis of transducible transcription factors in Escherichia coli
PROTEIN EXPRESSION AND PURIFICATION

Yang, W. C., Welsh, J. P., Lee, J., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 80 (1): 145-151


Abstract
Since the discovery that somatic cells could be reprogrammed back to a pluripotent state through the viral expression of a certain set of transcription factors, there has been great interest in reprogramming using a safer and more clinically relevant protein-based approach. However, the search for an efficient reprogramming approach utilizing the transcription factors in protein form requires a significant amount of protein material. Milligram quantities of transcription factors are challenging to obtain due to low yields and poor solubility. In this work, we describe enhanced production of the pluripotency transcription factors Oct4, Sox2, Klf4, Nanog, and Lin28 after fusing them to a solubility partner, IF2 Domain I (IF2D1). We expressed and purified milligram quantities of the fusion proteins. Though the transcription factor passenger proteins became insoluble after removal of the IF2D1, the un-cleaved Oct4, Sox2, Klf4, and Nanog fusion proteins exhibited specific binding to their consensus DNA sequences. However, when we administered the un-cleaved IF2D1-Oct4-R9 and IF2D1-Sox2-R9 to fibroblasts and measured their ability to influence transcriptional activity, we found that they were not fully bioactive; IF2D1-Oct4-R9 and IF2D1-Sox2-R9 influenced only a subset of their downstream gene targets. Thus, while the IF2D1 solubility partner enabled soluble production of the fusion protein at high levels, it did not yield fully bioactive transcription factors.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.pep.2011.06.017


View details for Web of Science ID 000295608800022


View details for PubMedID 21757009


View details for PubMedCentralID PMC3183262





Discovery of Improved EGF Agonists Using a Novel In Vitro Screening Platform
JOURNAL OF MOLECULAR BIOLOGY

Lui, B. H., Cochran, J. R., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 413 (2): 406-415


Abstract
Directed evolution is a powerful strategy for protein engineering; however, evolution of pharmaceutical proteins has been limited by the reliance of current screens on binding interactions. Here, we present a method that identifies protein mutants with improved overall cellular efficacy, an objective not feasible with previous approaches. Mutated protein libraries were produced in soluble, active form by means of cell-free protein synthesis. The efficacy of each individual protein was determined at a uniform dosage with a high-throughput protein product assay followed by a cell-based functional assay without requiring protein purification. We validated our platform by first screening mock libraries of epidermal growth factor (EGF) for stimulation of cell proliferation. We then demonstrated its effectiveness by identifying EGF mutants with significantly enhanced mitogenic activity at low concentrations compared to that of wild-type EGF. This is the first report of EGF mutants with improved biological efficacy despite much previous effort. Our platform can be extended to engineer a broad range of proteins, offering a general method to evolve proteins for improved biological efficacy.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.jmb.2011.08.028


View details for Web of Science ID 000296404100010


View details for PubMedID 21888916





A filter microplate assay for quantitative analysis of DNA binding proteins using fluorescent DNA
ANALYTICAL BIOCHEMISTRY

Yang, W. C., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 415 (2): 168-174


Abstract
We present a rapid method for quantifying the apparent DNA binding affinity and capacity of recombinant transcription factors (TFs). We capture His6-tagged TFs using nickel-nitrilotriacetic acid (Ni-NTA) agarose and incubate the immobilized TFs with fluorescently labeled cognate DNA probes. After washing, the strength of the fluorescence signal indicates the extent of DNA binding. The assay was validated using two pluripotency-regulating TFs: SOX2 and NANOG. Using competitive binding analysis with nonlabeled competitor DNA, we show that SOX2 and NANOG specifically bind to their consensus sequences. We also determined the apparent affinity of SOX2 and NANOG for their consensus sequences to be 54.2±9 and 44.0±6nM, respectively, in approximate agreement with literature values. Our assay does not require radioactivity, but radioactively labeling the TFs enables the measurement of absolute amounts of immobilized SOX2 and NANOG and, hence, a DNA-to-protein binding ratio. SOX2 possesses a 0.95 DNA-to-protein binding ratio, whereas NANOG possesses a 0.44 ratio, suggesting that most of the SOX2 and approximately half of the NANOG are competent for DNA binding. Alternatively, the NANOG dimer may be capable of binding only one DNA target. This flexible DNA binding assay enables the analysis of crude or purified samples with or without radioactivity.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ab.2011.03.027


View details for Web of Science ID 000291904700010


View details for PubMedID 21447317





Localization of BiP to Translating Ribosomes Increases Soluble Accumulation of Secreted Eukaryotic Proteins in an Escherichia Coli Cell-Free System
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Welsh, J. P., Bonomo, J., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 108 (8): 1739-1748


Abstract
The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) resident Hsp70 chaperone, BiP, docks to the Sec translocon and interacts co-translationally with polypeptides entering the ER to encourage proper folding. In order to recreate this interaction in Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) reactions, a fusion protein was formed between the ribosome-binding portion of the E. coli protein trigger factor (TF) and BiP. The biophysical affinity to ribosomes as well as the characteristic Hsp70 ATPase activity were both verified for the fusion protein. When added to E. coli-based CFPS reactions, the TF-BiP fusion chaperone increased soluble yields of several protein fragments that are normally secreted through the ER and have poor solubility in typical CFPS reactions. For comparison, a fusion between TF and the native E. coli Hsp70, DnaK, was also constructed. This fusion was also biologically active and increased soluble yields of certain protein targets in CFPS. The TF-BiP fusion described in this study can be seen as a first step in reconstituting and better understanding ER folding pathways in the prokaryotic environment of E. coli CFPS.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.23111


View details for Web of Science ID 000292602600001


View details for PubMedID 21351069





Efficient disulfide bond formation in virus-like particles
JOURNAL OF BIOTECHNOLOGY

Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 154 (4): 230-239


Abstract
Virus-like particles (VLPs) consist of a virus's outer shell but without the genome. Similar to the virus, VLPs are monodisperse nano-capsules which have a known morphology, maintain a high degree of symmetry, and can be engineered to encapsidate the desired cargo. VLPs are of great interest for vaccination, drug/gene delivery, imaging, sensing, and material science applications. Here we demonstrate the ability to control the disulfide bond formation in VLPs by directly controlling the redox potential during or after production and assembly of VLPs. The open cell-free protein synthesis environment, which has been reported to produce VLPs at yields comparable or greater than traditional in vivo technologies, was employed. Optimal conditions for disulfide bond formation were found to be VLP dependent, and a cooperative effect in the formation of such bonds was observed.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.jbiotec.2011.04.011


View details for Web of Science ID 000292958600007


View details for PubMedID 21536082





Cell-free H-cluster Synthesis and [FeFe] Hydrogenase Activation: All Five CO and CN- Ligands Derive from Tyrosine
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., George, S. J., Grady-Smith, C. S., Cramer, S. P., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 6 (5)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases are promising catalysts for producing hydrogen as a sustainable fuel and chemical feedstock, and they also serve as paradigms for biomimetic hydrogen-evolving compounds. Hydrogen formation is catalyzed by the H-cluster, a unique iron-based cofactor requiring three carbon monoxide (CO) and two cyanide (CN⁻) ligands as well as a dithiolate bridge. Three accessory proteins (HydE, HydF, and HydG) are presumably responsible for assembling and installing the H-cluster, yet their precise roles and the biosynthetic pathway have yet to be fully defined. In this report, we describe effective cell-free methods for investigating H-cluster synthesis and [FeFe] hydrogenase activation. Combining isotopic labeling with FTIR spectroscopy, we conclusively show that each of the CO and CN⁻ ligands derive respectively from the carboxylate and amino substituents of tyrosine. Such in vitro systems with reconstituted pathways comprise a versatile approach for studying biosynthetic mechanisms, and this work marks a significant step towards an understanding of both the protein-protein interactions and complex reactions required for H-cluster assembly and hydrogenase maturation.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0020346


View details for Web of Science ID 000291097600048


View details for PubMedID 21673792





Binding of a cationic protein to the cell surface is insufficient for cellular uptake and bioactivity: Arginine-rich sequences are necessary
241st National Meeting and Exposition of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Yang, W. C., Lee, J., Albayrak, C., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2011



View details for Web of Science ID 000291982801879





Surface Functionalization of Virus-Like Particles by Direct Conjugation Using Azide-Alkyne Click Chemistry
BIOCONJUGATE CHEMISTRY

Patel, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 22 (3): 376-387


Abstract
We present a cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) platform and a one-step, direct conjugation scheme for producing virus-like particle (VLP) assemblies that display multiple ligands including proteins, nucleic acids, and other molecules. Using a global methionine replacement approach, we produced bacteriophage MS2 and bacteriophage Qβ VLPs with surface-exposed methionine analogues (azidohomoalanine and homopropargylglycine) containing azide and alkyne side chains. CFPS enabled the production of VLPs with yields of ~ 300 μg/mL and with 85% incorporation of methionine analogues without requiring a methionine auxotrophic production host. We then directly conjugated azide- and alkyne-containing proteins (including an antibody fragment and the granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor, or GM-CSF), nucleic acids and poly(ethylene glycol) chains to the VLP surface using Cu(I) catalyzed click chemistry. The GM-CSF protein, after conjugation to VLPs, was shown to partially retain its ability to stimulate the proliferation of cells. Conjugation of GM-CSF to VLPs resulted in a 3-5-fold reduction in its bioactivity. The direct attachment scheme facilitated conjugation of three different ligands to the VLPs in a single step, and enabled control of the relative ratios and surface abundance of the attached species. This platform can be used for the production of novel VLP bioconjugates for use as drug delivery vehicles, diagnostics, and vaccines.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bc100367u


View details for Web of Science ID 000288401400009


View details for PubMedID 21355575





Escherichia coli-based production of a tumor idiotype antibody fragment - tetanus toxin fragment C fusion protein vaccine for B cell lymphoma
PROTEIN EXPRESSION AND PURIFICATION

Patel, K. G., Ng, P. P., Levy, S., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2011; 75 (1): 15-20


Abstract
The unique immunoglobulin idiotype expressed on the surface of B lymphoma cells can be used as an effective antigen in tumor-specific vaccines when fused to immunostimulatory proteins and cytokines. A DNA vaccine encoding for an idiotype antibody single chain Fv (scFv) fragment fused to the Tetanus Toxin Fragment C (TTFrC) has been shown to induce protective anti-tumor responses. Protein-based strategies may be more desirable since they provide greater control over dosage, duration of exposure, and in vivo distribution of the vaccine. However, production of fusion protein vaccines containing complex disulfide bonded idiotype antibodies and antibody-derived fragments is challenging. We use an Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis platform as well as high-level expression of E. coli inclusion bodies followed by refolding for the rapid generation of an antibody fragment - TTFrC fusion protein vaccine. Vaccine proteins produced using both methods were shown to elicit anti-tumor humoral responses as well as protect from tumor challenge in an established B cell lymphoma mouse model. The development of technologies for the rapid production of effective patient-specific tumor idiotype-based fusion protein vaccines provides opportunities for clinical application.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.pep.2010.09.005


View details for Web of Science ID 000284452600002


View details for PubMedID 20851769





Development of an In Vitro Compartmentalization Screen for High-Throughput Directed Evolution of [FeFe] Hydrogenases
PLOS ONE

Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 5 (12)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenase enzymes catalyze the formation and dissociation of molecular hydrogen with the help of a complex prosthetic group composed of common elements. The development of energy conversion technologies based on these renewable catalysts has been hindered by their extreme oxygen sensitivity. Attempts to improve the enzymes by directed evolution have failed for want of a screening platform capable of throughputs high enough to adequately sample heavily mutated DNA libraries. In vitro compartmentalization (IVC) is a powerful method capable of screening for multiple-turnover enzymatic activity at very high throughputs. Recent advances have allowed [FeFe] hydrogenases to be expressed and activated in the cell-free protein synthesis reactions on which IVC is based; however, IVC is a demanding technique with which many enzymes have proven incompatible.Here we describe an extremely high-throughput IVC screen for oxygen-tolerant [FeFe] hydrogenases. We demonstrate that the [FeFe] hydrogenase CpI can be expressed and activated within emulsion droplets, and identify a fluorogenic substrate that links activity after oxygen exposure to the generation of a fluorescent signal. We present a screening protocol in which attachment of mutant genes and the proteins they encode to the surfaces of microbeads is followed by three separate emulsion steps for amplification, expression, and evaluation of hydrogenase mutants. We show that beads displaying active hydrogenase can be isolated by fluorescence-activated cell-sorting, and we use the method to enrich such beads from a mock library.[FeFe] hydrogenases are the most complex enzymes to be produced by cell-free protein synthesis, and the most challenging targets to which IVC has yet been applied. The technique described here is an enabling step towards the development of biocatalysts for a biological hydrogen economy.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0015275


View details for Web of Science ID 000284995300026


View details for PubMedID 21151915





High-Yield Expression of Heterologous [FeFe] Hydrogenases in Escherichia coli
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Grady-Smith, C. S., Bingham, A. S., George, S. J., Cramer, S. P., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 5 (11)


Abstract
The realization of hydrogenase-based technologies for renewable H(2) production is presently limited by the need for scalable and high-yielding methods to supply active hydrogenases and their required maturases.In this report, we describe an improved Escherichia coli-based expression system capable of producing 8-30 mg of purified, active [FeFe] hydrogenase per liter of culture, volumetric yields at least 10-fold greater than previously reported. Specifically, we overcame two problems associated with other in vivo production methods: low protein yields and ineffective hydrogenase maturation. The addition of glucose to the growth medium enhances anaerobic metabolism and growth during hydrogenase expression, which substantially increases total yields. Also, we combine iron and cysteine supplementation with the use of an E. coli strain upregulated for iron-sulfur cluster protein accumulation. These measures dramatically improve in vivo hydrogenase activation. Two hydrogenases, HydA1 from Chlamydomonas reinhardtii and HydA (CpI) from Clostridium pasteurianum, were produced with this improved system and subsequently purified. Biophysical characterization and FTIR spectroscopic analysis of these enzymes indicate that they harbor the H-cluster and catalyze H(2) evolution with rates comparable to those of enzymes isolated from their respective native organisms.The production system we describe will facilitate basic hydrogenase investigations as well as the development of new technologies that utilize these prolific H(2)-producing enzymes. These methods can also be extended for producing and studying a variety of oxygen-sensitive iron-sulfur proteins as well as other proteins requiring anoxic environments.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0015491


View details for Web of Science ID 000284572000030


View details for PubMedID 21124800





Comparing the functional properties of the Hsp70 chaperones, DnaK and BiP
BIOPHYSICAL CHEMISTRY

Bonomo, J., Welsh, J. P., Manthiram, K., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 149 (1-2): 58-66


Abstract
The Hsp70 family of molecular chaperones is an essential class of chaperones that is present in many different cell types and cellular compartments. We have compared the bioactivities of the prokaryotic cytosolic Hsp70, DnaK, to that of the eukaryotic Hsp70, BiP, located in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). Both chaperones helped to prevent protein aggregation. However, only DnaK provided enhanced refolding of denatured proteins. We also tested chaperone folding assistance during translation in the context of cell-free protein synthesis reactions for several protein targets and show that both DnaK and BiP can provide folding assistance under these conditions. Our results support previous reports suggesting that DnaK provides both post-translational and co-translational folding assistance while BiP predominantly provides folding assistance that is contemporaneous with translation.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bpc.2010.04.001


View details for Web of Science ID 000278427300008


View details for PubMedID 20435400





A Cell-Free Microtiter Plate Screen for Improved [FeFe] Hydrogenases
PLOS ONE

Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 5 (5)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenase enzymes catalyze the production and dissociation of H(2), a potential renewable fuel. Attempts to exploit these catalysts in engineered systems have been hindered by the biotechnologically inconvenient properties of the natural enzymes, including their extreme oxygen sensitivity. Directed evolution has been used to improve the characteristics of a range of natural catalysts, but has been largely unsuccessful for [FeFe] hydrogenases because of a lack of convenient screening platforms.Here we describe an in vitro screening technology for oxygen-tolerant and highly active [FeFe] hydrogenases. Despite the complexity of the protocol, we demonstrate a level of reproducibility that allows moderately improved mutants to be isolated. We have used the platform to identify a mutant of the Chlamydomonas reinhardtii [FeFe] hydrogenase HydA1 with a specific activity approximately 4 times that of the wild-type enzyme.Our results demonstrate the feasibility of using the screen presented here for large-scale efforts to identify improved biocatalysts for energy applications. The system is based on our ability to activate these complex enzymes in E. coli cell extracts, which allows unhindered access to the protein maturation and assay environment.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0010554


View details for Web of Science ID 000277467900010


View details for PubMedID 20479937





High-yield production of transducible transcription factors for non-viral modulation of gene expression

Yang, W. C., Welsh, J. P., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2010



View details for Web of Science ID 000208189300514





Effective site-specific incorporation of non-natural amino acids via simultaneous cell-free synthesis of the orthogonal tRNA and the product protein

Albayrak, C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2010



View details for Web of Science ID 000208189300581





Cell-free incorporation of non-natural amino acids in proteins enables the production of complex protein bioconjugates

Patel, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2010



View details for Web of Science ID 000208189300480





Site-Specific Incorporation of p-Propargyloxyphenylalanine in a Cell-Free Environment for Direct Protein-Protein Click Conjugation
BIOCONJUGATE CHEMISTRY

Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

2010; 21 (2): 255-263


Abstract
The tyrosine analog p-propargyloxyphenylalanine (pPa), like tyrosine, has limited water solubility. It has been postulated that this limited solubility has contributed to reduced cellular uptake of pPa and thus reduced in vivo incorporation of pPa into proteins. Using a cell-free protein synthesis system (CFPS) to circumvent cellular uptake, pPa has been incorporated site-specifically into proteins with high specificity at yields up to 27 times greater than the highest previously reported yield. The alkyne group present on proteins incorporated with pPa provides a reactive residue for site-specific bioconjugation with the copper(I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne [3 + 2] cycloaddition (CuAAC). Previously, incorporation of another CuAAC-compatible unnatural amino acid p-azido-l-phenylalanine (pAz) was demonstrated with CFPS. However, incorporation of pPa may be preferred over pAz due to the instability of the pAz's aryl-azido moiety upon UV or near-UV light exposure. Also, the ability to incorporate site-specifically both reactants of the CuAAC (the alkyne group of pPa and the azido group of pAz) into proteins enables direct site-specific conjugation of heterologous proteins. We have demonstrated (for the first time to our knowledge) a one-step, linker-less, site-specific, direct protein-to-protein conjugation using CuAAC and unnatural amino acids.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bc9002844


View details for Web of Science ID 000274514300009


View details for PubMedID 20099875





Cell-free production of Gaussia princeps luciferase - antibody fragment bioconjugates for ex vivo detection of tumor cells
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Patel, K. G., Ng, P. P., Kuo, C., Levy, S., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 390 (3): 971-976


Abstract
Antibody fragments (scFvs) fused to luciferase reporter proteins have been used as highly sensitive optical imaging probes. Gaussia princeps luciferase (GLuc) is an attractive choice for a reporter protein because it is small and bright and does not require ATP to stimulate bioluminescence-producing reactions. Both GLuc and scFv proteins contain multiple disulfide bonds, and consequently the production of active and properly folded GLuc-scFv fusions is challenging. We therefore produced both proteins individually in active form, followed by covalent coupling to produce the intended conjugate. We used an Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) platform to produce GLuc and scFv proteins containing non-natural amino acids (nnAAs) for subsequent conjugation by azide-alkyne click chemistry. GLuc mutants with exposed alkyne reactive groups were produced by global replacement of methionine residues in CFPS. Antibody fragment scFvs contained a single exposed azide group using a scheme for site-specific incorporation of tyrosine analogs. Incorporation of tyrosine analogs at specific sites in proteins was performed using an engineered orthogonal tRNA-tRNA synthetase pair from an archaebacterium. The unique azide and alkyne side chains in GLuc and the antibody fragment scFv facilitated conjugation by click chemistry. GLuc-scFv conjugates were shown to differentiate between cells expressing a surface target of the scFv and cells that did not carry this marker.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2009.10.087


View details for Web of Science ID 000272516700113


View details for PubMedID 19852937





Cell-Free Production of Transducible Transcription Factors for Nuclear Reprogramming
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Yang, W. C., Patel, K. G., Lee, J., Ghebremariam, Y. T., Wong, H. E., Cooke, J. P., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 104 (6): 1047-1058


Abstract
Ectopic expression of a defined set of transcription factors chosen from Oct3/4, Sox2, c-Myc, Klf4, Nanog, and Lin28 can directly reprogram somatic cells to pluripotency. These reprogrammed cells are referred to as induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs). To date, iPSCs have been successfully generated using lentiviruses, retroviruses, adenoviruses, plasmids, transposons, and recombinant proteins. Nucleic acid-based approaches raise concerns about genomic instability. In contrast, a protein-based approach for iPSC generation can avoid DNA integration concerns as well as provide greater control over the concentration, timing, and sequence of transcription factor stimulation. Researchers recently demonstrated that polyarginine peptide conjugation can deliver recombinant protein reprogramming factor (RF) cargoes into cells and reprogram somatic cells into iPSCs. However, the protein-based approach requires a significant amount of protein for the reprogramming process. Producing fusion RFs in the large amounts required for this approach using traditional heterologous in vivo production methods is difficult and cumbersome since toxicity, product aggregation, and proteolysis by endogenous proteases limit yields. In this work, we show that cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) is a viable option for producing soluble and functional transducible transcription factors for nuclear reprogramming. We used an E. coli-based CFPS system to express the above set of six human RFs as fusion proteins, each with a nona-arginine (R9) protein transduction domain. Using the flexibility offered by the CFPS platform, we successfully addressed proteolysis and protein solubility problems to produce full-length and soluble R9-RF fusions. We subsequently showed that R9-Oct3/4, R9-Sox2, and R9-Nanog exhibit cognate DNA-binding activities, R9-Nanog translocates across the plasma and nuclear membranes, and R9-Sox2 exerts transcriptional activity on a known downstream gene target.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.22517


View details for Web of Science ID 000273813400001


View details for PubMedID 19718703


View details for PubMedCentralID PMC3142170





Multiply mutated Gaussia luciferases provide prolonged and intense bioluminescence
BIOCHEMICAL AND BIOPHYSICAL RESEARCH COMMUNICATIONS

Welsh, J. P., Patel, K. G., Manthiram, K., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 389 (4): 563-568


Abstract
Gaussia luciferase (GLuc) from the copepod Gaussia princeps is both the smallest and brightest known luciferase. GLuc catalyzes the oxidation of coelenterazine to produce an intense blue light but with a very short emission half-life. We report mutated GLucs with much longer luminescence half-lives that retain the same initial intensity as the wild-type enzyme. The GLuc variants were produced using cell-free protein synthesis to provide high yields and rapid production of fully active product as well as simple non-natural amino acid substitution. By incorporating homopropargylglycine and attaching PEG using azide-alkyne click reactions, we also show that the four methionines in GLuc are surface accessible. The mutants provide a significantly improved reporter protein for both in vivo and in vitro studies, and the successful non-natural amino acid incorporation and PEG attachment indicate the feasibility of producing useful bioconjugates using click attachment reactions.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbrc.2009.09.006


View details for Web of Science ID 000271151100001


View details for PubMedID 19825431





Novel Anti-CD19/Idiotype Bispecific Diabody Vaccine for B-Cell Lymphoma
51st Annual Meeting and Exposition of the American-Society-of-Hematology

Ng, P. P., Jia, M., Virrueta, A., Patel, K., Swartz, J. R., Levy, S., Levy, R.

AMER SOC HEMATOLOGY. 2009: 1062–62



View details for Web of Science ID 000272725803267





Tyrosine, Cysteine, and S-Adenosyl Methionine Stimulate In Vitro [FeFe] Hydrogenase Activation
PLOS ONE

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 4 (10)


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases are metalloenzymes involved in the anaerobic metabolism of H(2). These proteins are distinguished by an active site cofactor known as the H-cluster. This unique [6Fe-6S] complex contains multiple non-protein moieties and requires several maturation enzymes for its assembly. The pathways and biochemical precursors for H-cluster biosynthesis have yet to be elucidated.We report an in vitro maturation system in which, for the first time, chemical additives enhance [FeFe] hydrogenase activation, thus signifying in situ H-cluster biosynthesis. The maturation system is comprised of purified hydrogenase apoprotein; a dialyzed Escherichia coli cell lysate containing heterologous HydE, HydF, and HydG maturases; and exogenous small molecules. Following anaerobic incubation of the Chlamydomonas reinhardtii HydA1 apohydrogenase with S-adenosyl methionine (SAM), cysteine, tyrosine, iron, sulfide, and the non-purified maturases, hydrogenase activity increased 5-fold relative to incubations without the exogenous substrates. No conditions were identified in which addition of guanosine triphosphate (GTP) improved hydrogenase maturation.The in vitro system allows for direct investigation of [FeFe] hydrogenase activation. This work also provides a foundation for studying the biosynthetic mechanisms of H-cluster biosynthesis using solely purified enzymes and chemical additives.

View details for DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0007565


View details for Web of Science ID 000271147200008


View details for PubMedID 19855833





Cell-Free Synthesis of Functional Aquaporin Z in Synthetic Liposomes
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Hovijitra, N. T., Wuu, J. J., Peaker, B., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 104 (1): 40-49


Abstract
The challenges involved in producing sufficient quantities of aquaporins for precise biophysical characterization have limited our knowledge of this important class of molecules. This article describes a cell-free protein synthesis method for producing high concentrations of the E. coli water transporter, aquaporin Z (AqpZ), in synthetic liposomes. To our knowledge, this is the first report of in vitro synthesis of a membrane protein directly into synthetic liposomes with verified function, (i.e., transport activity and selectivity). Titration of DOPC lipid vesicles added to the cell-free reaction show that production yields of active AqpZ are dependent on the concentration of DOPC lipid vesicles added to the cell-free reaction, with 224 +/- 24 lipids required per aquaporin monomer. Supplementation of the signal recognition particle receptor (FtsY) to the cell-free reaction increases production of vesicle-associated AqpZ but not active AqpZ. Cell-free reactions using 7 mg/mL lipids that were not supplemented with FtsY produced 507 +/- 11 microg/mL of vesicle-associated AqpZ that exhibited a specific water transport activity of (2.2 +/- 0.3) x 10(-14) cm(3) s(-1) monomer(-1). Proteinase K protection, activation energy determination, and selectivity against glycerol and urea transport also confirmed the production of correctly folded AqpZ. This technique is capable of producing milligram quantities of aquaporin that can be readily assayed for function, facilitating biophysical characterization and high-throughput analysis.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.22385


View details for Web of Science ID 000269096800006


View details for PubMedID 19557835





Universal cell-free protein synthesis
NATURE BIOTECHNOLOGY

Swartz, J. R.

2009; 27 (8): 731-732



View details for DOI 10.1038/nbt0809-731


View details for Web of Science ID 000268774500021


View details for PubMedID 19668180





High-Level Cell-Free Synthesis Yields of Proteins Containing Site-Specific Non-Natural Amino Acids
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Goerke, A. R., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 102 (2): 400-416


Abstract
We describe an E. coli-based cell-free system for the production of proteins with a non-natural amino acid (nnAA) incorporated site-specifically (modified protein). The mutant Methanococcus jannaschii tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase (mTyrRS) and tRNA(Tyr) pair were used as orthogonal elements. The mTyrRS experienced proteolysis and modified protein yields improved with higher synthetase addition (200-300 microg/mL). Product yields were also improved by increasing levels of total protein to 20 mg protein/mL and available vesicle surface area to 0.5 m(2)/mL. This new E. coli-based cell-free procedure produced up to 400 microg/mL of eCAT109pAz, 660 microg/mL of eDHFR10pAz, and 210 microg/mL of mDHFR31pAz with p-azido-L-phenylalanine (pAz) incorporated site-specifically at the amber nonsense codon. O-methyl-L-tyrosine and p-acetyl-L-phenylalanine were incorporated by similar protocols. The desired specificity for incorporation of the nnAA by the cell-free system was confirmed. Additionally, the modified proteins were enzymatically active and reactive for copper(I)-catalyzed (3 + 2) cycloadditions (click chemistry).

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.22070


View details for Web of Science ID 000262540300008


View details for PubMedID 18781689





Continued Protein Synthesis at Low [ATP] and [GTP] Enables Cell Adaptation during Energy Limitation
JOURNAL OF BACTERIOLOGY

Jewett, M. C., Miller, M. L., Chen, Y., Swartz, J. R.

2009; 191 (3): 1083-1091


Abstract
One of biology's critical ironies is the need to adapt to periods of energy limitation by using the energy-intensive process of protein synthesis. Although previous work has identified the individual energy-requiring steps in protein synthesis, we still lack an understanding of the dependence of protein biosynthesis rates on [ATP] and [GTP]. Here, we used an integrated Escherichia coli cell-free platform that mimics the intracellular, energy-limited environment to show that protein synthesis rates are governed by simple Michaelis-Menten dependence on [ATP] and [GTP] (K(m)(ATP), 27 +/- 4 microM; K(m)(GTP), 14 +/- 2 microM). Although the system-level GTP affinity agrees well with the individual affinities of the GTP-dependent translation factors, the system-level K(m)(ATP) is unexpectedly low. Especially under starvation conditions, when energy sources are limited, cells need to replace catalysts that become inactive and to produce new catalysts in order to effectively adapt. Our results show how this crucial survival priority for synthesizing new proteins can be enforced after rapidly growing cells encounter energy limitation. A diminished energy supply can be rationed based on the relative ATP and GTP affinities, and, since these affinities for protein synthesis are high, the cells can adapt with substantial changes in protein composition. Furthermore, our work suggests that characterization of individual enzymes may not always predict the performance of multicomponent systems with complex interdependencies. We anticipate that cell-free studies in which complex metabolic systems are activated will be valuable tools for elucidating the behavior of such systems.

View details for DOI 10.1128/JB.00852-08


View details for Web of Science ID 000262609200045


View details for PubMedID 19028899





An integrated cell-free metabolic platform for protein production and synthetic biology
MOLECULAR SYSTEMS BIOLOGY

Jewett, M. C., Calhoun, K. A., Voloshin, A., Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 4


Abstract
Cell-free systems offer a unique platform for expanding the capabilities of natural biological systems for useful purposes, i.e. synthetic biology. They reduce complexity, remove structural barriers, and do not require the maintenance of cell viability. Cell-free systems, however, have been limited by their inability to co-activate multiple biochemical networks in a single integrated platform. Here, we report the assessment of biochemical reactions in an Escherichia coli cell-free platform designed to activate natural metabolism, the Cytomim system. We reveal that central catabolism, oxidative phosphorylation, and protein synthesis can be co-activated in a single reaction system. Never before have these complex systems been shown to be simultaneously activated without living cells. The Cytomim system therefore promises to provide the metabolic foundation for diverse ab initio cell-free synthetic biology projects. In addition, we describe an improved Cytomim system with enhanced protein synthesis yields (up to 1200 mg/l in 2 h) and lower costs to facilitate production of protein therapeutics and biochemicals that are difficult to make in vivo because of their toxicity, complexity, or unusual cofactor requirements.

View details for DOI 10.1038/msb.2008.57


View details for Web of Science ID 000260722900002


View details for PubMedID 18854819





BIOT 10-Cell-free protein synthesis of complex proteins and protein assemblies containing posttranslational modification
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Goerke, A. R., Wuu, J. J., Ebina, W., Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302269





BIOT 496-Activating and evolving hydrogenases for solar hydrogen production
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Swartz, J. R., Stapleton, J. A., Kuchenreuther, J. M., Smith, P.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302270





BIOT 143-Development of in vivo and in vitro systems for studying the expression and activation of [FeFe] hydrogenases and their required maturases
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Kuchenreuther, J. M., Boyer, M. E., Stapleton, J. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302141





BIOT 482-Enhancing production of complex mammalian proteins using E-coli based cell-free protein synthesis
236th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Welsh, J. P., Swartz, J. R., Bonomo, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2008



View details for Web of Science ID 000270256302223





Cell-free metabolic engineering promotes high-level production of bioactive Gaussia princeps luciferase
METABOLIC ENGINEERING

Goerke, A. R., Loening, A. M., Gambhir, S. S., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 10 (3-4): 187-200


Abstract
Due to its small size and intense luminescent signal, Gaussia princeps luciferase (GLuc) is attractive as a potential imaging agent in both cell culture and small animal research models. However, recombinant GLuc production using in vivo techniques has only produced small quantities of active luciferase, likely due to five disulfide bonds being required for full activity. Cell-free biology provides the freedom to control both the catalyst and chemical compositions in biological reactions, and we capitalized on this to produce large amounts of highly active GLuc in cell-free reactions. Active yields were improved by mutating the cell extract source strain to reduce proteolysis, adjusting reaction conditions to enhance oxidative protein folding, further activating energy metabolism, and encouraging post-translational activation. This cell-free protein synthesis procedure produced 412mug/mL of purified GLuc, relative to 5mug/mL isolated for intracellular Escherichia coli expression. The cell-free product had a specific activity of 4.2x10(24)photons/s/mol, the highest reported activity for any characterized luciferase.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ymben.2008.04.001


View details for Web of Science ID 000261595600006


View details for PubMedID 18555198





High yield cell-free production of integral membrane proteins without refolding or detergents
BIOCHIMICA ET BIOPHYSICA ACTA-BIOMEMBRANES

Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 1778 (5): 1237-1250


Abstract
Integral membrane proteins act as critical cellular components and are important drug targets. However, difficulties in producing membrane proteins have hampered investigations of structure and function. In vivo production systems are often limited by cell toxicity, and previous in vitro approaches have required unnatural folding pathways using detergents or lipid solutions. To overcome these limitations, we present an improved cell-free expression system which produces high yields of integral membrane proteins without the use of detergents or refolding steps. Our cell-free reaction activates an Escherichia coli-derived cell extract for transcription and translation. Purified E. coli inner membrane vesicles supply membrane-bound components and the lipid environment required for insertion and folding. Using this system, we demonstrated successful synthesis of two complex integral membrane transporters, the tetracycline pump (TetA) and mannitol permease (MtlA), in yields of 570+/-50 microg/mL and 130+/-30 microg/mL of vesicle-associated protein, respectively. These yields are up to 400 times typical in vivo concentrations. Insertion and folding of these proteins are verified by sucrose flotation, protease digestion, and activity assays. Whereas TetA incorporates efficiently into vesicle membranes with over two-thirds of the synthesized protein being inserted, MtlA yields appear to be limited by insufficient concentrations of a membrane-associated chaperone.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.bbamem.2008.01.023


View details for Web of Science ID 000256211700005


View details for PubMedID 18295592





Escherichia coli-based cell-free synthesis of virus-like particles
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Bundy, B. C., Franciszkowicz, M. J., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 100 (1): 28-37


Abstract
Virus-like particles (VLP) have received considerable attention for vaccine, drug delivery, gene therapy and material science applications. Although the number of unique VLP and their applications are rapidly growing, the positive impact of VLP applications is limited by the current diverse, expensive, and typically low-yielding production technologies available. These technologies, when scaled, often result in structurally and compositionally inconsistent products. We present Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis as a production technology to overcome many of the limitations of current VLP production processes. Using this technique, the MS2 bacteriophage coat protein VLP was produced at a yield 14 times the best published production yield. Also, a C-terminally truncated Hepatitis B core protein VLP was produced at similarly high yields (6 x 10(13) VLP/mL). These VLP were found to have comparable characteristics to those produced in vivo. The scalability of this technology was tested without loss in production yields. To our knowledge, this is the first time a prokaryote-based in vitro transcription/translation system has generated a virus-like particle.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21716


View details for Web of Science ID 000254786200003


View details for PubMedID 18023052





Development of cell-free protein synthesis platforms for disulfide bonded proteins
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Goerke, A. R., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 99 (2): 351-367


Abstract
The use of cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) for recombinant protein production is emerging as an important technology. For example, the openness of the cell-free system allows control of the reaction environment to promote folding of disulfide bonded proteins in a rapid and economically feasible format. These advantages make cell-free protein expression systems particularly well suited for producing patient specific therapeutic vaccines or antidotes in response to threats from natural and man-made biological agents and for pharmaceutical proteins that are difficult to produce in living cells. In this work we assess the versatility of modern cell-free methods, optimize expression and folding parameters, and highlight the importance of rationally designed plasmid templates for producing mammalian secreted proteins, fusion proteins, and antibody fragments in our E. coli-based CFPS system. Two unique CFPS platforms were established by developing standardized extract preparation protocols and generic cell-free reaction conditions. Generic reaction conditions enabled all proteins to express well with the best therapeutic protein yield at 710 microg/mL, an antibody fragment at 230 microg/mL, and a vaccine fusion protein at 300 microg/mL; with the majority correctly folded. Better yields were obtained when cell-free reaction conditions were optimized for each protein. Establishing general CFPS platforms enhances the potential for cell-free protein synthesis to reliably produce complex protein products at low production and capital costs with very rapid process development timelines.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21567


View details for Web of Science ID 000252270300012


View details for PubMedID 17626291





Cell-free synthesis and maturation of [FeFe] hydrogenases
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Boyer, M. E., Stapleton, J. A., Kuchenreuther, J. M., Wang, C., Swartz, J. R.

2008; 99 (1): 59-67


Abstract
[FeFe] hydrogenases catalyze the reversible reduction of protons to molecular hydrogen (Adams (1990); Biochim Biophys Acta 1020(2): 115-145) and are of significant interest for the biological production of hydrogen fuel. They are complex proteins with active sites containing iron, sulfur, and carbon monoxide and cyanide ligands (Peters et al. (1998); Science 282(5395): 1853-1858). Maturation enzymes for [FeFe] hydrogenases have been identified (Posewitz et al. (2004); J Biol Chem 279(24): 25711-25720), but complete mechanisms have not yet been elucidated. The study of [FeFe] hydrogenases has been impeded by the lack of an easily manipulated expression/activation system capable of producing these complex and extremely oxygen-sensitive enzymes. Here we show the first expression of functional [FeFe] hydrogenases in an Escherichia coli-based cell-free transcription/translation system. We have produced and matured both algal and bacterial hydrogenases using E. coli cell extracts containing the HydG, HydE, and HydF proteins from Shewanella oneidensis. The current system produces approximately 22 microg/mL of active protein, constituting approximately 44% of the total protein produced. Active protein yield is greatly enhanced by pre-incubation of the maturation enzyme-containing extract with inorganic iron and sulfur for reconstitution of the [Fe-S] clusters in HydG, HydE, and HydF. The absence of cell walls permits direct addition of cofactors and substrates, enabling rapid production of active protein and providing control over the maturation conditions. These new capabilities will enhance the investigation of complex proteins requiring helper proteins for maturation and move us closer to the development of improved hydrogenases for biological production of hydrogen as a clean, renewable alternative fuel.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21511


View details for Web of Science ID 000251639800007


View details for PubMedID 17546685





A sequential expression system for high-throughput functional genomic analysis
PROTEOMICS

Woodrow, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 7 (21): 3870-3879


Abstract
A method employing sequential rounds of cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) was developed to identify gene products influencing the complex metabolic systems that result in protein accumulation and folding in vitro. The first round of CFPS creates an array of cell extracts individually enriched with a single gene product expressed in-parallel from linear DNA expression templates (ETs). The cell extract is engineered to enhance template stability and to provide reaction conditions conducive for general protein activation. Following first-round expression, linear templates are selectively degraded and a plasmid template for a reporter enzyme is added to initiate a subsequent round of protein expression. Reporter concentration and activity identify first-round gene products that affect amino acid and nucleic acid stability, energy supply, protein expression, stability, and activation. This sequential CFPS system provides a unique format for the functional genomic identification of broadly diverse metabolic activities.

View details for DOI 10.1002/pmic.200700471


View details for Web of Science ID 000251016800005


View details for PubMedID 17960738





BIOT 106-"Seeing the light" with cell-free protein synthesis

Goerke, A. R., Loening, A. M., Gambhir, S., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2007



View details for Web of Science ID 000207593903175





BIOT 345-High yields of complex proteins with site-specific posttranslational modification using cell-free protein synthesis

Goerke, A. R., Wuu, J. J., Ebina, W., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2007



View details for Web of Science ID 000207593903177





Cell-free synthesis of proteins that require disulfide bonds using glucose as an energy source
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Knapp, K. G., Goerke, A. R., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 97 (4): 901-908


Abstract
The primary objective of this work was to create a cell-free protein synthesis extract that produces proteins requiring disulfide bonds while using glucose as an energy source. We attempted to avoid using iodoacetamide (IAM) to stabilize the required oxidizing thiol redox potential, since previous IAM pretreatments prevented glucose utilization apparently by inactivating glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-3PDH). Instead, the glutathione reductase (Gor)-mediated disulfide reductase system was disabled by deleting the gor gene from the KC6 cell-extract source strain. The thioredoxin reductase (TrxB)-mediated system was disabled by first adding a purification tag to the trxB gene in the chromosome to create strain KGK10 and then by affinity removal of the tagged TrxB. This was expected to result in a cell extract devoid of all disulfide reductase activity, but this was not the case. Although the concentration of IAM required to stabilize oxidized glutathione in the KGK10 extract could be reduced 20-fold, IAM pretreatment was still required to avoid disulfide reduction. Nonetheless, active urokinase and murine granulocyte macrophage-colony stimulating factor (mGM-CSF) were produced in reactions with KGK10 extract either with affinity removal of TrxB or with 50 microM IAM pretreatment. With the less intensive IAM pretreatment, glucose could be used as an energy source in a production system that promotes oxidative protein folding. This new protocol offers an economically feasible cell-free system for the production of secreted mammalian proteins as human therapeutics or vaccines.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.21296


View details for Web of Science ID 000247158800024


View details for PubMedID 17154312





Cell-free production of scFv fusion proteins: an efficient approach for personalized lymphoma vaccines
BLOOD

Kanter, G., Yang, J., Voloshin, A., Levy, S., Swartz, J. R., Levy, R.

2007; 109 (8): 3393-3399


Abstract
The unique immunoglobulin (Ig) idiotype on the surface of each B-cell lymphoma represents an ideal tumor-specific antigen for use as a therapeutic vaccine. We have used an Escherichia coli-based, cell-free protein-expression system to produce a vaccine within hours of cloning the Ig genes from a B-cell tumor. We demonstrated that a fusion protein consisting of an idiotypic single chain Fv antibody fragment (scFv) linked to a cytokine (GM-CSF) or to an immunostimulatory peptide was an effective lymphoma vaccine. These vaccines elicited humoral immune responses against the native Ig protein displayed on the surface of a tumor and protected mice against tumor challenge with efficacy equal to that of the conventional Ig produced in a mammalian cell and chemically coupled to keyhole limpet hemocyanin. The cell-free E coli system offers a platform for rapidly generating individualized vaccines, thereby allowing much more efficient application in the clinic.

View details for DOI 10.1182/blood-2006-07-030593


View details for Web of Science ID 000245658500047


View details for PubMedID 17164345





Evidence for an additional disulfide reduction pathway in Escherichia coli
JOURNAL OF BIOSCIENCE AND BIOENGINEERING

Knapp, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 103 (4): 373-376


Abstract
An Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis cell extract has been created that lacks all known cytoplasmic disulfide reduction pathways but still retains significant reductase activity. Oxidized glutathione was partially stabilized by deleting the gene for glutathione reductase. To avoid previously reported AhpC mutations, thioredoxin reductase was only removed after extract preparation. The trxB gene was extended to encode a hemagglutinin tag so that TrxB could be removed by affinity adsorption. However, significant glutathione reductase activity remained. The unknown glutathione reductase pathway is disabled by iodoacetamide, is inhibited by NADH, and appears to use NADPH as an electron source.

View details for DOI 10.1263/jbb.103.373


View details for Web of Science ID 000247123800014


View details for PubMedID 17502280





Energy systems for ATP regeneration in cell-free protein synthesis reactions.
Methods in molecular biology (Clifton, N.J.)

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2007; 375: 3-17


Abstract
Supplying energy for cell-free protein synthesis reactions is one of the biggest challenges to the success of these systems. Oftentimes, short reaction duration is attributed to an unstable energy source. Traditional cell-free reactions use a compound with a high-energy phosphate bond, such as phosphoenolpyruvate, to generate the ATP required to drive transcription and translation. However, recent work has led to better understanding and activation of the complex metabolism that can occur during cell-free reactions. We are now able to generate ATP using energy sources that are less expensive and more stable. These energy sources generally involve multistep enzymatic reactions or recreate entire energy-generating pathways, such as glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation. We describe the various types of energy sources used in cell-free reactions, give examples of the major classes, and demonstrate protocols for successful use of three recently developed energy systems: PANOxSP, cytomim, and glucose.

View details for PubMedID 17634594





Rapid expression of functional genomic libraries
JOURNAL OF PROTEOME RESEARCH

Woodrow, K. A., Airen, I. O., Swartz, J. R.

2006; 5 (12): 3288-3300


Abstract
Genomic-scale analysis of protein function is currently limited by the ability to rapidly express the enormous diversity of protein targets in their active form. We describe a method to construct transcriptionally active expression templates (ETs) in parallel using a single PCR step wherein the overlap-extension reaction for addition of transcription regulatory elements is separated from the amplification of the full-length product by using a GC-rich single primer. Over 90% of 55 diverse genomic targets were extended with T7 regulatory elements to form ETs in high yield and purity. The unpurified ETs directed protein expression using a cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) system supplemented with cofactors and metal ions to activate a variety of enzymes. Higher activities were obtained in the modified CFPS reactions compared to standard reaction conditions. Protein purification was avoided because the expressed enzyme activity was significantly greater than the background activity associated with the cell extract. These improvements in the parallel synthesis of linear ETs combined with enhanced in vitro enzyme activation help to make CFPS systems more attractive platforms for high-throughput evaluation of protein function.

View details for DOI 10.1021/pr050459y


View details for Web of Science ID 000242427800007


View details for PubMedID 17137330





BIOT 364-Expressing high yields of membrane proteins using cell-free synthesis

Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601626





BIOT 396-Escherichia coli-based cell-free protein synthesis of empty viral capsids

Bundy, B. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601729





BIOT 4-Developing a cell-free protein synthesis platform for producing proteins requiring disulfide bonds

Goerke, A. R., Knapp, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601532





BIOT 70-Avoiding mass transport limitations in hydrophobic biotransformations by efficient cell localization

Yancey, D. D., Robertson, C. R., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601709





BIOT 22-Directed evolution of oxygen-tolerant hydrogenases for photobiological hydrogen production

Stapleton, J. A., Boyer, M. E., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601431





BIOT 388-Extending cell-free protein synthesis to complex targets: Expression and maturation of FeFe-hydrogenases

Boyer, M. E., Stapleton, J. A., Kuchenreuther, J. M., Wang, C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2006



View details for Web of Science ID 000207781601727





Effects of growth rate on cell extract performance in cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Zawada, J., Swartz, J.

2006; 94 (4): 618-624


Abstract
Cell-free protein synthesis is a useful research tool and now stands poised to compete with in vivo expression for commercial production of proteins. However, both the extract preparation and protein synthesis procedures must be scaled up. A key challenge is producing the required amount of biomass that also results in highly active cell-free extracts. In this work, we show that the growth rate of the culture dramatically affects extract performance. Extracts prepared from cultures with a specific growth rate of 0.7/h or higher produced approximately 0.9 mg/mL of chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) in a batch reaction. In contrast, when the source culture growth rate was 0.3/h, the resulting extract produced only 0.5 mg/mL CAT. Examination of the ribosome content in the extracts revealed that the growth rate of the source cells strongly influenced the final ribosome concentration. Polysome analysis of cell-free protein synthesis reactions indicated that about 22% of the total 70S ribosomes are in polysomes for all extracts regardless of growth rate. Furthermore, the overall specific production from the 70S ribosomes is about 22 CAT proteins per ribosome over the course of the reaction in all cases. It appears that rapid culture growth rates are essential for producing a productive extract. However, growth rate does not seem to influence specific ribosome activity. Rather, the increase in extract productivity is a result of a higher ribosome concentration. These results are important for cell-free technology and also suggest an assay for intrinsic in vivo protein synthesis activity.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20831


View details for Web of Science ID 000238350700002


View details for PubMedID 16673418





Developing cell-free biology for industrial applications
Annual Meeting of the Society-for-Industrial-Microbiology

Swartz, J.

SPRINGER HEIDELBERG. 2006: 476–85


Abstract
Although cell-free protein synthesis has been practiced for decades as a research tool, only recently have advances suggested its feasibility for commercial protein production. This focused review, based on the 2005 Amgen Award lecture, summarizes the relevant progress from the Swartz laboratory. When our program began, projected costs were much too high, proteins with disulfide bonds could not be folded effectively, and no economical scale-up technologies were available. By focusing on basic biochemical reactions and by controlling cell-free metabolism, these limitations have been methodically addressed. Amino acid supply has been stabilized and central metabolism activated to dramatically reduce substrate costs. Control of the sulfhydral redox potential has been gained and a robust disulfide isomerase added to facilitate oxidative protein folding. Finally, simple scale-up technologies have been developed. These advances not only suggest production feasibility for pharmaceutical proteins, they also provide enabling technology for producing patient-specific vaccines, for evolving new enzymes to enable biological hydrogen production from sunlight, and for developing new and highly effective water filters. Although many challenges remain, this newly expanded ability to activate and control protein production holds much promise for both research and commercial applications.

View details for DOI 10.1007/s10295-006-0127-y


View details for Web of Science ID 000239443800002


View details for PubMedID 16761165





Total amino acid stabilization during cell-free protein synthesis reactions
JOURNAL OF BIOTECHNOLOGY

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2006; 123 (2): 193-203


Abstract
Limitations in amino acid supply have been recognized as a substantial problem in cell-free protein synthesis reactions. Although enzymatic inhibitors and fed-batch techniques have been beneficial, the most robust way to stabilize amino acids is to remove the responsible enzymatic activities by genetically modifying the source strain used for cell extract preparation. Previous work showed this was possible for arginine, serine, and tryptophan, but cysteine degradation remained a major limitation in obtaining high protein synthesis yields. Through radiolabel techniques, we confirmed that cysteine degradation was caused by the activity of glutamate-cysteine ligase (gene gshA) in the cell extract. Next, we created Escherichia coli strain KC6 that combines a gshA deletion with previously described deletions for arginine, serine, and tryptophan stabilization. Strain KC6 grows well, and active cell extract can be produced from it for cell-free protein synthesis reactions. The extract from strain KC6 maintains stable amino acid concentrations of all 20 amino acids in a 3-h batch reaction. Yields for three different proteins improved 75-250% relative to cell-free expression using the control extract.

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.jbiotec.2005.11.011


View details for Web of Science ID 000237881800008


View details for PubMedID 16442654





Simultaneous expression and maturation of the iron-sulfur protein ferredoxin in a cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Boyer, M. E., Wang, C. W., Swartz, J. R.

2006; 94 (1): 128-138


Abstract
The model iron-sulfur (Fe-S) protein ferredoxin (Fd) from Synechocystis sp. PCC 6803 has been simultaneously produced and matured in a cell-free production system. After 6 h of incubation at 37 degrees C, Fd accumulated to >450 microg/mL. Essentially all was soluble, and 85% was active. Production and maturation of the protein in the cell-free system were found to be dependent in a coupled manner on the concentration of the supplemented iron and sulfur sources, ferrous ammonium sulfate and cysteine, respectively. The recombinant expression of ISC helper proteins during cell extract preparation did not increase cell-free Fd accumulation or activity, although the efficiency of iron and cysteine utilization increased. Fd maturation was independent of protein production rate, and proceeded at a constant rate throughout the period of active translation. In addition, incubation of denatured apo Fd with cell-free reaction components resulted in recovery of Fd activity, supporting the interpretation that maturation mechanisms did not act co-translationally. Incubation at 28 degrees C increased total and active protein accumulation, but decreased the ratio of active to total Fd produced. In summary, the high product yields and folding efficiency make the cell-free system described here an attractive platform for the study of Fe-S protein production and maturation. The system enables both small-volume, high throughput investigations as well as larger scale production. To our knowledge, this is the first demonstration of directed, high-yield production and maturation of an Fe-S protein in a cell-free system.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20830


View details for Web of Science ID 000237216800013


View details for PubMedID 16570319





Quantitative polysome analysis identifies limitations in bacterial cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Underwood, K. A., Swartz, J. R., Puglisi, J. D.

2005; 91 (4): 425-435


Abstract
Cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) is becoming increasingly used for protein production as yields increase and costs decrease. CFPS optimization efforts have focused primarily on energy supply and small molecule metabolism, though little is known about the protein synthesis machinery or what limits protein synthesis rates. Here, quantitative polysome profile analysis was used to characterize cell-free translation, thereby elucidating many kinetic parameters. The ribosome concentration in Escherichia coli-based CFPS reactions was 1.6 +/- 0.1 microM, with 72 +/- 4% actively translating at maximal protein synthesis rate. A translation elongation rate of 1.5 +/- 0.2 amino acids per second per ribosome and an initiation rate of 8.2 x 10(-9) +/- 0.3 x 10(-9) M/s, which correlates to, on average, one initiation every 60 +/- 9 s per mRNA, were determined. The measured CFPS initiation and elongation rates are an order of magnitude lower than the in vivo rates and further analysis identified elongation as the major limitation. Adding purified elongation factors (EFs) to CFPS reactions increased the ribosome elongation rate and protein synthesis rates and yields, as well as the translation initiation rate, indicating a possible coupling between initiation and elongation. Further examination of translation initiation in the cell-free system showed that the first initiation on an mRNA is slower than subsequent initiations. Our results demonstrate that polysome analysis is a valid tool to characterize cell-free translation and to identify limiting steps, that dilution of translation factors is a limitation of CFPS, and that CFPS is a useful platform for making novel observations about translation.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20529


View details for Web of Science ID 000230915400004


View details for PubMedID 15991235





Efficient and scalable method for scaling up cell free protein synthesis in batch mode
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Voloshin, A. M., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 91 (4): 516-521


Abstract
A novel method for general cell free system scale-up in batch mode was applied to expression of E. coli chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) and a GMCSF-scFv fusion protein being developed as a B-cell lymphoma vaccine candidate (GLH). Performance of two different E. coli based cell-free systems was evaluated using the new scale-up approach. Reaction volumes from 15 to 500 microL were tested for both products and both reaction systems. In each case, the new scale-up method preserved total, soluble, and active volumetric yields of GLH and CAT at every reaction volume. At the 500 microL reaction volume, the PANOx SP system produced 560 +/- 36 microg/mL of active CAT and 99 +/- 10 microg/mL of active GLH protein using the new thin film approach whereas 500 microL test tube reactions produced 250 +/- 42 microg/mL and 72 +/- 7 microg/mL of active CAT and GLH respectively. Similarly, 500 microL cell-free synthesis reactions with the Cytomim system produced 481 +/- 38 microg/mL of active CAT and 109 +/- 15 microg/mL active GLH respectively in thin films compared to 29 +/- 7 microg/mL of active CAT and 5 +/- 2 microg/mL of active GLH protein in 500 microL test tube reactions. The new thin film approach improves oxygen supply for the Cytomim system, and increases the availability of hydrophobic surfaces. Analysis suggests that these surfaces provide significant benefit for protein expression and folding. We believe that this approach provides a general reaction scale-up technology that will be suitable for any protein target, cell free system, and reaction volume.

View details for Web of Science ID 000230915400014


View details for PubMedID 15937883





An economical method for cell-free protein synthesis using glucose and nucleoside monophosphates
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 21 (4): 1146-1153


Abstract
Cell-free protein synthesis reactions have not been seriously considered as a viable method for commercial protein production mainly because of high reagent costs and a lack of scalable technologies. Here we address the first issue by presenting a cell-free protein synthesis system with comparable protein yields that removes the most expensive substrates and lowers the cell-free reagent cost by over 75% (excluding extract, polymerase, and plasmid) while maintaining high energy levels. This system uses glucose as the energy source and nucleoside monophosphates (NMPs) in place of nucleoside triphosphates (NTPs) as the nucleotide source. High levels of nucleoside triphosphates are generated from the monophosphates within 20 min, and the subsequent energy charge is similar in reactions beginning with either NTPs or NMPs. Furthermore, significant levels (>0.2 mM) of all NTPs are still available at the end of a 3-h incubation, and the total nucleotide pool is stable throughout the reaction. The glucose/NMP reaction was scaled up to milliliter scale using a thin film approach. Significant yields of active protein were observed for two proteins of vastly different size: chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT, 25 kDa) and beta-galactosidase (472 kDa). The glucose/NMP cell-free reaction system dramatically reduces reagent costs while supplying high protein yields.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp050052y


View details for Web of Science ID 000231126800018


View details for PubMedID 16080695





Energizing cell-free protein synthesis with glucose metabolism
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 90 (5): 606-613


Abstract
In traditional cell-free protein synthesis reactions, the energy source (typically phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) or creatine phosphate) is the most expensive substrate. However, for most biotechnology applications glucose is the preferred commercial substrate. Previous attempts to use glucose in cell-free protein synthesis reactions have been unsuccessful. We have now developed a cell-free protein synthesis reaction where PEP is replaced by either glucose or glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) as the energy source, thus allowing these reactions to compete more effectively with in vivo protein production technologies. We demonstrate high protein yields in a simple batch-format reaction through pH control and alleviation of phosphate limitation. G6P reactions can produce high protein levels ( approximately 700 microg/mL of chloramphenical acetyl transferase (CAT)) when pH is stabilized through replacement of the HEPES buffer with Bis-Tris. Protein synthesis with glucose as an energy source is also possible, and CAT yields of approximately 550 mug/mL are seen when both 10 mM phosphate is added to alleviate phosphate limitations and the Bis-Tris buffer concentration is increased to stabilize pH. By following radioactivity from [U-(14)C]-glucose, we find that glucose is primarily metabolized to the anaerobic products, acetate and lactate. The ability to use glucose as an energy source in cell-free reactions is important not only for inexpensive ATP generation during protein synthesis, but also as an example of how complex biological systems can be understood and exploited through cell-free biology.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20449


View details for Web of Science ID 000229417600009


View details for PubMedID 15830344





Maintaining stable amino acid concentrations during cell-free protein synthesis.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Calhoun, K. A., Michel-Reydellet, N., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U229–U229



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701304





Metabolic modeling of cell-free protein synthesis reactions.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Calhoun, K. A., Varner, J., Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U194–U194



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701095





Economic cell-free protein synthesis system energized with glucose metabolism and NMPS.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U180–U180



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701015





Cell-free synthesis enables patient-specific vaccine production.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Swartz, J. R., Levy, R., Kanter, G., Yang, J. H., Voloshin, A.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U202–U203



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701145





Functional genomic analysis using in vitro protein expression and folding.
229th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society (ACS)

Woodrow, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2005: U190–U191



View details for Web of Science ID 000228177701074





Rapid expression of vaccine proteins for B-cell lymphoma in a cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Michel-Reydellet, N., Velkeen, H., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 89 (5): 503-511


Abstract
The idiotype (Id)-granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) fusion proteins are potential vaccines for immunotherapy of B-cell lymphoma. In this study, four vaccine candidates were constructed by fusing murine GM-CSF to the amino- or carboxy-terminus of the 38C13 murine B-lymphocyte Id scFv with two different arrangements of the variable regions of the heavy chain and light chain (VL-VH and VH-VL). scFv (VH-VL) and GM-CSF/scFv fusion proteins were expressed in an Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis system. In order to promote disulfide bond formation during cell-free expression, cell extract was pretreated with iodoacetamide (IAM), and a sulfhydryl redox buffer composed of oxidized and reduced glutathione was added. The E. coli periplasmic disulfide isomerase, DsbC, was also added to rearrange incorrectly formed disulfide linkages. The 38C13 B-lymphocyte Id scFv was expressed with 30% of its soluble yield in active form (43 microg/ml) when tested with an anti-idiotypic mAb, S1C5, as the capture antibody in radioimmunoassay. It was found that the amino-terminal GM-CSF fusion proteins, GM-VL-VH and GM-VH-VL, showed much higher activity than the carboxy-terminal GM-CSF fusion proteins, VL-VH-GM and VH-VL-GM, in stimulating the cell proliferation of a GM-CSF-dependent cell line, NFS-60. Between the two amino-terminal GM-CSF fusion proteins, GM-VL-VH showed a higher total and soluble yield than GM-VH-VL.

View details for Web of Science ID 000227171700002


View details for PubMedID 15669088





Streamlining Escherichia coli S30 extract preparation for economical cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Liu, D. V., Zawada, J. F., Swartz, J. R.

2005; 21 (2): 460-465


Abstract
Escherichia coli extracts activate cell-free protein synthesis systems by providing the catalysts for translation and other supporting reactions. Recent results suggest that high-density fermentations can be used to provide the source cells, but the subsequent cell extract preparation procedure requires multiple centrifugation and dialysis steps as well as an expensive runoff reaction. In the work reported here, the extract preparation protocol duration was reduced by nearly 50% by significantly shortening several steps. In addition, by optimizing the runoff incubation, overall reagent costs were reduced by 70%. Nonetheless, extracts produced from the shorter, less expensive procedure were equally active. Crucial steps were further examined to indicate minimal ribosome loss during the standard 30,000g centrifugations. Furthermore, sucrose density centrifugation analysis indicated that although an incubation step significantly activates the extract, ribosome/polysome dissociation is not required. These insights suggest that consistent cell extract can be produced more quickly and with considerably less expense for large-scale cell-free protein production, especially when combined with high-density fermentation protocols.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp049789y


View details for Web of Science ID 000228127200021


View details for PubMedID 15801786





Maintaining rapid growth in moderate-density Escherichia coli fermentations
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Zawada, J., Swartz, J.

2005; 89 (4): 407-415


Abstract
A novel feeding strategy that prolongs rapid growth rates for Escherichia coli fermentations to moderately high cell density is presented. High-density fermentations are a common and successful means of producing biological products. However, acetate accumulation can be a substantial problem in these procedures. To avoid this problem, many feeding strategies and host modifications have been developed, but all result in relatively low growth rates. If a faster growth rate could be maintained, the growth phase of the process would be shortened, leading to increased productivity. It is also possible that the subsequent specific production rate could be enhanced by growing the early culture at a faster rate. We have developed a procedure to enable rapid growth to a cell density of 20 g/L and have used cell-free protein synthesis to evaluate the relative potential of the resulting cells for producing recombinant proteins. The method uses glucose pulses and the duration of the dissolved oxygen response to calculate the appropriate glucose feed rate based on the glucose demand of the culture. Amino acids and vitamins were supplied in the medium to increase the growth rate. We were able to sustain a growth rate of 0.8/h up to 20 g/L dry cell weight without significant acetate accumulation. Analysis of amino acid consumption indicates that cell composition is an accurate predictor of amino acid demand for most amino acids. Cell-free protein synthesis was used to compare the protein production potential of the high-density cultures with that of cells grown in complex medium and harvested at low cell density and maximum growth rate. Protein production for the extract from the controlled, high-density fermentations was 950 mg/L compared with 860 mg/L for the low-density control. Therefore, the new control procedure has promising potential for developing rapid and productive industrial fermentations.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20369


View details for Web of Science ID 000226701100005


View details for PubMedID 15635610





Increasing PCR fragment stability and protein yields in a cell-free system with genetically modified Escherichia coli extracts
JOURNAL OF MOLECULAR MICROBIOLOGY AND BIOTECHNOLOGY

Michel-Reydellet, N., Woodrow, K., Swartz, J.

2005; 9 (1): 26-34


Abstract
Escherichia coli cell-free protein synthesis is a highly productive system that can be applied to high throughput expression from polymerase chain reaction (PCR) products in 96-well plates for proteomic studies as well as protein evolution. However, linear DNA instability appears to be a major limitation of the system. We modified the genome of the E. coli strain A19 by removing the endA gene encoding the endonuclease I and replacing the recCBD operon (in which recD encodes the exonuclease V) by the lambda phage recombination system. Using the cell extract from this new strain increased the stability of PCR products amplified from a plasmid containing the cat gene. This resulted in CAT (chloramphenicol acetyltransferase) production from PCR products comparable to that from plasmids (500-600 microg/ml) in a batch reaction. We show that cell-free protein synthesis reactions using PCR products amplified from genomic DNA and extended with the T7 promoter and the T7 terminator give the same high yields of proteins (550 microg/ml) in 96-well plates. With this system, it was possible to rapidly express a range of cytoplasmic and periplasmic proteins.

View details for DOI 10.1159/000088143


View details for Web of Science ID 000232991800003


View details for PubMedID 16254443





A novel method for producing custom-made idiotype vaccines for lymphoma immunotherapy using a cell-free expression system.
46th Annual Meeting of the American-Society-of-Hematology

Kanter, G., Yang, J. H., Voloshin, A., Swartz, J. R., Levy, R.

AMER SOC HEMATOLOGY. 2004: 395A–395A



View details for Web of Science ID 000225127501413





Expression of active murine granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in an Escherichia coli cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Levy, R., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 20 (6): 1689-1696


Abstract
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) is an important cytokine in the mammalian immune system. It has been expressed in Escherichia coli with the same biological activity as the native protein. Here, we report the synthesis of a murine recombinant GM-CSF in an E. coli cell-free protein synthesis system with a high yield. Since there are two disulfide bonds in the native structure of GM-CSF, an oxidizing redox potential of the reaction mixture was required. By pretreating the cell extract with iodoacetamide (IAM), the reducing activity of the cell extract was inactivated, and upon further application of an oxidized glutathione buffer, most of the synthesized GM-CSF was found in its oxidized form. However, the GM-CSF thus formed showed low activity because of poor folding. With the addition of DsbC, the periplasmic disulfide isomerase from E. coli, a high yield of active GM-CSF was produced in the cell-free reaction. Finally, successful folding of the cell-free synthesized GM-CSF-his6 was confirmed by its cell-proliferation activity after purification with a Ni2+ chelating column.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp034350b


View details for Web of Science ID 000225558200010


View details for PubMedID 15575700





Substrate replenishment extends protein synthesis with an in vitro translation system designed to mimic the cytoplasm
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 87 (4): 465-472


Abstract
Cytoplasmic mimicry has recently led to the development of a novel method for cell-free protein synthesis called the "Cytomim" system. In vitro translation with this new system produced more than a 5-fold yield increase of chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) relative to a conventional method using pyruvate as an energy substrate. Factors responsible for activating enhanced protein yields, and causes leading to protein synthesis termination have been assessed in this new system. Enhanced yields were caused by the combination of three changes: growing the extract source cells on 2x YTPG media versus 2x YT, replacing polyethylene glycol with spermidine and putrescine, and reducing the magnesium concentration from conventional levels. Cessation of protein synthesis was primarily caused by depletion of cysteine, serine, CTP, and UTP. Substrate replenishment of consumed amino acids, CTP, and UTP extended the duration of protein synthesis to 24 h in fed-batch operation and produced 1.2 mg/mL of CAT. By also adding more T7 RNA polymerase and plasmid DNA, yields were further improved to 1.4 mg/mL of CAT. These results underscore the critical role that nucleotides play in the combined transcription-translation reaction and highlight the importance of understanding metabolic processes influencing substrate depletion.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20139


View details for Web of Science ID 000223072500004


View details for PubMedID 15286983





Amino acid stabilization for cell-free protein synthesis by modification of the Escherichia coli genome
METABOLIC ENGINEERING

Michel-Reydellet, N., Calhoun, K., Swartz, J.

2004; 6 (3): 197-203


Abstract
Cell-free biology provides a unique opportunity to assess and to manipulate microbial systems by inverse metabolic engineering. We have applied this approach to amino acid metabolism, one of the systems in cell-free biology that limits protein synthesis reactions. Four amino acids (arginine, tryptophan, serine and cysteine) are depleted during a 3-h batch cell-free protein synthesis reaction under various conditions. By modifying the genome of the Escherichia coli strain used to make the cell extract, we see significant stabilization of arginine, tryptophan and serine. Cysteine, however, continues to be degraded. Cell-free protein synthesis with the modified cell extract produces increased yields of the cysteine-free protein Outer Membrane Protein T (OmpT).

View details for DOI 10.1016/j.ymben.2004.01.003


View details for Web of Science ID 000222938200004


View details for PubMedID 15256209





Enhancing multiple disulfide bonded protein folding in a cell-free system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Yin, G., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 86 (2): 188-195


Abstract
A recombinant plasminogen activator (PA) protein with nine disulfide bonds was expressed in our cell-free protein synthesis system. Due to the unstable and reducing environment in the initial E. coli-based cell-free system, disulfide bonds could not be formed efficiently. By treating the cell extract with iodoacetamide and utilizing a mixture of oxidized and reduced glutathione, a stabilized redox potential was optimized. Addition of DsbC, replacing polyethylene glycol with spermidine and putrescine to create a more natural environment, adding Skp, an E. coli periplasmic chaperone, and expressing PA at 30 degrees C increased the solubility of the protein product as well as the yield of active PA. Taken together, the modifications enabled the production of more than 60 microg/mL of bioactive PA in a simple 3-h batch reaction.

View details for Web of Science ID 000220503000008


View details for PubMedID 15052638





Mimicking the Escherichia coli cytoplasmic environment activates long-lived and efficient cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 86 (1): 19-26


Abstract
Cell-free translation systems generally utilize high-energy phosphate compounds to regenerate the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) necessary to drive protein synthesis. This hampers the widespread use and practical implementation of this technology in a batch format due to expensive reagent costs; the accumulation of inhibitory byproducts, such as phosphate; and pH change. To address these problems, a cell-free protein synthesis system has been engineered that is capable of using pyruvate as an energy source to produce high yields of protein. The "Cytomim" system, synthesizes chloramphenicol acetyltransferase (CAT) for up to 6 h in a batch reaction to yield 700 microg/mL of protein. By more closely replicating the physiological conditions of the cytoplasm of Escherichia coli, the Cytomim system provides a stable energy supply for protein expression without phosphate accumulation, pH change, exogenous enzyme addition, or the need for expensive high-energy phosphate compounds.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.20026


View details for Web of Science ID 000220196000003


View details for PubMedID 15007837





Protein expression and engineering for structural studies.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Maynard, J., Garcia, K. C.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U131–U131



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600606





Toward protein glycosylation through post-translational modification from a cell-free protein synthesis system.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Schulte, J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U219–U219



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600751





Cell-free protein synthesis platform: Ideal system for unnatural amino acid incorporation.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Schulte, J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U129–U129



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600593





Rapid expression of vaccine proteins for B cell lymphoma in a cell-free system.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Levy, R., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U137–U137



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600636





Using cell-free biology to study systems biology.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Swartz, J. R., Calhoun, K. A., Jewett, M. C.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U255–U255



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600964





Rapid expression of vaccine proteins for B cell lymphoma in a cell-free system.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Yang, J. H., Kanter, G., Voloshin, A., Levy, R., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U135–U135



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600626





In vitro system for simultaneous expression and maturation of iron-sulfur proteins.
227th National Meeting of the American-Chemical Society

Boyer, M. E., Wang, C. W., Spormann, A. M., Swartz, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2004: U225–U225



View details for Web of Science ID 000223655600785





Cell-free production of active E-coli thioredoxin reductase and glutathione reductase
FEBS LETTERS

Knapp, K. G., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 559 (1-3): 66-70


Abstract
Escherichia coli thioredoxin reductase (TR) and glutathione reductase (GR) are dimeric proteins that require a flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD) cofactor for activity. A cell-free protein synthesis (CFPS) reaction supplemented with FAD was used to produce TR at 760 microg/ml with 89% of the protein being soluble. GR accumulated to 521 microg/ml in a cell-free reaction with 71% solubility. The TR produced was fully active with a specific activity of 1390 min(-1). The GR had a specific activity of 139 U/mg, which is significantly more active than reported for GR purified from cells. The specific activity for both TR and GR decreased without FAD supplementation. This research demonstrates that CFPS can be used to produce enzymes that are multimeric and require a cofactor.

View details for DOI 10.1016/S0014-5793(04)00025-0


View details for Web of Science ID 000188970100012


View details for PubMedID 14960309





Genetic analysis of disulfide isomerization in Escherichia coli: Expression of DsbC is modulated by RNase e-dependent mRNA processing
JOURNAL OF BACTERIOLOGY

Zhan, X. M., Gao, J. J., Jain, C. T., Cieslewicz, M. J., Swartz, J. R., Georgiou, G.

2004; 186 (3): 654-660


Abstract
We designed a selection strategy for the isolation of Escherichia coli mutants exhibiting enhanced protein disulfide isomerase activity. The folding of a variant of tissue plasminogen activator (v-tPA), a protein containing nine disulfide bonds, in the bacterial periplasm is completely dependent on the level of disulfide isomerase activity of the cell. Mutations that increase this activity mediate the formation of catalytically active v-tPA, which in turn cleaves a p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA)-peptide adduct to release free PABA and thus allows the growth of an auxotrophic strain. Following chemical mutagenesis, a total of eight E. coli mutants exhibiting significantly higher disulfide isomerization activity, not only with v-tPA but also with two other unrelated protein substrates, were isolated. This phenotype resulted from significantly increased expression of the bacterial disulfide isomerase DsbC. In seven of the eight mutants, the upregulation of DsbC was found to be related to defects in RNA processing by RNase E, the rne gene product. Specifically, the genetic lesions in five mutants were shown to be allelic to rne, while an additional two mutants exhibited impaired RNase E activity due to lesions in other loci. The importance of mRNA stability on the expression of DsbC is underscored by the short half-life of the dsbC transcript, which was found to be only 0.8 min at 37 degrees C in wild-type cells but was two- to threefold longer in some of the stronger mutants. These results (i) confirm the central role of DsbC in disulfide bond isomerization in the bacterial periplasm and (ii) suggest a critical role for RNase E in regulating DsbC expression.

View details for DOI 10.1128/JB.186.3.654-660.2004


View details for Web of Science ID 000188371600008


View details for PubMedID 14729690





Efficient production of a bioactive, multiple disulfide-bonded protein using modified extracts of Escherichia coli
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 85 (2): 122-129


Abstract
In this report, we demonstrate that a complex mammalian protein containing multiple disulfide bonds is successfully expressed in an E.coli-based cell-free protein synthesis system. Initially, disulfide-reducing activities in the cell extract prevented the formation of disulfide bonds. However, a simple pretreatment of the cell extract with iodoacetamide abolished the reducing activity. This extract was still active for protein synthesis even under oxidizing conditions. The use of a glutathione redox buffer coupled with the DsbC disulfide isomerase and pH optimization produced 40 microg/mL of active urokinase protease in a simple batch reaction. This result not only demonstrates efficient production of complex proteins, it also emphasizes the control and flexibility offered by the cell-free approach.

View details for DOI 10.1002/bit.10865


View details for Web of Science ID 000187634700002


View details for PubMedID 14704994





Rapid expression and purification of 100 nmol quantities of active protein using cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 20 (1): 102-109


Abstract
Two strategies for ATP regeneration during cell-free protein synthesis were applied to the large-scale production and single-column purification of active chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT). Fed-batch reactions were performed on a 5-10 mL scale, approximately 2 orders of magnitude greater than the typical reaction volume. The pyruvate oxidase system produced 104 nmol of active CAT in a 5 mL reaction over the course of 5 h. The PANOx system produced 261 +/- 42 nmol, about 7 mg, of active CAT in a 10 mL reaction over the course of 4 h. The reaction product was purified to apparent homogeneity with approximately 70% yield by a simple affinity chromatography adsorption and elution. To our knowledge, this is the largest amount of actively expressed protein to be reported in a simple, fed-batch cell-free protein synthesis reaction.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp0341693


View details for Web of Science ID 000188861300014


View details for PubMedID 14763830





Cell-free protein synthesis with prokaryotic combined transcription-translation.
Methods in molecular biology (Clifton, N.J.)

Swartz, J. R., Jewett, M. C., Woodrow, K. A.

2004; 267: 169-182


Abstract
Cell-free biology exploits and studies complex biological processes in a controlled environment without intact cells. One model system is prokaryotic cell-free protein synthesis. This technology offers an attractive and convenient approach to produce properly folded recombinant DNA (rDNA) proteins on a laboratory scale, screen PCR fragment libraries in a high-throughput format, express pharmaceutical proteins, incorporate labeled or unnatural amino acids into proteins, and activate microbial physiology to allow for investigation of biological systems. We describe the preparation of materials necessary for the expression, quantification, and purification of rDNA proteins from active Escherichia coli extracts.

View details for PubMedID 15269424





Affinity purification of lipid vesicles
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Peker, B., Wuu, J. J., Swartz, J. R.

2004; 20 (1): 262-268


Abstract
We present a novel column chromatography technique for recovery and purification of lipid vesicles, which can be extended to other macromolecular assemblies. This technique is based on reversible binding of biotinylated lipids to monomeric avidin. Unlike the very strong binding of biotin and biotin-functionalized molecules to streptavidin, the interaction between biotin-functionalized molecules and monomeric avidin can be disrupted effectively by ligand competition from free biotin. In this work, biotin-functionalized lipids (biotin-PEG-PE) were incorporated into synthetic lipid vesicles (DOPC), resulting in unilamellar biotinylated lipid vesicles. The vesicles were bound to immobilized monomeric avidin, washed extensively with buffer, and eluted with a buffer supplemented with free biotin. Increasing the biotinyl lipid molar ratio beyond 0.53% of all lipids did not increase the efficiency of vesicle recovery. A simple adsorption model suggests 1.1 x 10(13) active binding sites/mL of resin with an equilibrium binding constant of K = 1.0 x 10(8) M(-1). We also show that this method is very robust and reproducible and can accommodate vesicles of varying sizes with diverse contents. This method can be scaled up to larger columns and/or high throughput analysis, such as a 96-well plate format.

View details for DOI 10.1021/bp034182n


View details for Web of Science ID 000188861300035


View details for PubMedID 14763851





Streamlining Escherichia coli S30 extract preparation for economical cell-free protein synthesis.
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Liu, D. V., Zawada, J. F., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U230–U230



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800975





Carbon flux analysis of metabolic reactions in cell-free protein synthesis.
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Calhoun, K. A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U214–U214



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800878





Cell-free protein synthesis utilizing unnatural amino acids
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Schulte, J., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U186–U186



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800717





Mimicking the cytoplasmic environment of Escherichia coli with cell-free protein synthesis activates oxidative phosphorylation
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Jewett, M. C., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U185–U185



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800716





Accelerating product and process development by using cell-free protein synthesis.
225th National Meeting of the American-Chemical-Society

Swartz, J. R., Michelle-Reydellet, N., Knapp, K., Yin, G., Yang, J. H.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2003: U190–U190



View details for Web of Science ID 000187917800741





Effects of genotype and growth conditions on cell-free protein synthesis systems.

Zawada, J., Richter, B., Huang, E., Lodes, E., Shah, A., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U213–U213



View details for Web of Science ID 000177422200955





Engineering cell-free protein synthesis for efficient protein folding.

Swartz, J. R., Yin, G., Yang, J. H., Voloshin, A., Jewett, M. C., Woodrow-Mumford, K.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U230–U230



View details for Web of Science ID 000177422201052





Isolation and genetic analysis of mutation that increase disulfide isomerization activity in E. coli

Zhan, X. M., Swartz, J. R., Georgiou, G.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U231–U231



View details for Web of Science ID 000177422201062





Construction of a protein crystallographic calculator.

Shanbhag, P. P., Gonzalez, A.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2002: U220–U220



View details for Web of Science ID 000176296701143





Regeneration of adenosine triphosphate from glycolytic intermediates for cell-free protein synthesis
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2001; 74 (4): 309-316


Abstract
A new approach for adenosine triphosphate (ATP) regeneration in a cell-free protein synthesis system is described. We first show that pyruvate can be used as a secondary energy source to replace or supplement the conventional secondary energy source, phosphoenol pyruvate (PEP). We also report that glucose-6-phosphate, an earlier intermediate of the glycolytic pathway, can be used for ATP regeneration. These new methods provide more stable maintenance of ATP concentration during protein synthesis. Because pyruvate and glucose-6-phosphate are the first and last intermediates of the glycolytic pathway, respectively, the results also suggest the possibility of using any glycolytic intermediate, or even glucose, for ATP regeneration in a cell-free protein synthesis system. As a result, the methods described provide cell-free protein synthesis with greater flexibility and cost efficiency.

View details for Web of Science ID 000169835000005


View details for PubMedID 11410855





A PURE approach to constructive biology
NATURE BIOTECHNOLOGY

Swartz, J.

2001; 19 (8): 732-733



View details for Web of Science ID 000170188600020


View details for PubMedID 11479561





Advances in Escherichia coli production of therapeutic proteins
CURRENT OPINION IN BIOTECHNOLOGY

Swartz, J. R.

2001; 12 (2): 195-201


Abstract
Escherichia coli offers a means for the rapid and economical production of recombinant proteins. These advantages, coupled with a wealth of biochemical and genetic knowledge, have enabled the production of such economically sensitive products as insulin and bovine growth hormone. Although significant progress has been made in transcription, translation and secretion, one of the major challenges is obtaining the product in a soluble and bioactive form. Recent progress in oxidative cytoplasmic folding and cell-free protein synthesis offers attractive alternatives to standard expression methods.

View details for Web of Science ID 000167915900015


View details for PubMedID 11287237





Metabolic oscillations in an E-coli fermentation.

Andersen, D. C., Swartz, J. R., Ryll, T., Lin, N., Snedecor, B.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2001: U116–U117



View details for Web of Science ID 000168824700534





Synthesis of mammalian proteins with an E.coli cell-free system.

Swartz, J. R., Kim, D. M., Michel-Reydellet, N., Zawada, J., Jewett, M., Schulte, J.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2001: U108–U108



View details for Web of Science ID 000168824700486





Effect of sequences of the active-site dipeptides of DsbA and DsbC on in vivo folding of multidisulfide proteins in Escherichia coli
JOURNAL OF BACTERIOLOGY

Bessette, P. H., Qiu, J., Bardwell, J. C., Swartz, J. R., Georgiou, G.

2001; 183 (3): 980-988


Abstract
We have examined the role of the active-site CXXC central dipeptides of DsbA and DsbC in disulfide bond formation and isomerization in the Escherichia coli periplasm. DsbA active-site mutants with a wide range of redox potentials were expressed either from the trc promoter on a multicopy plasmid or from the endogenous dsbA promoter by integration of the respective alleles into the bacterial chromosome. The dsbA alleles gave significant differences in the yield of active murine urokinase, a protein containing 12 disulfides, including some that significantly enhanced urokinase expression over that allowed by wild-type DsbA. No direct correlation between the in vitro redox potential of dsbA variants and the urokinase yield was observed. These results suggest that the active-site CXXC motif of DsbA can play an important role in determining the folding of multidisulfide proteins, in a way that is independent from DsbA's redox potential. However, under aerobic conditions, there was no significant difference among the DsbA mutants with respect to phenotypes depending on the oxidation of proteins with few disulfide bonds. The effect of active-site mutations in the CXXC motif of DsbC on disulfide isomerization in vivo was also examined. A library of DsbC expression plasmids with the active-site dipeptide randomized was screened for mutants that have increased disulfide isomerization activity. A number of DsbC mutants that showed enhanced expression of a variant of human tissue plasminogen activator as well as mouse urokinase were obtained. These DsbC mutants overwhelmingly contained an aromatic residue at the C-terminal position of the dipeptide, whereas the N-terminal residue was more diverse. Collectively, these data indicate that the active sites of the soluble thiol- disulfide oxidoreductases can be modulated to enhance disulfide isomerization and protein folding in the bacterial periplasmic space.

View details for Web of Science ID 000166459500022


View details for PubMedID 11208797





Oxalate improves protein synthesis by enhancing ATP supply in a cell-free system derived from Escherichia coli
BIOTECHNOLOGY LETTERS

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2000; 22 (19): 1537-1542



View details for Web of Science ID 000089687800006





Prolonging cell-free protein synthesis by selective reagent additions
BIOTECHNOLOGY PROGRESS

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

2000; 16 (3): 385-390


Abstract
Factors causing the early cessation of protein synthesis have been studied in a cell-free system from Escherichia coli. We discovered that phosphoenol pyruvate (PEP), the secondary energy source for ATP regeneration, and several amino acids are rapidly degraded during the cell-free protein synthesis reaction. The degradation of such compounds takes place even in the absence of protein synthesis. This degradation severely reduces the capacity for protein synthesis. The lost potency was completely recovered when the reaction mixture was supplied with additional PEP and amino acids. Of the 20 amino acids, only arginine, cysteine, and tryptophan were required to restore system activity. Through repeated additions of PEP, arginine, cysteine,and tryptophan, the duration of protein synthesis was greatly extended. In this fed-batch reaction, after a 2 h incubation, the level of cell-free synthesized chloramphenicol acetyl transferase (CAT) reached 350 microg/mL, which is 3.5 times the yield of the batch reaction. Addition of fresh magnesium further extended the protein synthesis. As a result, through coordinated additions of PEP, arginine, cysteine, tryptophan, and magnesium, the final concentration of cell-free synthesized CAT increased more than 4-fold compared to a batch reaction. SDS-PAGE analysis of such a fed-batch reaction produced an obvious band of CAT upon Coomassie Blue staining.

View details for Web of Science ID 000087483800013


View details for PubMedID 10835240





Bioenergetics in cell-free protein synthesis systems.

Zawada, J. F., Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2000: U173–U173



View details for Web of Science ID 000087246100819





Cell-free protein expression: Designing for efficiency and low cost.

Swartz, J. R., Kim, D. M., Zawada, J., Michel-Reydellet, N.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2000: U166–U166



View details for Web of Science ID 000087246100777





Designing cell-free protein synthesis for efficient protein folding.

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 2000: U190–U190



View details for Web of Science ID 000087246100917





Prolonging cell-free protein synthesis with a novel ATP regeneration system
BIOTECHNOLOGY AND BIOENGINEERING

Kim, D. M., Swartz, J. R.

1999; 66 (3): 180-188


Abstract
A new approach for the regeneration of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) during cell-free protein synthesis was developed to prolong the synthesis and also to avoid the accumulation of inorganic phosphate. This approach was demonstrated in a batch system derived from Escherichia coli. Contrary to the conventional methods in which exogenous energy sources contain high-energy phosphate bonds, the new system was designed to generate continuously the required high-energy phosphate bonds within the reaction mixture, thereby recycling the phosphate released during protein synthesis. If allowed to accumulate, phosphate inhibits protein synthesis, most likely by reducing the concentration of free magnesium ion. Pediococcus sp. pyruvate oxidase, when introduced in the reaction mixture along with thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD), catalyzed the generation of acetyl phosphate from pyruvate and inorganic phosphate. Acetyl kinase, already present with sufficient activity in Escherichia coli S30 extract, then catalyzed the regeneration of ATP. Oxygen is required for the generation of acetyl phosphate and the H(2)O(2) produced as a byproduct is sufficiently degraded by endogenous catalase activity. Through the continuous supply of chemical energy, and also through the prevention of inorganic phosphate accumulation, the duration of protein synthesis is extended up to 2 h. Protein accumulation levels also increase. The synthesis of human lymphotoxin receives greater benefit than than that of chloramphenicol acetyl transferase, because the former is more sensitive to phosphate inhibition. Finally, through repeated addition of pyruvate and amino acids during the reaction period, protein synthesis continued for 6 h in the new system, resulting in a final yield of 0.7 mg/mL.

View details for Web of Science ID 000084141100006


View details for PubMedID 10577472





Cell-free protein synthesis: New analyses; new efficiencies.

Swartz, J. R., Kim, D. M.

AMER CHEMICAL SOC. 1999: U182–U182



View details for Web of Science ID 000079148100479



































James R. Swartz - Patent Inventor























James R. Swartz patentsRecent patents with James R. Swartz listed as an inventor - additional entries may be under other spellings.


















James R. Swartz - Related organizations: Greenlight Biosciences, Inc. patents, The Board Of Trustees Of The Leland Stanford Junior University patents, Genentech, Inc. patents









Cell-free system for converting methane into fuel and chemical compounds
		      06/08/17 - 20170159058 - The present disclosure relates, in some aspects, to cell-free methods and systems for large-scale conversion of methane to isobutanol, comprising combining, in a bioreactor at elevated pressure, methane, oxygen, and cell lysates containing methane monooxygenase, methanol dehydrogenase, and enzymes that catalyze the conversion of formaldehyde to isobutanol, to form a
					Inventors: William Jeremy Blake, James R. Swartz 
		    












Control of metabolic flux in cell-free biosynthetic systems
		      04/28/16 - 20160115558 - Methods are provided for controlling metabolic flux rate in a cell-free system comprising a complex set of enzymes, to produce a desired product of a pathway of interest. In the methods of the invention, measurements of metabolic performance parameters are taken by continuous monitoring or intermittent monitoring. Based on the
					Inventors: James R. Swartz 
		    












Methods for control of flux in metabolic pathways through enzyme relocation
		      07/09/15 - 20150191753 - Genetically manipulated cells, lysates of such cells, systems, and methods of use thereof are provided, where one or more enzymes in a pathway of interest are genetically modified to incorporate a peptide sequence that provides for relocation of the protein, e.g., to the periplasm, so as to sequester the enzyme,
					Inventors: James R. Swartz 
		    












Disulfide stabilized foldon polypeptides
		      05/21/15 - 20150141616 - Intermolecular disulfide stabilized foldon polypeptides are provided.
					Inventors: Yuan Lu, James R. Swartz 
		    












Influenza vaccine constructs
		      05/14/15 - 20150132331 - Vaccine compositions and methods of producing and using the same are provided, which compositions comprise a modified HA stem domain in a trimeric configuration.
					Inventors: Yuan Lu, James R. Swartz 
		    












Methods for control of flux in metabolic pathways through protease manipulation
		      03/05/15 - 20150064751 - The embodiments described herein pertain to cells, and methods for preparing cells, that can be used as biocatalysts by altering enzymes that compete for a substrate or product of a pathway of interest such that the targeted enzyme is sensitive to a site-specific protease, which protease is expressed but relocated
					Inventors: James R. Swartz 
		    












Synthesis of linear and branched polymers of polypeptides through direct conjugation
		      10/23/14 - 20140315276 - Methods are provided for a one step synthesis of polypeptide polymers or co-polymers. The polymers or co-polymers can be linear or branched. In the methods of the invention, the coding sequence for the polypeptide(s) to be polymerized is altered by introducing one or more codons for an nonnatural amino acid,
					Inventors: Cem Albayrak, James R. Swartz, Yuan Lu













Cell-free system for converting methane into fuel and chemical compounds
		      07/10/14 - 20140193869 - The present disclosure relates, in some aspects, to cell-free methods and systems for large-scale conversion of methane to isobutanol, comprising combining, in a bioreactor at elevated pressure, methane, oxygen, and cell lysates containing methane monooxygenase, methanol dehydrogenase, and enzymes that catalyze the conversion of formaldehyde to isobutanol, to form a
					Inventors: William Jeremy Blake, James R. Swartz 
		    












Hydrogenase fusion protein for improved hydrogen production
		      10/17/13 - 20130273628 - Compositions of a fusion protein comprising a spatially tethered ferredoxin-NADP-reductase (FNR) and an active [FeFe] hydrogenase, genetic sequences encoding such fusion proteins, and methods of use thereof are provided. The fusion proteins of the invention link an FNR polypeptide to an active [FeFe] hydrogenase through a polypeptide linker. The fusion
					Inventors: Phillip Richard Smith, James R. Swartz 
		    












Process for producing igf-1 polypeptides
		      09/12/13 - 20130236930 - A process is described for producing a polypeptide heterologous to E. coli wherein E. coli cells comprising nucleic acid encoding the polypeptide are cultured in a culture medium while feeding to the culture medium a transportable organophosphate, such that the nucleic acid is expressed. The polypeptide is then recovered from
					Inventors: Woo-lam Susan Leung, James R. Swartz 
		    












Mutant epidermal growth factor polypeptides with improved biological activity and methods of their making and use
		      02/28/13 - 20130053314 - Compositions that are EGF polypeptides that possess improved biological activity as compared to the biological activity exhibited by wild-type EGF are provided. Also provided are methods for the preparation of these mutants, methods for the use of these mutants, methods for rationally designing new polypeptide mutants, and methods for screening
					Inventors: Jennifer R. Cochran, Bertrand Howyen Lui, Jennifer Lynn Lahti, James R. Swartz, Bob Chen, Cheuk Lun Leung













Efficient cell-free hydrogen production
		      03/29/12 - 20120077242 - Cell-free synthesis of hydrogen from glucose and cellulosic hydrolysates is provided. Bacterial cells are modified to express high levels of (i) active [FeFe] hydrogenase; (ii) ferredoxin; and (iii) ferredoxin-NADP-reductase (FNR). The cells are then lysed and the lysate is combined with substrate during a production phase, where H2 is produced.
					Inventors: James R. Swartz, Phillip Smith













Methods for control of flux in metabolic pathways through protease manipulation
		      03/01/12 - 20120052547 - The embodiments described herein pertain to cells, and methods for preparing cells, that can be used as biocatalysts by altering enzymes that compete for a substrate or product of a pathway of interest such that the targeted enzyme is sensitive to a site-specific protease, which protease is expressed but relocated
					Inventors: James R. Swartz 
		    












Methods for control of flux in metabolic pathways through enzyme relocation
		      11/10/11 - 20110275116 - Genetically manipulated cells, lysates of such cells, systems, and methods of use thereof are provided, where one or more enzymes in a pathway of interest are genetically modified to incorporate a peptide sequence that provides for relocation of the protein, e.g., to the periplasm, so as to sequester the enzyme,
					Inventors: James R. Swartz 
		    












Process for producing polypeptides
		      03/10/11 - 20110059484 - A process is described for producing a polypeptide heterologous to E. coli wherein E. coli cells comprising nucleic acid encoding the polypeptide are cultured in a culture medium while feeding to the culture medium a transportable organophosphate, such that the nucleic acid is expressed. The polypeptide is then recovered from
					Inventors: Woon-lam Susan Leung, James R. Swartz 
		    












Process for bacterial production of polypeptides
		      07/08/10 - 20100173389 - Refractile particles containing a heterologous polypeptide as an insoluble aggregate are recovered from bacterial periplasm. The process involves culturing bacterial cells so as to express nucleic acid encoding phage lysozyme and nucleic acid encoding the heterologous polypeptide under separate promoters, disrupting the cells mechanically to release the phage lysozyme so
					Inventors: Woon-lam Susan Leung, James R. Swartz 
		    












Direct attachment of polypeptides to virus like particles
		      07/01/10 - 20100168402 - Compositions and methods are provided for the control of direct protein attachment to virus like particles where virus structural proteins that have been modified to comprise an unnatural amino acid at a pre-determined site are reacted with one or more “display” polypeptides that also comprise an unnatural amino acid at
					Inventors: Bradley C. Bundy, James R. Swartz 
		    












Encapsidation of heterologous entities into virus-like particles
		      07/01/10 - 20100167981 - Methods are provided for the utilization of bacterial cell-free extracts in the synthesis of high yields of virus like particles with encapsidated cargo.
					Inventors: Bradley C. Bundy, James R. Swartz, Wei Chan




### James R. Swartz patent invention listingsThe bibliographic references displayed about James R. Swartz's patents are for a recent sample of James R. Swartz's publicly published patent applications. The inventor/author may have additional bibliographic citations listed at the USPTO.gov. FreshPatents.com is not associated or affiliated in any way with the author/inventor or the United States Patent/Trademark Office but is providing this non-comprehensive sample listing for educational and research purposes using public bibliographic data published and disseminated from the United States Patent/Trademark Office public datafeed. This information is also available for free on the USPTO.gov website.  If James R. Swartz filed recent patent applications under another name, spelling or location then those applications could be listed on an alternate page. If no bibliographic references are listed here, it is possible there are no recent filings or there is a technical issue with the listing--in that case, we recommend doing a search on the USPTO.gov website. ###Sign up for the FreshPatents.com FREE Keyword Monitor and check for keyword phrases (ie. "RFID" , "wireless", "web development", "fuel cells" etc.)...You will be notified when new patent applications and inventions are published that match your keywords. Also you can save for later research public patent/invention documents using our FREE Organizer. It takes only 30 seconds to sign up or login.Advertise on FreshPatents.com - Rates & Info###Design/code © 2014 FreshContext LLC/Freshpatents.com.Patent data source: patents published by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)Information published here is for research/educational purposes only (and in conjunction with our Keyword Monitor) and is not meant to be used in place of the full USPTO patent document/images or a comprehensive patent archive search. Complete official applications are on file at the USPTO and may contain additional data/images. FreshPatents.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the USPTO or firms/individuals or products/designs/ideas related to listed patents and there may be applicable trademarks or servicemarks within the documents.FreshPatents.com Support - Terms & Conditions









JAMES R SCHWARTZ - MOUNT CRAWFORD, VA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



MOUNT CRAWFORD



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JAMES R SCHWARTZ
                                    



 





















J 


JAMES R SCHWARTZ
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6106 KOINER FORD RD MOUNT CRAWFORD, VA 22841
Get Directions



(540) 234-0306





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


James R Schwartz was founded in 2010. James R Schwartz specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.































Harvard Divinity School receives $10 million gift to endow Christian studies | Harvard Magazine





















Your independent source for Harvard news since 1898



   
 

Log-In | Register 

Search form

Search 





 

Articles






News

more News



 
Professor Charles Lieber in his lab at 12 Oxford StreetPhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Harvard Public Affairs and Communications

 Charles Lieber Named University Professor 
 The pioneering chemist of bio-compatible transistors and other nanoscale wonders receives Harvard's highest faculty honor.   
7.20.17 
 
Cafe Algiers in Harvard SquarePhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Havard Public Affairs and Communcations

 What Might Be Next For Café Algiers?   
 Another independent business has been forced to leave the Square. 
7.13.17 
  
 S. Allen Counter Has Died 
 The director of the Harvard Foundation passed away after a brief illness. 
7.13.17  
 


Research

more Research



 
Professor Charles Lieber in his lab at 12 Oxford StreetPhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Harvard Public Affairs and Communications

 Charles Lieber Named University Professor 
 The pioneering chemist of bio-compatible transistors and other nanoscale wonders receives Harvard's highest faculty honor.   
7.20.17 
 
Andrew Womack excavating within kiln at Qijiaping in excavation unit T1 on May 15, 2017.Photograph by Rowan Flad

 Digging Deep into Chinese History 
 Field notes from a summer archaeological expedition 
7.11.17 
 
Photograph by Zmeel Photography /iStock

 Wikipedia Against Censorship 
 Berkman Klein researchers find censorship of Wikipedia is declining. 
6.29.17  
 


Students

more Students



  
 S. Allen Counter Has Died 
 The director of the Harvard Foundation passed away after a brief illness. 
7.13.17 
  
 Harvard Committee Recommends Banning Clubs 
 Membership in any and all unrecognized student social organizations would be prohibited. 
7.12.17 
 
Andrew Womack excavating within kiln at Qijiaping in excavation unit T1 on May 15, 2017.Photograph by Rowan Flad

 Digging Deep into Chinese History 
 Field notes from a summer archaeological expedition 
7.11.17  
 


Alumni

more Alumni



 
From left: Sam (Annie Parisse), Nick (Nat Faxon), Ethan (Keegan-Michael Key), Lisa (Cobie Smulders), Marianne (Jae Suh Park), Max (Fred Savage), and Felix (Billy Eichner)Photograph by David Lee/Netflix

 With Friends Like These 
 The real tragedy underlying Friends from College stems from the indignities of the post-recession economy. 
7.17.17 
 
Tracy K. SmithPhotograph © Rachel Eliza Griffiths

 Tracy K. Smith ’94 Named U.S. Poet Laureate 
 The announcement comes at a busy time for the writer, who is at work on two operas and will soon publish her fifth verse collection, Wade in the Water. 
6.14.17 
 
Fred Glimp in Massachusetts Hall, 1996Photograph by Jim Harrison

 Fred Glimp, a Harvard Legend, Dies at 91 
 The long-serving dean and vice president was a proud member of the College’s “Great Middle Class.” 
6.8.17  
 


Harvard Squared

more Harvard Squared



 
A summer exhibit at the deCordova Sculpture Park and Museum (above) highlights abstract art…Photograph courtesy of the deCordova Sculpture Park and Museum

 A Rural Retreat 
 Lincoln offers rich history, nature trails, local food, and art. 
July-August 2017 
 
End of the Line, Cleveland Circle (2012), by Kate SullivanCourtesy of the Boston Athenaeum

 Capturing New England 
 A Boston Athenaeum print exhibit reveals “a distinctive sense of place.” 
July-August 2017 
 
Lone paddlers take in the sunsetPhotograph courtesy of UMass Lowell Kayak Center

 Reflections on a River 
 Paddling the Merrimack in Lowell and Lawrence 
July-August 2017  
 


Opinion

more Opinion



 
 Cambridge 02138 
 Readers comment on linguistics and sign language, academic class gaps, “Fair Harvard,” final clubs, and more. 
July-August 2017 
 
President Drew Faust

 The March for Science 
 President Drew Faust on scientific research and federal funding 
July-August 2017 
  
 Trump to Research: Drop Dead 
 The administration’s potentially costly misunderstanding about science 
July-August 2017  
 


Arts

more Arts



 
The entrance to the Naples Conservatory retains its former title, “Royal Conservatory.”  Photograph by Thomas Forrest Kelly

 Music, Italian Style 
 A day at the Conservatory of Naples 
7.19.17 
 
From left: Sam (Annie Parisse), Nick (Nat Faxon), Ethan (Keegan-Michael Key), Lisa (Cobie Smulders), Marianne (Jae Suh Park), Max (Fred Savage), and Felix (Billy Eichner)Photograph by David Lee/Netflix

 With Friends Like These 
 The real tragedy underlying Friends from College stems from the indignities of the post-recession economy. 
7.17.17 
 
The renovated Wimbledon HousePhotograph by Iwan Baan

 A London Fellowship for Urban Design 
 The Graduate of School of Design opens its renovated Wimbledon House. 
6.30.17  
 


Sports

more Sports



 
Post-Title IX, more women have entered competitive sports like basketball.Courtesy of Schlesinger Library

 Title IX at 45 
 How Title IX expanded women’s opportunities in sports 
6.20.17 
 
Lone paddlers take in the sunsetPhotograph courtesy of UMass Lowell Kayak Center

 Reflections on a River 
 Paddling the Merrimack in Lowell and Lawrence 
July-August 2017 
 
Jade MillerPhotograph courtesy of Harvard Athletic Communicaitons

 Spring Sports 
 Track and field, golf, crew, tennis 
July-August 2017  
 


Harvardiana

more Harvardiana



 
Illustration by Mark Steele

 Yesterday's News 
 The 1932 solar eclipse, the Naval Training School, and more from the Harvard Alumni Bulletin and Harvard Magazine 
July-August 2017 
 
Stephen Peabody, 1809, by John JohnstonPhotograph by American Antiquarian Society

 1760s Extracurriculars 
 The diary of a “unexceptional collegian”—attending class, or not 
July-August 2017 
 
The Radcliffe Institute’s garden oasisPhotograph by Thomas Earle/Harvard Public Affairs and Communications

 “Puritans” Passé? 
 “Fair Harvard,” liberal arts Soviet-style, campus oases, and more 
July-August 2017  
 


Puzzles




 A Harvard Magazine Tradition Ends 
1.12.17 
 Cryptic Puzzle: “Regatta” 
8.17.16 
 Cryptic Puzzle: “Soccer Club” 
6.14.16 
 Cryptic Puzzle: “Gift” 
4.18.16 
 Cryptic Puzzle: “Diversifying” 
2.17.16 
 Cryptic Puzzle: “Coach” 
12.14.15  
 
Harvard Puzzles by John de Cuevas
more Puzzles








Current Issue






   
 Read the current issue
July-August 2017




 
Blanche AmesPhotograph courtesy of the Schlesinger Library, Radcliffe Institute, Harvard University

 Blanche Ames 
 Brief life of an intrepid botanical illustrator: 1878-1969  
 




Archives






From the archives 



April 2007: Drew Gilpin Faust at her then-office as dean of the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced StudyPhotograph by Jim Harrison
A Scholar in the House
Tradition and the twenty-first century were tangled together in Barker Center’s Thompson Room on the afternoon of February 11, when Drew...
July-August 2007  
 



  
 May-June 2017 
  
 March-April 2017 
  
 January-February 2017  



    more Back Issues 
 
 



Class Notes



To access Class Notes or Obituaries, please log in using your Harvard Magazine account and verify your alumni status.
Don't have a Harvard Magazine account? Register Here
Or submit a class note or obituary




Classifieds






Vacation Rentals & Travel



Real Estate



Personals



Products & Services




Place an Ad

Special Sections




FAQ
Tips & Advice
Pricing & Sizes




Donate




Show your Support for Harvard Magazine
Your donation today ensures that Harvard Magazine can continue to provide high-quality content and remain an editorially independent source of news about the Harvard community.

Why Support Harvard Magazine? | Financial Update | Donor Services

Donate











toggle menu




Latest News
Current Issue
Back Issues
Harvard Squared
Class Notes
Classifieds
Donate


Search form

Search 





 Your independent source for Harvard news since 1898















 









  News
Harvard Divinity School Receives Christian Studies Endowment
2.6.13





Susan Shallcross Swartz
Photograph by Clay Blackmore










 


Harvard Divinity School (HDS) today announced that artist
and activist Susan Shallcross Swartz and her husband, James R. Swartz  ’64, have donated $10 million to establish
the Susan Shallcross Swartz Endowment for Christian Studies, in support of new
professorships, fellowships, and educational programs. The gift is reportedly
among the largest in the school’s history.







Susan Swartz became HDS’s first artist in residence in 2005;
she subsequently served on the dean’s council, and the gift is intended in part
to honor the legacy of William A. Graham, who stepped down as dean last June. Read Graham's review of an exhibition of her work here.
In the announcement, Susan Swartz said:
From
the beginning of my association with HDS, I was impressed with the leadership
of Bill Graham and with the dean’s council’s commitment to keeping the oldest divinity
school in the country a vibrant place of scholarship and reflection. This gift
will allow Dean [David N.] Hempton to take the School into the future, and to
improve the currency of the leadership that HDS exercises. My hope is that the
endowment will inspire scholarship and reinvigorate debate, service, and
teaching for generations to come.
Hempton
said, “Susan and Jim’s extraordinary gift will advance teaching and research in
Christianity, one of our core strengths, well into the future.”
President
Drew Faust said, “The Divinity School plays a key role in the work and mission
of the wider University, and Susan and Jim’s gift…helps solidify the study of
religion’s place at Harvard. We are most grateful.”
Susan
Swartz is
on the boards of the Utah Film Center and the Fine Arts Museums of San
Francisco, and on the National Advisory Board of the National Museum of Women
in the Arts. She co-founded the Christian Center of Park City and is a founding
member of Impact Partners, a documentary-film organization. Her artistic
work and social engagements are described on her website.
She
and her husband live in Park City, Utah, where she has a studio; she also has
a studio on Martha’s Vineyard.
Jim Swartz
is a venture capitalist and founding partner of Accel Partners.
(Newly
elected Corporation member James W. Breyer is a partner of the same firm.) His
Accel biography, which details some of his more than 50 corporate directorships
and lead technology investments, also describes interests ranging from chairing
the Swartz Foundation and the Park City Christian Center to serving as director emeritus of the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Foundation and trustee of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (on which board Breyer also
serves). He is a member of the board of advisers of Tepper School of Business at Carnegie
Mellon University, where he earned an M.S. in industrial administration and has
created an entrepreneurial fellowship program. At Harvard, he concentrated
in engineering sciences and applied physics; according to his biography, “he
mostly remembers something about playing football”—but he has since graduated
to Grand Prix sailboat racing.
 


For additional information, read the Divinity School announcement as well as coverage in the Harvard Gazette.



 
 





View the discussion thread. 









On Readers’ Radar 

  
 Who Built the Pyramids? 

 Can Happiness Make You Healthier? 

 Why “Big Data” Is a Big Deal  

 “Class Cluelessness” 

 Music, Italian Style 
 
 












You Might Also Like: 



Professor Charles Lieber in his lab at 12 Oxford StreetPhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Harvard Public Affairs and Communications
Lieber named University Professor 

Cafe Algiers in Harvard SquarePhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Havard Public Affairs and Communcations
What Might Be Next For Café Algiers?   

S. Allen Counter Has Died  

 
 





You Might Also Like: 



Professor Charles Lieber in his lab at 12 Oxford StreetPhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Harvard Public Affairs and Communications
Lieber named University Professor 

Cafe Algiers in Harvard SquarePhotograph by Rose Lincoln/Havard Public Affairs and Communcations
What Might Be Next For Café Algiers?   

S. Allen Counter Has Died  
 








 
































	LOTTO SORCERER Trademark of SCHWARTZ, JAMES R.. Serial Number: 85676159 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
LOTTO SORCERER










 
Get FREE email alerts













LOTTO SORCERER  Trademark Information
 SCHWARTZ, JAMES R.
Computer software for use in predicting possible lottery outcomes




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
software   use   predicting   possible   lottery   outcomes    
                                    




This is a brand page for the LOTTO SORCERER trademark by SCHWARTZ, JAMES R. 
                                in MICHIGAN CITY, IN, 46360.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this LOTTO SORCERER trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner SCHWARTZ, JAMES R. of the LOTTO SORCERER trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the LOTTO SORCERER trademark.
                           






On Friday, July 13, 2012,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        LOTTO SORCERER by 
                        SCHWARTZ, JAMES R., MICHIGAN CITY, IN  46360.
                        The USPTO has given the LOTTO SORCERER 
                        trademark serial  number of  85676159.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for LOTTO SORCERER is 
                        
                        
                                            SCHWARTZ, JAMES R. of 
                                            710 TREMONT ST,  MICHIGAN CITY, IN 46360-4756,  
                                .
                            The LOTTO SORCERER trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for LOTTO SORCERER 
                            is Computer software for use in predicting possible lottery outcomes. 
                            





Word mark:
 LOTTO SORCERER


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

6/11/2013






  Serial Number:  
85676159


  Filing Date:  
7/13/2012


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Computer software for use in predicting possible lottery outcomes


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a crystal ball, of translucent lapis lazuli, with lottery balls (balls with numbers, in Roman font) enclosed therein; sitting on a base of three unicorns, and the text "Lotto Sorcerer" below the image.


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

SCHWARTZ, JAMES R.MICHIGAN CITY, IN  46360
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                     Unicorns  (Supernatural beings, Mythological or Legendary beings, Fantastical beings or unidentifiable beings  -   Mythological or legendary animals) see more design...


                                                    Balls including playground balls, beach balls, billiard balls, tennis balls, bingo balls and lottery balls (Games, toys and sporting articles   -  Sporting articles, merry  -  go  -  rounds) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


SCHWARTZ, JAMES R.
710 TREMONT ST
MICHIGAN CITY, IN 46360-4756







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
10/14/1989


First Use In Commerce: 
10/14/1989





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your LOTTO SORCERER trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/11/2013
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCHWARTZ, JAMES R.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of LOTTO SORCERER trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search lottosorcerer on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for LOTTO SORCERER 




LOTTO SORCERER is providing Computer software for use in predicting possible lottery outcomes.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 
























Wiley: Cell-free Protein Synthesis: Methods and Protocols - Alexander S. Spirin, James R. Swartz

   












































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input















Print this page


Share







Home

     /  

    Chemistry

     /  

    Biochemistry

     /  

    Protein Science



















Cell-free Protein Synthesis: Methods and Protocols

Alexander S. Spirin (Editor), James R. Swartz (Editor) 
ISBN: 978-3-527-31649-6
262 pages
December 2007



















Description
With its detailed description of membrane protein expression, high-throughput and genomic-scale expression studies, both on the analytical and the preparative scale, this book covers the latest advances in the field. The step-by-step protocols and practical examples given for each method constitute practical advice for beginners and experts alike.


See More
See Less



Table of Contents
Large scale batch reactions for cell-free protein synthesis (J. R. Swartz, A. Spirin)
The constructive approach for cell-free translation (T. Ueda)
Functional genomic analysis using sequential cell-free protein synthesis (J. R. Swartz)
Cell-free technology for rapid production of patient-specific fusion protein vaccines (A. R. Goerke, J. Yang, G. Kanter, R. Levy and J. R. Swartz)
Bacterial cell-free system for highly efficient protein synthesis (T. Kigawa, T. Matsuda, T. Yabuki, S. Yokoyama)
The use of the Escherichia-coli cell-free protein synthesis for structural biology and structural proteomics (T. Kigawa, M. Inoue, M. Aoki, T. Matsuda, T. Yabuki, E. Seki, T. Harada, S. Watanabe, S. Yokoyama)
The wheat germ cell-free protein synthesis system (T. Sawasaki, Y. Endo)
Cell-free expression of integral membrane proteins for structural studies (C. Klammt, D. Schwarz, I. Lehner, S. Sobhanifar, F. L�hr, J. Zeelen, C. Glaubitz, V. D�tsch, F. Bernhard)
Cell-free production of membrane protein in presence of detergents (J. Betton, M. Miot)
Novel techniques using PCR and cell-free protein synthesis systems for combinatorial bioengineering (H. Nakano, T. Yamane)
Gene Cloning and Expression in Molecular Colonies (A. B. Chetverin, T. R. Samatov, H. V. Chetverina)


See More
See Less



Author Information
Alexander Spirin is a Professor at the Moscow State University, and the director of the Protein Research Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Pushchino, Russia. He is one of the pioneers in the biochemical analysis of protein synthesis and has worked in the field for more than 40 years, performing the first-ever in vitro synthesis of proteins by using ribosome components. Professor Spirin has received many honors for his scientific achievements, including the Hans Adolf Krebs Medal, and is the author of several books on ribosomes and protein synthesis.

James Swartz is Professor of Chemical Engineering at Stanford University, California, USA. A graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, he has pioneered protein synthesis on an industrial scale while working for the companies Eli Lilly and Genentech. He is a leading expert on the biotechnological synthesis of mammalian proteins using bacterial whole cells and cell extracts.


See More
See Less



Reviews
"This comprehensive review of the methods and protocols involved in CFPS will be a useful addition to any molecular biologists library…. Something to offer beginners and experts alike." (Journal of Biological Education, April 2009)


See More
See Less




Buy Both and Save 25%!


+



Cell-free Protein Synthesis: Methods and Protocols (US $150.00)
-and-
Production of Membrane Proteins: Strategies for Expression and Isolation (US $134.00)
Total List Price: US $284.00
Discounted Price: US $213.00 (Save: US $71.00)

Buy Both







            Cannot be combined with any other offers.
            Learn more.






Related Titles





Protein Degradation Series, 4 Volume Set
by R. John Mayer (Editor), Aaron J. Ciechanover (Editor), Martin Rechsteiner (Editor)





The Protein Chart
by Richard Charles Garratt, Christine A. Orengo





Production of Membrane Proteins: Strategies for Expression and Isolation
by Anne Skaja Robinson (Editor)





Protein-Protein Interactions in Drug Discovery, Volume 56
by Alexander Domling (Editor), Raimund Mannhold (Series Editor), Hugo Kubinyi (Series Editor), Gerd Folkers (Series Editor)





Protein Engineering Handbook, Volume 3
by Stefan Lutz (Editor), Uwe Theo Bornscheuer (Editor)





Amyloid Fibrils and Prefibrillar Aggregates: Molecular and Biological Properties
by Daniel Erik Otzen (Editor)





Protein Degradation: Ubiquitin and the Chemistry of Life, Volume 1
by R. John Mayer (Editor), Aaron J. Ciechanover (Editor), Martin Rechsteiner (Editor)











Purchase Options






Hardcover



                    
                    $150.00
BUY













E-book




 
                        Information about e-books:

E-books are offered as e-Pubs or PDFs. To download and read them, users must install Adobe Digital Editions (ADE) on their PC.
E-books have DRM protection on them, which means only the person who purchases and downloads the e-book can access it.
E-books are non-returnable and non-refundable.
To learn more about our e-books, please refer to our FAQ.







                    
                    $120.99
BUY







Buy e-book from:







                    Barnes & Noble








                    Google Play






Prices are valid for United States.
        Change location to view local pricing and availability.




        
            Digital version available through Wiley Online Library
        
        

Learn More










Permissions

Request permission to reuse content from this title


X

To apply for permission please send your request to permissions@wiley.com with 
specific details of your requirements. This should include, the Wiley title(s), and the specific portion of the content you wish to re-use 
(e.g figure, table, text extract, chapter, page numbers etc), the way in which you wish to re-use it, the circulation/print run/number of people 
who will have access to the content and whether this is for commercial or academic purposes. If this is a republication request please include details 
of the new work in which the Wiley content will appear.










Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.













Our Solutions, Your Way









About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		







Back to Top















Wiley: Chemistry

   






































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input

























Home








Subjects


Allied Health Chemistry
Analytical Chemistry
Batteries & Fuel Cells
Biochemistry
Catalysis
Chemical & Environmental Health and Safety
Chemical & Biochemical Engineering
Computational Chemistry & Molecular Modeling  
Electrochemistry  
Environmental Chemistry   
Food Science & Technology
General Chemistry  
History of Chemistry
Industrial Chemistry   
Inorganic Chemistry
Mathematics & Statistics for Chemistry
Organic Chemistry   
Pharmaceutical & Medicinal Chemistry  
Physical Chemistry   
Polymer Science & Technology   
Preparatory / Introductory Chemistry
Special Topics  
Sustainable Chemistry / Green Chemistry



View only Textbooks and Course offerings
in Chemistry





The Nature of the Mechanical Bond
  




Co-authored by 2016 Chemistry Nobel Laureate.
Order Today
 





Encyclopedia of Physical Organic Chemistry,
6 Volume Set






From classic chemistry to modern,  dynamic fields 

Introductory price available
 




Explore Wiley's Spectral Databases

Find Out More
 




Waters Primers Series
 




New Primer on Convergence Chromatography. 
Find Out More
 




EROS Best Reagent Award 2015












Awarded to Phil S. Baran. Zinc trifluoromethane-sulfinate.
Find Out More
 




For Limited Time Only


Selected print references are available at introductory prices.  Find Out More
 







Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.











Chemistry










Authors
Got something to say? Get published with Wiley
    
Read more






Press
On a deadline?Stop the press
	
Visit our Press Room








Instructors
Find Your Local Wileyrepresentative
	    
Search locations













Forthcoming Titles
in Chemistry



Digital Forensics
Paperback
by Andre Arnes (Editor)




Handbook of Milk of Non-Bovine Mammals, 2nd Edition
Hardcover
by Young W. Park (Editor), George F. W. Haenlein (Editor), William L. Wendorff (Editor)




Sustainable and Green Electrochemical Science and Technology
Hardcover
by Prof Keith Scott




Bio-pigmentation and Biotechnological Implementations
Hardcover
by Om V. Singh (Editor)




Innovative Technologies in Beverage Processing
Hardcover
by Ingrid Aguilo-Aguayo (Editor), Lucia Plaza (Editor)








Bestselling Titles



Chemistry For Dummies, 2nd Edition
Paperback
by John T. Moore




Organic Chemistry I For Dummies, 2nd Edition
Paperback
by Arthur Winter




Chemistry: Concepts and Problems: A Self-Teaching Guide, 2nd Edition
Paperback
by Clifford C. Houk, Richard Post




Textbook
Organic Chemistry As a Second Language: First Semester Topics, 4th Edition
by David R. Klein




Textbook
Organic Chemistry As a Second Language: Second Semester Topics, 4th Edition
by David R. Klein








Journal Spotlight




Journal
Angewandte Chemie International Edition
2017, Journal




Journal
Journal of Heterocyclic Chemistry
2017, Journal




Journal
Journal of Computational Chemistry
2017, Journal



View All Journals
in Chemistry






Society Partners



	    Wiley is the place to publish for Societies.
Learn More




Introductory price available
 




New 5-volume work on separation science. 
 Find Out More
 








Related Series
in Chemistry




The Chemistry of Functional Groups Series
PROGRESS in Inorganic Chemistry
Metal Ions in Life Sciences
Chemical Analysis: A Series of Monographs on Analytical Chemistry and Its Applications
Wiley Series on Protein and Peptide Science
Institute of Food Technologists
Food Industry Briefing Series
Practical Food Microbiology Series
Society of Dairy Technology Series
Leatherhead Ingredients Handbooks
Functional Foods Science & Technology Series




IFST Advances in Food Science
Advanced Biotechnology Series
INORGANIC CHEMISTRY: A Wiley Textbook Series
Pharmaceutical Development Series
Wiley Series in Drug Discovery and Development
Technologies for the Pharmaceutical Industry
Wiley's Methods and Principles in Medicinal Chemistry Series
Advances in Pharmaceutical Technology
The Wiley Series on Polymer Engineering and Technology
Wiley Series on Surface and Interfacial Chemistry
Wiley Series of Reactive Intermediates in Chemistry and Biology




Wiley Series on Electrocatalysis and Electrochemistry
Wiley-Interscience Series on Mass Spectrometry
Wiley Series Sponsored by IUPAC in Biophysico-Chemical Processes in Environmental Systems
Wastewater Microbiology Series
Wiley Series in Corrosion
Macromolecules Containing Metal and Metal-Like Elements Series
The Wiley Series on Biotechnology and Bioengineering
Wiley-Scrivener Imprint
Chemistry at a Glance Series















About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		



















Wiley: Biochemistry

   






































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input

























Home

     /  

    Chemistry








Subjects


Biomolecules
Enzymes & Receptors
Immunochemistry
General Biochemistry
Neurochemistry
Protein Science



View only Textbooks and Course offerings
in Biochemistry







Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.











Biochemistry



















New Titles



Molekularbiologie der Zelle, 6. Auflage
Hardcover
by Bruce Alberts, Alexander Johnson, Julian Lewis, David Morgan, Martin Raff, Keith Roberts, Peter Walter, Ulrich Sch�fer (Translator)




Chemoselective and Bioorthogonal Ligation Reactions: Concepts and Applications
Hardcover
by W. Russ Algar (Editor), Philip Dawson (Editor), Igor L. Medintz (Editor)




Enzyme Regulation in Metabolic Pathways
Hardcover
by Lloyd Wolfinbarger, Jr.




Theory and Applications of the Empirical Valence Bond Approach: From Physical Chemistry to Chemical Biology
Hardcover
by Fernanda Duarte (Editor), Shina Caroline Lynn Kamerlin (Editor), Arieh Warshel (Foreword by)




Transporters as Drug Targets, Volume 70
Hardcover
by Gerhard F. Ecker (Editor), Rasmus P. Clausen (Editor), Harald H. Sitte (Editor), Raimund Mannhold (Series Editor), Gerd Folkers (Series Editor), Helmut Buschmann (Series Editor)








Forthcoming Titles
in Biochemistry



Enzyme Kinetics: Principles and Methods, 3rd Edition
Hardcover
by Hans Bisswanger




Fundamentals of Intracellular Calcium
Paperback
by Anthony K. Campbell




Metalloprotein Active Site Assembly
Hardcover
by Michael K. Johnson, Robert A. Scott




Molecular and Biochemical Toxicology, 5th Edition
Hardcover
by Robert C. Smart, Ernest Hodgson




Inflammation: From Molecular and Cellular Mechanisms to the Clinic, 4 Volume Set
Hardcover
by Jean-Marc Cavaillon (Editor), Mervyn Singer (Editor)








Journal Spotlight




Journal
Proteins: Structure, Function, and Bioinformatics
2017, Journal



View All Journals
in Biochemistry






Society Partners



	    Wiley is the place to publish for Societies.
Learn More








Related Series
in Biochemistry




Wiley Series on Protein and Peptide Science























About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		



















Wiley: Protein Science

   








































					
					    
					        United States
					                
					        
					            Change

My Account
Cart




Home
Subjects
About Wiley
Contact Us
Help



Search Form
Search Input

















Home

     /  

    Chemistry

     /  

    Biochemistry









Join an Email List... 







Email




Country






-- select your country of residence --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
People's Republic of China
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Group of Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Kosovo
Republic Of Macedonia
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan (Republic of China)
Tajikistan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United Republic Of Tanzania
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands U.S.
Virgin Islands (British)
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Job Role:

Please select...
Teacher K-12/Primary/Secondary
Professor
Adjunct
Educational Administrator
Department Chair
Librarian
Student
Researcher
Professional













 











Thank You for Joining a Wiley EMail List 







An email confirmation has been sent to you.





















Join An E-mail List





Learn about the latest products, events, offers and content.








Join











You are now subscribed to our email alert for Accounting Technology.












Journal Spotlight




Journal
Biometrics
2017, Journal




Journal
Teaching Statistics
2017, Journal




Journal
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series A (Statistics in Society)
2017, Journal



View All Journals
in Protein Science






Society Partners



	    Wiley is the place to publish for Societies.
Learn More









Sort by: 

Featured Titles
A-Z by Title
A-Z by Author
Publication Date


All Titles in Protein Science (43)



Analysis of Protein Post-Translational Modifications by Mass Spectrometry
by John R. Griffiths, Richard D. Unwin
November 2016, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $130.00 Buy




Journal
Medicinal Research Reviews
2017, Journal




Journal
Archives of Insect Biochemistry and Physiology
2017, Journal




Journal
Protein Science
2017, Journal




Journal
Journal of Molecular Recognition
2017, Journal




Journal
Journal of Peptide Science
2017, Journal




Journal
Proteins: Structure, Function, and Bioinformatics
2017, Journal




A Guide to Zona Pellucida Domain Proteins
by Eveline S. Litscher, Paul M. Wassarman
June 2015, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $169.95 Buy




Protein Families: Relating Protein Sequence, Structure, and Function
by Christine A. Orengo (Editor), Alex Bateman (Editor), Vladimir Uversky (Series Editor)
February 2014, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $144.95 Buy




Proteins in Solution and at Interfaces: Methods and Applications in Biotechnology and Materials Science
by Juan M. Ruso (Editor), Angel Pineiro (Editor)
March 2013, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $212.00 Buy




Fusion Protein Technologies for Biopharmaceuticals: Applications and Challenges
by Stefan R. Schmidt (Editor)
March 2013, Hardcover (E-book also available)




Protein Oxidation and Aging
by Tilman Grune, Betul Catalgol, Tobias Jung, Vladimir Uversky
January 2013, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $164.95 Buy




Oxidation of Amino Acids, Peptides, and Proteins: Kinetics and Mechanism
by Virender K. Sharma, Steven E. Rokita
December 2012, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $150.00 Buy




Protein and Peptide Folding, Misfolding, and Non-Folding
by Reinhard Schweitzer-Stenner (Editor), Vladimir Uversky (Series Editor)
March 2012, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $164.95 Buy




Advances in Enzymology and Related Areas of Molecular Biology, Volume 78
by Eric J. Toone (Editor)
November 2011, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $145.00 Buy




Protein Purification: Principles, High Resolution Methods, and Applications, 3rd Edition
by Jan-Christer Janson (Editor)
March 2011, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $153.00 Buy




Aggregation of Therapeutic Proteins
by Wei Wang (Editor), Christopher J. Roberts (Editor)
August 2010, Hardcover (E-book also available)




Protein Misfolding Diseases: Current and Emerging Principles and Therapies
by Marina Ramirez-Alvarado (Editor), Jeffery W. Kelly (Editor), Christopher M. Dobson (Editor)
June 2010, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $235.00 Buy




Protein Aggregation in Bacteria: Functional and Structural Properties of Inclusion Bodies in Bacterial Cells
by Silvia Maria Doglia (Editor), Marina Lotti (Editor)
April 2014, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $133.95 Buy




Amyloid Fibrils and Prefibrillar Aggregates: Molecular and Biological Properties
by Daniel Erik Otzen (Editor)
March 2013, Hardcover (E-book also available)
US $196.00 Buy





Listings:1-2021-4041-43









About Wiley

About Us
Subjects
Careers
Events
Locations
Brands
Investor Relations
Newsroom



Resources

Authors
Instructors
Students
Librarians
Societies
Booksellers





Customer Support

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Site Map
Contact Us
Help



Copyright © 2000-2017
	           by
	           John Wiley & Sons, Inc., or related companies.
	           All rights reserved.
		


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v




























james swartz - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











John Smith: Found - Current Phone, Address and Age



Ad
 ·
www.whitepages.com/​Find-People



Search By Name & Location. Find James Swartz, Anywhere.





Name Popularity & Facts



Reverse Phone Lookup




Instantly Update Your Address Book



Reverse Address Lookup





James Swartz at Amazon - Low Prices on James Swartz.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​James Swartz



Low Prices on James Swartz. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





James Swartz - Results on Looksmart.com | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​James Swartz



Now James Swartz Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results
















Aaron Swartz




Aaron Hillel Swartz (November 8, 1986January 11, 2013) was an American computer programmer, entrepreneur, writer, political organizer, and Internet hacktivist. He was involved in the development

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

The Prosecution of Aaron Swartz: A Reply to Orin Kerr ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/james-boyle/prosecution-aaron-swartz_b...


Aaron Swartz committed suicide last week. ... Follow James Boyle on Twitter: ... The Prosecution of Aaron Swartz: A Reply to Orin Kerr. 180.


Growing Up Gay and Amish | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/10/05/growing-up-gay-and-amish_n...


James Schwartz was raised in an Amish community in Michigan. In a segment on HuffPost Live, he shared his struggle to fit into this group when he realize...


Jim Schwartz - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Jim_Schwartz


James J. Schwartz (born June 2, 1966) is an American football coach who is the defensive coordinator of the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL).


Keen On… Injustice: What The Aaron Swartz ... - TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/2013/01/22/keen-on-injustice-what-the-aaron...


The Aaron Swartz tragedy has unleashed an ... Business Review blogger James ... Case Says About The American Criminal Justice System.


Aaron Swartz – TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/tag/aaron-swartz/feed


Aaron Swartz was a young, ... But the one article that really resonated with me was written by the Harvard Business Review blogger James Allworth. Read More. Keen On ...


James Beard Winner: Michael's Genuine Food & Drink | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/raul-de-molina/james-beard-winner-michae_b...


James Beard Winner: Michael's Genuine Food & Drink. By Raúl de Molina. ... Chef Michael Schwartz, the 2010 James Beard award winner for the South, ...


Mayor Bill de Blasio staffer faces charges of child ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/05/26/mayor-bill-de-blasio...


On Thursday, Jacob Schwartz, a New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio administration staffer, was arrested for allegedly having a significant amount of child ...


Aaron Swartz's Lawyer: Prosecutor Stephen Heymann Wanted ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/01/14/aaron-swartz-stephen-heymann_n...


WASHINGTON -- The federal prosecutor who reportedly insisted on jail time for the late Aaron Swartz was "very, very difficult to deal with," Swartz's ...


Samuel Jackson Swartz - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Samuel_Jackson_Swartz


Samuel Jackson Swartz (February 8, 1859 – March 25, 1905) was the 33rd mayor of Columbus, Ohio and the 30th person to serve in that office. He served Columbus for ...


Edward Joseph Schwartz - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Edward_Schwartz


Edward Joseph Schwartz (March 26 ... District Court for the Southern District of California vacated by James M. Carter. Schwartz was confirmed by the United ...










John Smith: Found - Current Phone, Address and Age



Ad
 ·
www.whitepages.com/​Find-People



Search By Name & Location. Find James Swartz, Anywhere.





Name Popularity & Facts



Reverse Phone Lookup




Instantly Update Your Address Book



Reverse Address Lookup





James Swartz at Amazon - Low Prices on James Swartz.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​James Swartz



Low Prices on James Swartz. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





James Swartz - Results on Looksmart.com | www1.looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​James Swartz



Now James Swartz Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com





Look Here



More Info



Good Results




Searches related tojames swartz



james swartz accel


james swartz advaita


james swartz youtube


james schwartz



james swartz stanford


james swartz obituary


james swartz wiki


james swartz ohio




12345Next

Related Searches



james swartz accel


james swartz advaita


james swartz youtube


james schwartz


james swartz stanford


james swartz obituary


james swartz wiki


james swartz ohio




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








