


The Swarthmore Group























The Swarthmore Group










 
For more information about our  products and services contact us at:


 
The  Swarthmore Group, Inc.
                  1650 Arch Street, Suite 2100 
                  Philadelphia, PA 19103 
Phone:  215.557.9300
                      Fax:  215.557.9305


Email general inquiries to: abecker@swarthmoregroup.com

















The Swarthmore Group











          The Swarthmore Group believes that the investment manager owes  a fiduciary responsibility to its clients to help them prudently balance risk  and return.  As investment managers, our goal is to help clients meet  their long-term investment goals by growing assets and preserving  capital.  To that end we offer clients separately managed US domestic  equity and fixed income strategies.

          The equity philosophy is based on our conviction  that companies that are able to provide sustainable earnings growth will  increase in fundamental value, and that the fundamental value of a company  ultimately drives the stock price.  We believe that our portfolios will  outperform the market over an economic cycle through the consistent application  of our investment process, which is rooted in fundamental analysis.  Our focus is on long term investments in  companies with sustainable earnings growth and strong financial  characteristics. 
The  fixed income investment philosophy is based on our belief that active  management of high-quality domestic fixed income securities will outperform the  market over an economic cycle.  We believe that “spread” sectors,  corporate bonds and mortgage backed securities, offer the best opportunities  for excess returns over the long term.  The Swarthmore Group uses security  selection to drive our management process.  The security selection is  based upon a relative value approach that incorporates our macro-economic view. 






















The Swarthmore Group










 
For more information about our  products and services contact us at:


 
The  Swarthmore Group, Inc.
                  1650 Arch Street, Suite 2100 
                  Philadelphia, PA 19103 
Phone:  215.557.9300
                      Fax:  215.557.9305


Email general inquiries to: abecker@swarthmoregroup.com















Swarthmore Group, Inc., The : Top Money Managers  








Jul 05, 2017 - Swarthmore Group Inc Buys SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary, D.R. Horton Inc, JetBlue Airways Corp, Sells CBS Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Maxim Integrated Products Inc - GuruFocus.com 


















Jul 05, 2017 - Swarthmore Group Inc Buys SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary, D.R. Horton Inc, JetBlue Airways Corp, Sells CBS Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Maxim Integrated Products Inc - GuruFocus.com Jul 05, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



Swarthmore Group Inc Buys SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary, D.R. Horton Inc, JetBlue Airways Corp, Sells CBS Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Maxim Integrated Products IncJuly 05, 2017 |  About: 
XLY  +0%
XLP  +0%
IBB  +0%
DHI  +0%
JBLU  +0%
AAPL  +0%
TMUS  +0%
XLU  +0%
PE  +0%
CBS  +0%
AMZN  +0%
MXI  +0%



Philadelphia, PA, based Investment company Swarthmore Group Inc buys SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary, D.R. Horton Inc, JetBlue Airways Corp, Apple Inc, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Staples, T-Mobile US Inc, iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology Index Fund, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Utilities, Parsley Energy Inc, sells CBS Corp, Amazon.com Inc, Maxim Integrated Products Inc, SPDR Select Sector Fund - Industrial, Costco Wholesale Corp during the 3-months ended 2017-06-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Swarthmore Group Inc. As of 2017-06-30, Swarthmore Group Inc owns 34 stocks with a total value of $433 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: DHI, JBLU, AAPL, TMUS, XLU, PE, Added Positions: XLY, XLP, IBB, CSJ, Reduced Positions: XLI, XLF, SIVB, XLK, XLE, MSFT, DISCA, XLV, FBHS, BAC, Sold Out: CBS, AMZN, MXIM, COST, TEL, PCLN, MCHP, V, CELG, ON, 
XLY 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of XLYPeter Lynch Chart of XLYFor the details of SWARTHMORE GROUP INC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=SWARTHMORE+GROUP+INCThese are the top 5 holdings of SWARTHMORE GROUP INCiShares Core S&P 500 (IVV) - 529,350 shares, 29.76% of the total portfolio. SPDR Select Sector Fund - Technology (XLK) - 852,800 shares, 10.78% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 22.94%SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary (XLY) - 183,700 shares, 3.8% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 414.93%SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Staples (XLP) - 296,000 shares, 3.76% of the total portfolio.  Shares added by 68.59%SPDR Select Sector Fund - Financial (XLF) - 561,900 shares, 3.2% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 58.09%New Purchase: D.R. Horton Inc (DHI)Swarthmore Group Inc initiated holdings in  D.R. Horton Inc.  The purchase prices were between $32.28 and $34.37, with an estimated average price of $33.38.   The stock is now traded at around $34.63. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.87%. The holdings were 359,675 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: JetBlue Airways Corp (JBLU)Swarthmore Group Inc initiated holdings in  JetBlue Airways Corp.  The purchase prices were between $20.51 and $23.36, with an estimated average price of $21.93.   The stock is now traded at around $23.04. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.13%. The holdings were 403,500 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Apple Inc (AAPL)Swarthmore Group Inc initiated holdings in  Apple Inc.  The purchase prices were between $140.68 and $156.1, with an estimated average price of $147.76.   The stock is now traded at around $144.09. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.01%. The holdings were 60,450 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS)Swarthmore Group Inc initiated holdings in  T-Mobile US Inc.  The purchase prices were between $60.3 and $68.32, with an estimated average price of $65.21.   The stock is now traded at around $59.95. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.36%. The holdings were 96,775 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Utilities (XLU)Swarthmore Group Inc initiated holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Utilities.  The purchase prices were between $51.27 and $54.3, with an estimated average price of $52.49.   The stock is now traded at around $51.47. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.15%. The holdings were 95,425 shares as of 2017-06-30. New Purchase: Parsley Energy Inc (PE)Swarthmore Group Inc initiated holdings in  Parsley Energy Inc.  The purchase prices were between $25.86 and $32.51, with an estimated average price of $29.84.   The stock is now traded at around $27.61. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.93%. The holdings were 145,775 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary (XLY)Swarthmore Group Inc added to the holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary by 414.93%.  The purchase prices were between $86.55 and $92.24, with an estimated average price of $89.51.   The stock is now traded at around $89.32. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.06%. The holdings were 183,700 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Staples (XLP)Swarthmore Group Inc added to the holdings in  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Staples by 68.59%.  The purchase prices were between $54.49 and $57.33, with an estimated average price of $55.58.   The stock is now traded at around $54.85. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.53%. The holdings were 296,000 shares as of 2017-06-30. Added: iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology Index Fund (IBB)Swarthmore Group Inc added to the holdings in  iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology Index Fund by 553.23%.  The purchase prices were between $284.3 and $320.74, with an estimated average price of $295.35.   The stock is now traded at around $315.29. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.23%. The holdings were 20,250 shares as of 2017-06-30. Sold Out: CBS Corp (CBS)Swarthmore Group Inc sold out the holdings in  CBS Corp.  The sale prices were between $60.34 and $69.51, with an estimated average price of $64.07. Sold Out: Amazon.com Inc (AMZN)Swarthmore Group Inc sold out the holdings in  Amazon.com Inc.  The sale prices were between $884.67 and $1011.34, with an estimated average price of $952.86. Sold Out: Maxim Integrated Products Inc (MXIM)Swarthmore Group Inc sold out the holdings in  Maxim Integrated Products Inc.  The sale prices were between $43.69 and $49.41, with an estimated average price of $45.93. Sold Out: Costco Wholesale Corp (COST)Swarthmore Group Inc sold out the holdings in  Costco Wholesale Corp.  The sale prices were between $157.13 and $182.45, with an estimated average price of $172.43. Sold Out: TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL)Swarthmore Group Inc sold out the holdings in  TE Connectivity Ltd.  The sale prices were between $71.93 and $80.03, with an estimated average price of $76.46. Sold Out: The Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)Swarthmore Group Inc sold out the holdings in  The Priceline Group Inc.  The sale prices were between $1738.77 and $1911.13, with an estimated average price of $1831.37. Here is the complete portfolio of SWARTHMORE GROUP INC. Also check out:
1. SWARTHMORE GROUP INC's Undervalued Stocks
2. SWARTHMORE GROUP INC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. SWARTHMORE GROUP INC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that SWARTHMORE GROUP INC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

PeterZmiiHKfilmwatcherStable Dividend GrowersmonomythJ Crew competitionWellrossFuture F Portfoliomarco.forzaniSHORT 2pbarker4652 week lowsunnywhyWEI_ShortSqueezesamuelbfoxMini-Magic ScreenMNVBen's last filter 1dellmsftInsider CEO Buying Reid

→XLY Price Chart





$91.13 (1y: +12%)







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















The Swarthmore Group Inc                                                                                                 - Philadelphia                                      , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Philadelphia



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            The Swarthmore Group Inc
                                    



 





















T 


The Swarthmore Group Inc                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1650 ARCH ST FL 21 PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103
Get Directions



(215) 557-9300
www.swarthmoregroup.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 1991
 Incorporated DE
 Annual Revenue $4,251,734.00
 Employee Count 13
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Paula Mandle                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1991, The Swarthmore Group Inc                                                                                                 has been providing Investment Advisory Service from Philadelphia. The Swarthmore Group Inc                                                                                                 is incorporated in Delaware. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















The Swarthmore Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 3:38 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The Swarthmore Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The Swarthmore Group, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pension and profit sharing plans and state or municipal government entities. It also caters to high net worth individuals, corporations, public entities, labor unions, foundations, and endowments. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm makes its equity investments in growth stocks of large-cap companies. It employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its equity portfolio mix. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equ...
The Swarthmore Group, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pension and profit sharing plans and state or municipal government entities. It also caters to high net worth individuals, corporations, public entities, labor unions, foundations, and endowments. The firm manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm makes its equity investments in growth stocks of large-cap companies. It employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its equity portfolio mix. The firm benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolios against the S&P 500 Index and Russell 1000 Growth Index. The Swarthmore Group, Inc. was founded in 1991, and is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Detailed Description


1650 Arch StreetSuite 2100Philadelphia, PA 19103United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 215-557-9300

Fax: 215-557-9305

www.swarthmoregroup.com







Key Executives for The Swarthmore Group, Inc.




Ms. Paula Mandle


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Glenn Edward Becker


      	President
      








Mr. James Edwin Nevels J.D.


      	Founder and Chairman
      


Age: 66
        







Ms. Denise Caruso CPA


      	Controller
      








Mr. Kevin Zvargulis


      	Investment Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Swarthmore Group, Inc., please visit www.swarthmoregroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Swarthmore Group Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























swarthmore group inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: -
Industry: -
Sub-Industry: -





Corporate Information
Address:

1646 West Chester Pike
Suite 9
West Chester, PA 19382
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.swarthmoregroup.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Services | Swarthmore Group Inc Philadelphia, PA 19103 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFinancial Planning Consultants near Philadelphia, PASwarthmore Group IncServicesSwarthmore Group Inc1717 Arch St Ste 3810, Philadelphia, PA 19103(215) 557-9300View Business DetailsServicesMake an Appointment"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPayroll ServicesPlanningFinancial PlanningRetirement PlanningMs. Schaffer joined The Swarthmore Group in 2010. She has over seventeen years of experience in the investment industry. Prior to joining The Swarthmore Group in 2010, she was a Portfolio Manager at Aberdeen Asset Management/Deutsche Asset Management and a member of the investment team responsible for managing $30 billion in fixed income assets. She also has previous work experience as a Fixed Income Application Analyst with FNX Limited, now a part of SunGard. Ms. Schaffer’s investment expertise is in the Corporate asset class. Types of fixed income products managed include: Core, Core-plus, Global Aggregate, Short Duration, Intermediate Aggregate, Intermediate Government/Credit, Long Government/Credit, Long Credit, and LDI (Liability-driven investments). Types of portfolios managed include: ERISA 401k, endowments and foundations, pension plans for corporations, state and local government, union pension plans, insurance general accounts, institutional and retail mutual funds. Ms. Schaffer holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of International Relations and an M.B.A. from the University of Delaware. She has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.Asset ManagementInvestmentInvestment ManagementThe Swarthmore Group is an independent minority-owned registered investment advisor comprised of highly experienced and dedicated executive and investment management professionals. The Firm has been managing assets for corporations, public entities, labor unions, foundations, and endowments since 1992.Mutual FundsMr. DeLaney joined The Swarthmore Group in 2005. He has over twenty eight years of experience in the investment industry. Prior to joining The Swarthmore Group in 2005, he spent seven years as a Senior Portfolio Manager with Automatic Data Processing, where he was responsible for $7.5 billion in fixed income assets and investing and funding payroll float balances that periodically would exceed $10 billion. Mr. DeLaney's experience also includes being a member of SEI's Global Fixed Income Management Unit, and serving as portfolio manager with The Fairfield Group, Independence Capital Management Inc. and Parkway Management Corporation. Types of portfolios managed include: pension, savings bank, insurance company, bond proceeds, money market and mutual fund accounts. Mr. DeLaney holds a B.A. in Economics from Bucknell University. He has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.TaxesTax ServicesSend to PhoneSwarthmore Group Inc1717 Arch St Ste 3810, Philadelphia, PA 19103(215) 557-9300Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailSwarthmore Group Inc1717 Arch St Ste 3810, Philadelphia, PA 19103(215) 557-9300Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) : Swarthmore Group Inc Boosts Position by $20,576,379 – Highland Mirror      Home  Cover Story  Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) : Swarthmore Group Inc Boosts Position by $20,576,379 Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) : Swarthmore Group Inc Boosts Position by $20,576,379    January 13, 2017 ·  0      Maxim Integrated Products  (MXIM) : Swarthmore Group Inc  scooped up 506,650 additional shares in Maxim Integrated Products during the most recent quarter end , the firm said in a  disclosure report filed with the SEC on Jan 9, 2017. The investment management firm now holds a total of 517,775 shares of  Maxim Integrated Products which is valued at  $20,576,379.Maxim Integrated Products makes up approximately 3.02% of Swarthmore Group Inc’s portfolio.Other Hedge Funds, Including ,  Searle  added MXIM to its portfolio by purchasing 18,600 company shares during the most recent quarter which is  valued at  $739,164. Maxim Integrated Products makes up approx 0.21% of Searle’s portfolio.Ropes Wealth Advisors  boosted its stake in MXIM in the latest quarter, The investment management firm added 35 additional shares and now holds a total of 1,284 shares of  Maxim Integrated Products which is valued at  $51,026. Maxim Integrated Products makes up approx 0.02% of Ropes Wealth Advisors’s portfolio. Integrated Wealth Management  sold out all of its stake in MXIM during the most recent quarter. The investment firm sold 133 shares of  MXIM which is valued  $5,285.Eqis Capital Management  boosted its stake in MXIM in the latest quarter, The investment management firm added 6,550 additional shares and now holds a total of 18,434 shares of  Maxim Integrated Products which is valued at  $708,603. Maxim Integrated Products makes up approx 0.04% of Eqis Capital Management’s portfolio.Maxim Integrated Products Inc. is engaged in designing developing manufacturing and marketing a range of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits referred to as analog circuits. The Company also provides a range of high-frequency process technologies and capabilities for use in custom designs. The Company’s products include switching regulators charge pumps linear regulators light-emitting diode drivers power switching transceivers level translators broadband switches current loop products real-time clocks data loggers and microcontrollers. The Company serves markets including communications and data center computing and consumer markets. Its communications and data center caters to base stations data storage servers telecommunications and other communications. Its computing caters to desktop computers notebook computers and peripherals. Its consumer products cater to smartphones digital cameras handheld computers home entertainment and appliances.Maxim Integrated Products closed down -0.23 points or -0.57% at $40.47 with 21,35,639 shares getting traded on Thursday. Post opening the session at $40.65, the shares hit an intraday low of $39.75 and an intraday high of $40.65 and the price fluctuated in this range throughout the day.Shares ended Thursday session in Red.On the company’s financial health, Maxim Integrated Products reported $0.48 EPS for the quarter, beating the analyst consensus estimate by $ 0.01 according to the earnings call on Oct 20, 2016. Analyst had a consensus of $0.47. The company had revenue of $561.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts expectations of $560.39 million. The company’s revenue was down -.2 % compared to the same quarter last year.During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.25 EPS.Many Wall Street Analysts have commented on  Maxim Integrated Products. Maxim Integrated Products was Initiated by Loop Capital to “Buy” on Dec 6, 2016. Company shares were Reiterated by Drexel Hamilton on Oct 21, 2016 to “Buy”, Firm has raised the Price Target to $ 46 from a previous price target of $42 .         vedaVeda L is a technoholic geek, who loves financial stuff, and she's a PL-SQL developer too. Apart from coding, she loves to blog about her experiences in stocks & futures trading.Share this postTwitterFacebookGoogle+LinkedInPinterestEmailRecommended for You Independent Bank Corp (INDB) is Upgraded by Compass Point to ” Buy”  Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) is Downgraded by Argus to ” Hold”  Bank Mutual Corporation (BKMU) is Downgraded by Hovde Group to ” Market Perform”  Potbelly Corp (PBPB) is Downgraded by Maxim Group to ” Hold”  Post Comment Cancel replyComment Name *  Email *  Website     Earnings & RatingsRepligen Corporation (RGEN) is Initiated by William Blair to “Outperform”Stifel Just Issued “Hold” Rating on Dover Corp (DOV)Kansas City Southern (KSU) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPSGentex Corporation (GNTX) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $-0.01 EPSExpress Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) is Initiated by Needham to “Hold”Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS  FeaturedRepublicans Trying to Bring Back Vulture Capitalism through Hensarling’s Bill Feels DemocratsTax Reforms Bill to Come Very Soon – Announces the Treasury SecretaryUS Stock Market Commentary on WednesdayIBM Still to Reverse the Trend after 20 Consecutive Quarterly ResultsWells Fargo Falters on the Top Line in Q1 Results Recent Posts Repligen Corporation (RGEN) is Initiated by William Blair to “Outperform” Stifel Just Issued “Hold” Rating on Dover Corp (DOV) Kansas City Southern (KSU) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Gentex Corporation (GNTX) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $-0.01 EPS Independent Bank Corp (INDB) is Upgraded by Compass Point to ” Buy” Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) is Downgraded by Argus to ” Hold” Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) is Initiated by Needham to “Hold”        



















Swarthmore Home :: Swarthmore College

















Skip to main content











Swarthmore College




Search Swarthmore



Submit Search









Swarthmore College


Alumni
Campus Community
Parents
Visitors
 

Search Swarthmore



Submit Search





A-Z Index
Calendar
Contacts
 





Toggle navigation



Menu




Toggle search
 Search
              



















The Space BetweenFrom The Bulletin: Co-taught interdisciplinary courses reveal what Swarthmore is all about. More from The Space Between
 Swarthmore ScenesNot able to visit the campus in person? Tour the campus online.
 ICYMI: The Top 21 Web Stories of the YearFrom an award-winning carbon-pricing campaign to a range of achievements for students, faculty, staff, and alumni, the 2016-17 academic year provided more than its share of momentous and memorable occasions. More from ICYMI: The Top 21 Web Stories of the Year
 Picture This!The Robert Savage Image Award invites students to explore the intersections of science and art. More from Picture This!
 From Scrub, New GrowthFrom The Bulletin: With support from the Lang Center, Professor of Engineering and Environmental Studies Art McGarity inspires students to make a social impact while working to improve the Delaware River Watershed. More from From Scrub, New Growth
 More Feature StoriesSee more feature stories.
  



Previous



Next



 

 







News from Swarthmore





Collaboration Fuels Analysis of Social Mobility

 Economist Philip Jefferson used data from economics and mathematics major John Calia ’18 to examine how early career pay and mid-career pay relate to which college a person attends. Read More: Collaboration Fuels Analysis of Social Mobility
  


Synthetic Chemist Chris Graves Receives NSF Research Grant 

Melissa Finley Named New Garnet Softball Coach 

Swarthmore Receives Sustainable Campus Excellence Award 

Neuroscientist Tedi Asher '05 Shapes How People View Art 


More news 







Upcoming Campus Events


calendar feedEvents are currently being scheduled and will be posted shortly.type_30210More events 







Arts@Swarthmore


Music, dance, theater, and more! Celebrate the arts at Swarthmore.
View more Arts@Swarthmore 



Train Schedule




Next trains to Philadelphia






















The Swarthmore Group

































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


