

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user

















J. Kent Sweezey - Turnbridge Capital Partners







































 












 

Dallas
 (214) 624-5010


Houston
 (713) 357-9790










					MENU
				
 


HomeOur TeamJ. Kent Sweezey 



J. Kent Sweezey Partner  |  Dallas, TX





 

 (214) 624-5010
 JKSweezey@turnbridgecapital.com




J. Kent Sweezey focuses on the Firm’s strategic and capital raising activities and serves on the Firm’s Investment Committee. Prior to founding Turnbridge, Mr. Sweezey was a founding Partner at Centre Southwest (Turnbridge’s predecessor firm), where he led the origination and execution of investments in Gray Energy Services and Nexus Gas Partners. From 1984-2002, Mr. Sweezey worked at Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette (“DLJ”), and its successor firm, Credit Suisse, where he served as Co-Head of the Energy and Power Group and managed, in different periods, both the Dallas and Houston banking offices. Beginning in 1993 at DLJ, Mr. Sweezey focused exclusively on financing and advisory work in the energy services and equipment sector, while also originating investment opportunities for DLJ Merchant Banking Partners. Mr. Sweezey serves on the Boards of Impact Selector International and DeBusk Services Group. Previously, Mr. Sweezey served on the Boards of Gray Energy Services and Nexus Gas Partners; as Chairman of Allied Wireline Services, Chairman of ROC Service Company; on the Boards of W-H Energy Services, Dr. Pepper Bottling Company of Texas, and Growth Capital Partners; and as Chairman of the Board of Trustees, and Head of the Finance Committee, for St. Andrews School in Middletown, Delaware.
Mr. Sweezey received a Bachelor of Arts from Duke University, a Doctor of Jurisprudence from Southern Methodist University, and a Masters of Business Administration from the Darden School at the University of Virginia.






Previous Team Member
Next Team Member
Back to all team members











Jay Kent  Sweezey - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Jay Kent  Sweezey
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Jay Kent  Sweezey. Find out Jay Kent  Sweezey address and contact details. View other people related to Jay Kent  Sweezey - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

5240 LBJ FREEWAY, SUITE 500  DALLAS 75240 TX




Companies related to Jay Kent  Sweezey
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001624794CSW INDUSTRIALS, INC. 5420 LYNDON B. JOHNSON FREEWAY SUITE 500 DALLAS 75240




Jay Kent  Sweezey on the Web
Persons related to Jay Kent  Sweezey - CSW INDUSTRIALS, INC.NamePositionCityLuke  AlversonSVP, GC & Secretary DALLASJoseph B  ArmesChairman & CEO DALLASGreggory W  BranningEVP, CFO AKRONCAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORP10% Owner DALLASCraig James  FosterSVP & GM, Spec. Chem. DALLASMICHAEL R  GAMBRELLDirector MIDLANDTERRY L  JOHNSTON RICHARDSONMark H.  LeeSVP & GM, Coatings DALLASLINDA A.  LIVINGSTONEDirector DALLASCHRISTOPHER J  MUDDPresident and COO DALLASWILLIAM F  QUINNDirector FORT WORTHDon  SullivanSVP & GM, Ind. Products DALLASRobert M  SwartzDirector DALLASJay Kent  Sweezey DALLASKELLY  TACKEChief Financial Officer DALLAS












 









Jay Kent Sweezey - Dallas, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jay Kent Sweezey in Dallas, TX


Jay Kent Sweezey

                                                                           Intelius found that Jay Kent Sweezey  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Dallas, TX.  We have connected them to
                20 addresses,
                17 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Kent Ken Sweezy


Get Report Now

Age

Jay Kent Sweezey is in his 60s

Jay Has Lived In

Dallas, TX
Chestertown, MD
Gainesville, TX

Jay's Relatives

Martha Sweezey







Jay Kent Sweezey



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Director - Investment Banking at Donaldson Company Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jay? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jay, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jay Kent Sweezey
Get a Criminal Check on Jay Kent Sweezey
Get a Public Record Report on Jay Kent Sweezey
Get a People Search Report on Jay Kent Sweezey


Jay Kent Sweezey's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jay Kent Sweezey has lived as well as Jay Kent Sweezey's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jay Kent Sweezey Has Lived in 4 States
Texas Address for Jay Kent Sweezey


4914 B******** D* 

Dallas, TX


Has Lived In

Dallas, TX
Chestertown, MD


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jay Kent Sweezey

(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jay Kent Sweezey

k*********y@***.net


Get Email Report




Jay Kent Sweezey's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jay Kent Sweezey's academic history.  Find out which schools Jay Kent Sweezey attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jay Kent Sweezey received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jay Kent Sweezey Has Attended 4 Schools
Duke University 
Southern Methodist University                                             
University of Virginia - Darden Graduate School of Business Administration                                             
University of Virginia - Darden Graduate School of Business Administration                                             


Jay Kent Sweezey's Professional Information
Information regarding Jay Kent Sweezey's professional history.  Find out previous places Jay Kent Sweezey has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jay Kent Sweezey Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Donaldson Company Inc
               Title: Managing Director - Investment Banking
Company: Turnbridge Capital LLC
               Title: Co-founder and Partner
Jay Kent Sweezey's Experience
Title: Managing Director - Investment Banking
               Company: Donaldson Company Inc
Job Details
               Donaldson is a leading worldwide provider of filtration systems that improve people's lives, enhance our Customers' equipment performance, and protect our environment. We are a technology-driven Company committed to satisfying our Customers' needs for filtration solutions through innovative research and development, application expertise, and global presence. Our approximately 12,300 employees contribute to the Company's success by supporting our Customers at our more than 140 sales, manufacturing, and distribution locations around the world. Donaldson is a member of the S&P MidCap 400 and Russell 1000 indices, and our shares trade on the NYSE under the symbol DCI.
Title: Co-founder and Partner
               Company: Turnbridge Capital LLC
Job Details
               Turnbridge Capital Partners is an energy-focused private equity firm with offices in Dallas and Houston, Texas. Turnbridge seeks to invest alongside experienced management teams in companies that provide products and services to the upstream, midstream and downstream energy market segments. The Turnbridge team leading this transaction were Partners Mitch Cox, Rob Horton, and J. Kent Sweezy, along with Senior Associate Houston Johnson and Associate Matt Reckling.
Additional Professional Information on Jay Kent Sweezey

 See Jay Kent Sweezey's LinkedIn Profile



Jay Kent Sweezey's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jay Kent Sweezey


Jay Kent Sweezey's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jay Kent Sweezey's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jay Sweezey
Username Matches

                  JaySweezey
                  SweezeyJay
                  Jay.Sweezey
                  Sweezey.Jay
                  Jay_Sweezey
                  Sweezey_Jay
                  Jay-Sweezey
                  Sweezey-Jay
                  JSweezey
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Sweezey







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Jay Kent Sweezey J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:36 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Turnbridge Capital, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Jay Kent Sweezey J.D.Co-Founder, Founding Partner, and Partner, Turnbridge Capital, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships65--
Background

		Mr. Jay Kent Sweezey, J.D., is a Co-Founder, Founding Partner and Partner of Turnbridge Capital, LLC. Mr. Sweezey serves as Managing Director of Centre Southwest Partners, LLC and served as its Managing Partner. He founded Turnbridge Capital, LLC in 2008 and previously served as its Managing Partner. He served as a Principal of Trinity River Partners. He served as a Managing Director and as a Head of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette's investment banking office. Mr. Sweezey ... served eleven years with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and served on a variety of financing and acquisition and divestiture assignments for the energy services and consumer products industries. In 1994, he relocated to head a new Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette office focused on transactions in the energy sector. Mr. Sweezey was the Co-Head of the Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Global Energy Group and focused particularly on the oilfield services sector, including offshore and land drilling companies, equipment manufacturers and service providers and companies in the gas compression and transportation supply businesses. He originated principal investment opportunities for DLJ Merchant Banking Partners, L.P., including a significant investment in W-H Energy Services. Mr. Sweezey was also with Credit Suisse First Boston from 1984 to 2002. Through 1993, he was focused on transactions for companies in the consumer products, construction products, manufacturing and oil and gas sectors. He began his career with Blyth Eastman Dillon and then worked for three years with Rotan Mosle, Inc. Mr. Sweezey served as the Chairman of ROC Service Company, LLC and serves as its Director. Previously, he served as Chairman of Allied Downhole Technologies, LLC. Mr. Sweezey has been a Director of CSW Industrials, Inc. since December 12, 2016. He serves as Director of Dr. Pepper Bottling Company of Texas and W-H Energy Services, Inc. He served as Director of Gray Energy Services, LLC, Nexus Gas Partners, LLC., Network International, Inc., and Growth Capital Partners, L.P. Mr. Sweezey served as a Trustee of St. Andrew's School. He received a B.A. from Duke University and a J.D. from the School of Law of Southern Methodist University and an M.B.A. from the Colgate Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
100 Crescent CourtDallas, Texas 75201United StatesPhone: 214-624-5010Fax: 214-624-5011
Board Members Memberships
DirectorROC Service Company, LLC2016-PresentDirectorCSW Industrials, Inc.
Education
BA Duke UniversityJD SMU Dedman School Of LawMBA Colgate W. Darden Graduate School of Business Administration
Other Affiliations
Network International Inc.Duke UniversityGrowth Capital Partners, L.P.Trinity River PartnersSMU Dedman School Of LawColgate W. Darden Graduate School of Business AdministrationCentre Southwest Partners LLCROC Service Company, LLCSt Andrews SchoolAllied Downhole Technologies, LLCCSW Industrials, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Turnbridge Capital, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close











































































John Jay Sweezey  | Obituaries | myeasternshoremd.com



















You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article









Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout










                                Home
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Caroline County
                                    


                                        Dorchester County
                                    


                                        Kent County
                                    


                                        Queen Anne's County
                                    


                                        Talbot County
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        Caroline County
                                    


                                        Dorchester County
                                    


                                        Kent County
                                    


                                        Queen Anne's County
                                    


                                        Talbot County
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Caroline County
                                    


                                        Dorchester County
                                    


                                        Kent County
                                    


                                        Queen Anne's County
                                    


                                        Talbot County
                                    





                                Schools
                            



                                        Caroline County
                                    


                                        Dorchester County
                                    


                                        Kent County
                                    


                                        Queen Anne's County
                                    


                                        Talbot County
                                    





                                Obituaries
                            



                                        Caroline County
                                    


                                        Dorchester County
                                    


                                        Kent County
                                    


                                        Queen Anne's County
                                    


                                        Talbot County
                                    





                                Community
                            



                                        Caroline County
                                    


                                        Dorchester County
                                    


                                        Kent County
                                    


                                        Queen Anne's County
                                    


                                        Talbot County
                                    



                                Real Estate
                            






                                e-Editions
                            



                                        Bay Times
                                    


                                        Dorchester Star
                                    


                                        Kent County News
                                    


                                        Record Observer
                                    


                                        Times-Record
                                    





                                Classifieds
                            



                                        Place an ad
                                    



                                Subscribe
                            






































Bay Times


Dorchester Star


Kent County News


Record Observer


Times-Record






Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout








































73°
Broken Clouds 







 



                                
                                    Easton, MD
                                
                                 (21601)

Today
Heavy thunderstorms.
Tonight
Thunderstorms, accompanied by locally heavy rainfall at times. A few storms may be severe. Low 69F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. 2 to 3 inches of rain expected.
 Updated: July 28, 2017 @ 5:45 pm



 Full Forecast































































Home



Obituaries
















        
        John Jay Sweezey 
    



Dec 30, 2008

















































































CHESTERTOWN – John Jay Sweezey, 81, died Dec. 14, 2008 in Memorial Hospital, Easton, Md.
Mr. Sweezey was born on Oct. 14, 1927 in Oceanside, Long Island, N.Y. Known as Jay, he was the son of the late John Newland and Cora Charles Sweezey.
While in high school, Jay enlisted in the U.S. Coast Guard Reserves. At graduation, he entered the regular Coast Guard from which he was honorably discharged. Jay worked as a lifeguard on Jones Beach on the South Shore of Long Island for many summers eventually becoming head of the lifeguards.
Jay moved to Chestertown, Md. in 1953 to manage the non-agriculture operations of Henry Sears’ Chino Farm. It was with Mr. Sears’ and his own Labrador Retrievers that he began his career as a dog trainer.
Successful participation in retriever trials enhanced his reputation as a fine trainer and excellent handler. Clients from across the country sent dogs to Jay to be trained. Many of the dogs he trained became field champions. Jay has been the only professional trainer to qualify dogs for the National Championship in six consecutive decades, the last being in 2002. Although Jay campaigned dogs all over the United States, he worked primarily on the East Coast, the Gulf Coast and in Texas.
He is survived by his wife, Kay Morris Sweezey; three children, Jay Kent Sweezey and his wife, Martha, of Dallas; Thomas Wayne Sweezey and his wife, Cathy, of Lexington, Ky.; and Carol Sweezey Krebs and her husband, Kyle of Dallas; five grandchildren, Elizabeth Cornell Sweezey, Jay Kent Sweezey II, James Roland Krebs, Henry Wheeler Krebs, and Meredith Carter Krebs.

A memorial service will be held on Saturday, Jan. 10 at 11 a.m. in Emmanuel Episcopal Church, 101 N. Cross Street, Chestertown.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Retriever Field Trial Hall of Fame, P.O. Box 774, Grand Junction, TN 38039; or a charity of your choice.
Arrangements made by Marvin V. Williams Jr. Funeral Director, Chestertown.
Paid obituary





















































                
                Recommended for you
                
            





























                
                Latest e-Edition
                
            























        
        Record Observer



To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.


























        

        
        Dorchester Star



To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.




























        
        Kent County News



To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.




























        
        Bay Times



To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.




























        
        Record Observer



To view our latest e-Edition click the image on the left.















                
                Latest News
                
            









        
        Cecil exploring fiber loop similar to Kent project



        

        
        Learn about grasses in the Chester River Saturday



        

        
        Fire destroys garage; lawnmower ignited combustibles



        

        
        Haven Ministries opens shelter; Disaster Assistance Available at MES



        

        
        Caroline-Dorchester County Fair begins Aug. 2



        

        
        Clean up, recovery underway following tornado





        
        Farm family to be recognized at 4-H Fair



        

        
        Local teachers return from China









                
                Upcoming Events
                
                    









Jul
29





        

        
        AAA Summer Car Care Event



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 9:00 am
        





Jul
29





        

        
        Saturday Morning Storytime



            Sat, Jul 29, 2017 @ 11:00 am
        





Aug
1





        

        
        Tuesday Morning Storytime



            Tue, Aug 1, 2017 @ 11:00 am
        







More events
Submit an event








                
                Newsletters
                
            






Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.
            



Error! There was an error processing your request.
            









Dorchester Star Headlines
Top stories in Dorchester County delivered to your inbox at 6 a.m. every Friday.





Kent County News Headlines
Top stories in Kent County delivered to your inbox at 6 a.m. each Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.





MyEasternShoreMD.com Events
Online calendar events delivered to you!





Queen Anne's County Headlines
Top stories in Queen Anne's County delivered to your inbox at 7:00 a.m. each weekday.





Times-Record Headlines
Top stories in Caroline County delivered to your inbox at 6 a.m. every Wednesday.











Sign up


Manage your lists












                
                Submit An Obituary
                
                    




Funeral homes often submit obituaries as a service to the families they are assisting. However, we will be happy to accept obituaries from family members pending proper verification of the death.Go to form
























© Copyright 2017 My Eastern Shore, Maryland, 29088 Airpark Drive Easton, MD | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	John Sweezey Obituary - MD | NewsZapMD























































 POWERED BYSearch



























John Jay Sweezey 







Obituary








Guest Book


16 entries 


"My condolences to the family ---I am sorry to hear of the..."- Linda (Pelke) Fenwick
"Kay- Jay was one of a kind! I can't think of anyone who was..."- Mike Lardy
"In 1965 when Dana and I started in field trials Jay was..."- Lanse Brown
"Kay, we were so sorry to hear of your loss. Jay was a kind..."- Ellis Ibbotson
"Kay, I will always remember Jay as helping add perspective..."- Andy Attar


The Guest Book is expired.

Restore the Guest Book











John Jay Sweezey, 81 CHESTERTOWN - John Jay Sweezey, 81, died Dec. 14, 2008, in Memorial Hospital, Easton. Mr. Sweezey was born on Oct. 14, 1927, in Oceanside, Long Island, N.Y. Known as Jay, he was the son of the late John Newland and Cora Charles Sweezey. While in high school, Jay enlisted in the U.S. Coast Guard Reserves. At graduation, he entered the regular Coast Guard from which he was honorably discharged. Jay worked as a lifeguard on Jones Beach on the South Shore of Long Island for many summers eventually becoming head of the lifeguards. Jay moved to Chestertown, in 1953 to manage the non-agriculture operations of Henry Sears' Chino Farm. It was with Mr. Sears' and his own Labrador Retrievers that he began his career as a dog trainer. Successful participation in retriever trials enhanced his reputation as a fine trainer and excellent handler. Clients from across the country sent dogs to Jay to be trained. Many of the dogs he trained became field champions. Jay has been the only professional trainer to qualify dogs for the National Championship in six consecutive decades, the last being in 2002. Although Jay campaigned dogs all over the United States, he worked primarily on the East Coast, the Gulf Coast and in Texas. He is survived by his wife, Kay Morris Sweezey; three children, Jay Kent Sweezey and his wife Martha, of Dallas, Texas, Thomas Wayne Sweezey and his wife Cathy, of Lexington, Ky., and Carol Sweezey Krebs and her husband,Kyle of Dallas, Texas; five grandchildren, Elizabeth Cornell Sweezey, Jay Kent Sweezey II, James Roland Krebs, Henry Wheeler Krebs, and Meredith Carter Krebs. A memorial service will be held Saturday, Jan. 10, 2009, at 11 a.m. in Emmanuel Episcopal Church, 101 N. Cross St., Chestertown (see emmanuelchesterparish.org for directions). In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to the Retriever Field Trial Hall of Fame, P.O. Box 774, Grand Junction, TN 38039 or a charity of your choice. Arrangements made by Marvin V. Williams Jr. Funeral Director in Chestertown.



                        
                        Published in NewsZapMD on Dec. 24, 2008
                    



Print

 | 
View Guest Book
 | 

















Helpful Links

Additional Resources


Send Funeral Flowers


Donate to Charity


How To Submit An Obituary




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note


Advice on Coping with Loss






 
Return to today's Obituaries for NewsZapMD










Follow this Obituary










Remember on Facebook
                            





Follow via email




*Please enter a valid email address.





	
                            Bookmark this memorial on Facebook with the My Memorials™ application. My Memorials™ helps you honor departed family members, friends, and even favorite celebrities – all on your Facebook page.
                        




                        Thank you. You have now memorialized  on Facebook.
                        



The My Memorials Facebook app allows you to:

Connect with memorials that are important to you.
Get updates on your memorials in your Facebook News Feed.
Share your memories with your Facebook friends.


VIEW YOUR MY MEMORIALS PAGE
OR
Return to Obituary










No, ThanksGO


CLOSE


Close













































































Jay Kent Sweezey - Financial Advisor, Dallas, TX - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Jay Kent Sweezey








Jay Kent SweezeyFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Jay Kent Sweezey
Turnbridge Capital, LLC














Dallas
TXFind an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
This advisor is no longer actively registered and has no available registration history....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms
N/A




doing business as
N/A


type
Not Actively Registered







Location
        



100 Crescent Court
SUITE 800

Dallas,
TX
75201


N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types








Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.














Are YouJay Kent Sweezey?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Jay Sweezey
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

N/A







FINRA


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

N/A






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Turnbridge Capital, LLC
Last updated on May 13, 2016





$605.0M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






11

          
Accounts
          


$55.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees












Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,679)



Fixed Fees (427,554)



Hourly Charges (257,249)



Commissions (238,813)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,949)



Florida (189,612)



Texas (168,976)



New York (157,623)



North Carolina (132,047)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,259)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,641)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,046)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,980)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,631)



Charitable Organizations (564,242)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,021)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,533 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations























