








Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc in Anchorage, AK 99508 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Alaska
» Anchorage
» Gastroenterology & Nephrology
» Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc













Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





4048 Laurel st Ste 301 301 Ste Anchorage, Alaska 99508


(907) 562-2928


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc is located at the address 4048 Laurel st Ste 301 in Anchorage, Alaska 99508.  They can be contacted via phone at (907) 562-2928 for pricing, hours and directions.  Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc specializes in Ergonomics, Head & Neck Pain, Cosmetic Dentistry.  Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc provides Acupuncture, Spinal Decompression, Trigger Point to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Sweeney Brian F Jr Md Apc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Goggles
, Therapeutic Shoes
, Soft Contacts
, UV-Protected Lenses
, Tinted Lenses
, Orthotic Devices
, Designer Eyewear
, Supports
, Supplements
, Herbal Supplements



SERVICES


Trigger Point
, Errands & Shopping
, Cataract Surgery
, Hand Therapy
, Endoscopic Surgery
, Spinal Decompression
, Therapies
, Auto Accidents
, Skin Testing & RAST
, Acupuncture


 SPECIALTIES


Pregnancies
, Cosmetic Dentistry
, Rosacea
, Head & Neck Pain
, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome
, Stroke
, Cancer
, Ergonomics
, Hammertoe
, Headaches & Migraines



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (907) 562-2928
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Certifications: Board Certified
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 450000
Location Type: Single Location
Professionals On Staff: Surgeons
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
Specialties: Gastroenterology, Internal Medicine
Specialties Syn: Internist, Digestive &Amp; Liver, Adult Medicine
CATEGORIES:


Gastroenterology & Nephrology
General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


Aurora Kidney LLC


3260 Providence Dr 528 Ste Anchorage, Alaska 99508





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












SWEENEY, BRIAN PAUL ARCHITECTURE - PORTLAND, OR - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



PORTLAND



Architectural Services



Architectural Services



                            SWEENEY, BRIAN PAUL ARCHITECTURE
                                    



 





















S 


SWEENEY, BRIAN PAUL ARCHITECTURE
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4838 SE GRANT ST PORTLAND, OR 97215
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 1995
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Architectural Services
 Contacts BRIAN PAUL SWEENEY







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sweeney, Brian Paul Architecture is located at 4838 Se Grant St in Portland and has been in the business of Architectural Services since 1995. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















GM taps Sweeney to head Chevy sales for U.S., report says



























































































































Automotive News Canada
Automotive News Europe
Automotive News China
Automobilwoche















Login
Newsletters







Login
Newsletters








Navigation


This Week's Issue >







×
This Week's Issue
Top stories from the July 24 issue






                                             Shifting sands for sedans 
                                        



                                             Some Dodge dealers giving in to Demon temptation 
                                        



                                             EEOC complaint prompts BMW inquiry 
                                        



                                             Rhetoric yields to reality ahead of NAFTA talks 
                                        



                                             Restated FCA sales: Some big swings 
                                        









                                             Fisker tries again 
                                        



                                             Infiniti drops midsize QX70 
                                        



                                             Crossovers, SUVs are 'margin builders' 
                                        



                                             GPB succeeds 'under radar' 
                                        



                                             Buick leaves behind its legacy of large sedans 
                                        








VIEW DIGITAL EDITIONYou must have an Automotive Newssubscription to view the digital editionClick here to subscribe

















Search

























GM taps Sweeney to head Chevy sales for U.S., report says


February 1, 2014 @ 12:34 am


Comments


Email










		SHARE 


Facebook 
Twitter 
LinkedIn 
Google+ 




0
Shares
















Executives
Alan Batey
Brian Sweeney
Mary Barra
General Motors
Chevrolet


















Sweeney, who has led sales for the automaker's Buick and GMC brands in the U.S. since March 2010, will replace Don Johnson, who plans to retire, Bloomberg reported.








Send us a Letter
Have an opinion about this story? Click here to submit a Letter to the Editor, and we may publish it in print.


DETROIT (Bloomberg) -- General Motors plans to name Brian Sweeney head of U.S. sales for Chevrolet as soon as next week in an ongoing management shuffle after the promotion of CEO Mary Barra, two people familiar with the effort told Bloomberg.The 46-year-old Sweeney, who has led sales for the automaker's Buick and GMC brands in the United States since March 2010, will replace Don Johnson, who plans to retire, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the moves haven't been announced.Johnson in 2012 became U.S. sales leader of Chevy, GM's largest brand by volume.Terry Rhadigan, a spokesman for GM, declined to comment.GM is working to transform its product lineup to one of the freshest in the industry from among the oldest.The automaker introduced 18 new or refreshed vehicles in the United States last year, including 13 Chevrolets, and plans 15 vehicles this year.Chevrolet's Corvette sports car and Silverado pickup won the North American Car and Truck of the Year awards at the Detroit auto show last month, the first time GM has swept the contest since 2007.Barra's succession of Dan Akerson as CEO on Jan. 15 set in motion management changes that are cascading through the ranks.Alan Batey became president of GM's North America operations in addition to his role leading Chevrolet globally.The company announced Jan. 15 that Steve Hill would become GM's top sales executive in the U.S. as vice president of U.S. sales. He had been vice president of customer care and aftersales for North America.U.S. sales of Chevrolet rose 5.2 percent to 1.9 million last year while Buick deliveries increased 14 percent to 205,509, and GMC gained 8.9 percent to 450,901.GM's total U.S. sales rose 7.3 percent to 2.79 million while industrywide deliveries increased 7.6 percent.Sweeney has worked for GM for more than 20 years, holding various roles in the automaker's sales and marketing divisions, according to the company's Web site.



Contact Automotive News



Tags:
Executives
Alan Batey
Brian Sweeney
Mary Barra
General Motors
Chevrolet


Send us a Letter
Have an opinion about this story? Click here to submit a Letter to the Editor, and we may publish it in print.



25
Shares





















The large sedan shrinks into oblivion
	


				Read Next
			


The large sedan shrinks into oblivion


The large sedan shrinks into oblivion



Buick leaves its large-car legacy behind
	


				Read Next
			


Buick leaves its large-car legacy behind


Buick leaves its large-car legacy behind



Product overhaul steers Buick toward crossovers
	


				Read Next
			


Product overhaul steers Buick toward crossovers


Product overhaul steers Buick toward crossovers



Cadillac product blitz is coming — later
	


				Read Next
			


Cadillac product blitz is coming — later


Cadillac product blitz is coming — later



GM rolls into high-profit product phase
	


				Read Next
			


GM rolls into high-profit product phase


GM rolls into high-profit product phase



Chevy and GMC aim for market's sweet spots
	


				Read Next
			


Chevy and GMC aim for market's sweet spots


Chevy and GMC aim for market's sweet spots



HALL OF FAME: Bombassei breaks through
	


				Read Next
			


HALL OF FAME: Bombassei breaks through


HALL OF FAME: Bombassei breaks through



Lyft outlines self-driving car plans after earlier partnerships
	


				Read Next
			


Lyft outlines self-driving car plans after earlier partnerships


Lyft outlines self-driving car plans after earlier partnerships













				Read Next
			


The large sedan shrinks into oblivion







Buick leaves its large-car legacy behind







Product overhaul steers Buick toward crossovers







Cadillac product blitz is coming — later







GM rolls into high-profit product phase







Chevy and GMC aim for market's sweet spots







HALL OF FAME: Bombassei breaks through







Lyft outlines self-driving car plans after earlier partnerships























ATTENTION COMMENTERS: Over the last few months, Automotive News has monitored a significant increase in the number of personal attacks and abusive comments on our site. We encourage our readers to voice their opinions and argue their points. We expect disagreement. We do not expect our readers to turn on each other. We will be aggressively deleting all comments that personally attack another poster, or an article author, even if the comment is otherwise a well-argued observation. If we see repeated behavior, we will ban the commenter. Please help us maintain a civil level of discourse.
























































































Newsletters





Breaking News Alerts
Sample




Daily Summary
Sample




AM Newscast
Sample




PM Newscast
Sample




Weekly Summary
Sample




Mobility Report
Sample




Cars & Concepts Weekly
Sample




U.S. Sales Report
Sample




F&I Report Weekly
Sample




China Report
Sample













Automotive News Promotional Emails


















































SUBSCRIBE TO AUTOMOTIVE NEWS
Get 24/7 access to in-depth, authoritative coverage of the auto industry from a global team of reporters and editors covering the news that's vital to your business.








GET FREE NEWSLETTERS
Sign up today to get the best of Automotive News delivered straight to your email inbox, free of charge. Choose your news – we'll deliver.








                Entire contents © Crain Communications, Inc.
            
Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Statement |
            Terms and Conditions |
            Contact Us
























































 Subscribe









Amazon.com Seller Profile: Brian sweeney




 






















Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 














































































Brian sweeney


1.5 out of 5 stars14% positive lifetime (7 total ratings)


Brian sweeney is committed to providing each customer with the highest standard of customer service.

Have a question for Brian sweeney?Ask a question


FeedbackReturns & RefundsShippingPoliciesHelpProducts



1 out of 5 stars







The item did NOT arrive on time, and it was not what I ordered at all! I tried to email the seller with no response and that was over 10 days ago. NEVER do busi...
The item did NOT arrive on time, and it was not what I ordered at all! I tried to email the seller with no response and that was over 10 days ago. NEVER do business with this seller again!




                        Read more
                    





                        Read less
                    






        By Amazon Customer on April 12, 2017.
    







1 out of 5 stars





The writing on the cup is backwards, tried to contact seller to no avail



        By Amazon Customer on April 10, 2017.
    







1 out of 5 stars





Why put an item on Amazon then cannot produce product.



        By Mike L on March 31, 2017.
    







1 out of 5 stars





Mug was white not black as pictured.  Contacted seller on the day it was received (Thursday 3/23/17)and still waiting on their response.



        By marceine l. on March 25, 2017.
    







1 out of 5 stars





Not received yet!!!



        By darlie16 on March 24, 2017.
    







0 out of 5 stars







template-truncated-text
template-expanded-text




                        Read more
                    





                        Read less
                    






        By template-rater on template-date.
    

Message from Amazon:
This item was fulfilled by Amazon, and we take responsibility for this fulfillment experience.







template-response-truncated-text
emplate-response-expanded-text




                        Read more
                    





                        Read less
                    






        By Brian sweeney on template-response-date.
    

Message from Amazon:
This item was fulfilled by Amazon, and we take responsibility for this fulfillment experience.




PreviousPreviousNextNext30 days90 days12 monthsLifetimePositive

-


-


14%
        
        
    


14%
        
        
    
Neutral

-


-


0%
        
        
    


0%
        
        
    
Negative

-


-


86%
        
        
    


86%
        
        
    
Count0077Please refer to the Amazon.com Return Policy or contact Brian sweeney to get information about any additional policies that may apply.Contact this seller To initiate a return, visit Amazon's Online Return Center to request a return authorization from the seller. 


    A-to-z Guarantee
Place your merchant order through the Amazon.com Shopping Cart and your purchase is protected by the A-to-z Safe Buying Guarantee. Amazon.com automatically transfers your payment to the merchant so you'll never need to pay a merchant directly. Our A-to-z Safe Buying Guarantee covers both the delivery of your item and its condition upon receipt...Read more


Shipping Rates & Times

 



U.S. Shipping Rates



 Determine Shipping Rates  






U.S. Shipping Times



 Shipping Times for the Contiguous U.S.  
 Shipping Times for Alaska, Hawaii & Puerto Rico  
 Shipping Times to U.S. Territories & Freely Associated States  






Seller Shipping



 Seller Shipping Rates  
 Seller Shipping Times  
 Seller Supported Countries 






Global Shipping Times



 Shipping Times to Africa 
 Shipping Times to Asia & Pacific Islands 
 Shipping Times to Atlantic, Caribbean & Other Islands  
 ›More Global Shipping Times  






Global Shipping Rates



 Shipping Rates to Africa 
 Shipping Rates to Asia & Pacific Islands 
 Shipping Rates to Atlantic, Caribbean & Other Islands  
 ›More Global Shipping Rates  





When ordering from Amazon.com, you can review the shipping rates and delivery estimates for each geographic region.


    Shipping Policies
Unless noted otherwise in the ordering pipeline, Brian sweeney ships all items within two days of receiving an order. You will receive notification of any delay or cancellation of your order.
    Privacy and Security
Amazon knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By visiting Amazon.com, you are accepting the practices described in Amazon.com's Privacy Policy. In addition, we want you to be aware that Amazon.com will provide Brian sweeney with information related to your transactions involving their products (including, for example, your name, address, products you purchase, and transaction amount), and that such information will be subject to Brian sweeney's Privacy Policy.Privacy PolicyBrian sweeney values the privacy of your personal data.For more information see Amazon.com's Privacy Policy.


    Tax Information
Sales tax is not separately calculated and collected in connection with items ordered from Brian sweeney through the Amazon.com Site unless explicitly indicated as such in the ordering process. Items ordered from Brian sweeney may be subject to tax in certain states, based on the state to which the order is shipped. If an item is subject to sales tax, in accordance with state tax laws, the tax is generally calculated on the total selling price of each individual item, including shipping and handling charges, gift-wrap charges and other service charges, less any applicable discounts. If tax is separately calculated and collected in connection with items ordered from Brian sweeney through the Amazon.com Site, the tax amounts that appear during the ordering process are estimated - the actual taxes that will be charged to your credit card will be calculated at the time your order is processed and will appear in your order confirmation notification.For questions about a charge that has been made to your credit card, please contact Amazon. Questions about how to place an order? Search Amazon Help.
{"isEmpty":false,"marketplace":"ATVPDKIKX0DER","seller":"A3MRIYZMEU3MK1","url":"/sp/ajax/products","productsTabPageSize":12}SearchBrian sweeney seller has more products available, refine your search with a keyword above or view the entire catalog on their storefront.No product results found.









    Any 


    ...


    (


    )

←→

Next
Next
Previous
Previous
...









 
            template-truncated-title
        



template-formatted-rating out of 5 stars


                template-rating-count
            

template-product-price

Add To Cart


Recently added products from Brian sweeneyPage 1 of 1Page 1 of 1Previous page





 
            
Photo Mug of Beach at sunrise, Cabo Polonio, Rocha Departmen...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of River Inn frames the alpine village of Zuoz sur...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of Mount Tasman and Aoraki (Mount Cook) reflected...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of View along the Tasman Sea coast to Dolomite Poi...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of Beautiful little islet in the lagoon of Wallis,...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of Noodles and seafood with vegetables, Vietnamese...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of Karst Landscapes of Tam Coc and Trang An in the...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            Proverbs 31 Bible Verse Mug-Black
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            
Photo Mug of Whitepark Bay, County Antrim, Ulster, Northern...
        

"Currently unavailable"






 
            Halloween Zombie Coffee Mug-Black
        

"Currently unavailable"
Next page

Leave seller feedbackTell us what you think about this page






There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started


































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates









9-11 Victim Memorial: Brian D. Sweeney









9-11 Heroes




Leave your memorial thoughts for Brian D. Sweeney






In Memory of Brian D. Sweeney










Submit Your9-11 Memorial:
 * For WTC victims
 * For victims at
    Pentagon & flights
 * Leave generic
    9-11 memorials
 * Read most recent
 * Nominate a hero

Songs and poems:
 * America's Heroes
 * 9-11 songs
 * Poems and pictures
 * 9-11 Poems page 2
 * 9-11 Poems page 3
 * Your Poems 1  
2
        
3   
4    
5

 * Donate to 9-11Heroes.us

About kids:
 * TV news & violence
 * Children & war
 * Art helps kids cope

 * Asbestos exposure
    at Ground Zero



Fly Your Own American Flag:













 * 9-11 Resources
 * Link to us


VA Home Loan Rates





Each time someone visits this page, a flower is added to
            the bottom as a small sign that someone remembers this person and
            wants to honor and appreciate their memory.
Add your memorial thoughts (bottom
            of this page)

 

In Tribute to 
Brian D. Sweeney

38 years old.   Residence: Barnstable, Mass.

Passenger of Flight 175


NOTE:  The visitor remarks and comments below are NOT NECESSARILY the feelings or beliefs of this website's webmaster or sponsors. 




32 Total CommentsPage:  1 of 2


I went through AOCS with Brian. He was a great guy always willing to help. He also was one of the best artist I have ever met. I sent a framed AOCS Class 13-89 shirt that Brian drew for our class. It was a very amzing drawing. I sent it to 1408 Mary Dunn Rd, Barnstable Ma. I would like to find out if you have received it. It was sent in Sept.
Brian was a good friend, Naval Officer and Naval Flight Officer. Jugis Servo Caelestis (to continuiously protect us from the heavens)
*** Posted by CDR Jeff Cole on 2011-12-24 ***


Moose, you were such a devoted squadren mate to Lurch and friend to all of us at Miramar that knew you. You even showed great interest in our now 17 year old daughter Haley, even though you were not a parent yet. You were quite entertained. I have never forgotten you, the fun parties at our Goldfish Way house, and the terrible moment that you must have endured on 911. This wighs heavy on my heart. I know you loved your sweet wife Julie, and everyday I pray for the both of you. When I think about what a sweet man you were, and I think of what an "unfair" deal you were given. My self, Ted, Haley, Shauna, and even my mom pray for you everyday. I have asked God to keep you in eternity with love and peace. Heidi Hill
*** Posted by Heidi Hill on 2011-09-26 ***


I cannot say for sure that I ever met LT Sweeney but may have. I worked in the ejection seat shop of his sister squadron during Desert Storm (VF-24). I just wanted to post a thought for Julie. My mother lost my father in Viet Nam when she was pregnant with me. She has told me many times that her children were the only reason she survived the pain of losing him. My understanding from all that I hear is that both of these men died too early and both were extremely fine men that touched every life that they encountered. May the Love and Peace of God be with you and your children all the days of your life.
*** Posted by James Dennis Daniels, Jr. on 2011-09-12 ***


The last time I saw Brian was in the Mitre M cafeteria. He was a very amicable and gregarious person who always had a smile on his face. I think of him often and wished I had known him better. RIP Brian. You are a hero. God Bless.
*** Posted by Anonymous on 2011-09-11 ***


Being a neighbor on Mary Dunn road, My family will never forget that day. Rest in piece Brian, and all those who lost their lives that day, we will never forget you. Thank you to all that helped and gave all that day. Everyone is a Great American
*** Posted by Don Drew on 2011-09-11 ***


Moose my brother, I just returned home from The Hook in Reno. I met your sister and your buddy there, and we shared great stories of you. We also shared tears for our pain at losing you, but shared a warmth for having known you. Your brothers and sisters raised many glasses in toast for our memories of camraderie with you, and you are still in our thoughts daily. As the 10th anniversary of our loss arrives and passes, I will return to keeping the skies safe in your name. I miss you my brother...
*** Posted by MAVERICK on 2011-09-10 ***


I have a small,commemerative, necklace, with the name Brian Sweeney...I wear it proudly. God Bless him and all the loved ones left behind. We can only hope to remember and use his heroism as an example and inspiration.
*** Posted by Sally Reinke on 2011-09-10 ***


It has been 10 years since Brian and the rest of our Joint Mission Planning System Team were headed out to LA on that fateful day. When I watch the replay of the news I am brought back to thoughts of "Moose" and what he meant to us, both professionally and personally. He loved his wife Julie, his family, his friends, and his country. He had passion for all and he had an awesome vision for the product on which we worked that is now fielded to support most Naval Aviation flight crews. I hope that he would be proud for our having kept his vision alive and for having helped, in some minor way, to bring the evil that caused that day to its knees. We will keep fighting each day to help our military men and women because of the ultimate sacrifices made by Brian and many others over the past decade. God Bless you, Brian (and Julie)... We will never forget!
*** Posted by Randy Amato on 2011-09-10 ***


Brian had an old (nice) Jeep and I had an old Landcruiser that he called "the Jap Jeep". Brian loved to draw almost as much as he loved to fly,I still have a cartoon he drew of me in my FJ-40 in the desert near El Centro Naval Air Station. A very good man and friend.
*** Posted by stephen bayer on 2011-09-09 ***


Continuing to remember you as the 10th anniversary approachs and know you are looking over your family and friends. God Bless You!
*** Posted by Kris Rinear on 2011-09-09 ***


I admire your courage and tenacity and was honored to carry your message. I will never forget.
*** Posted by gloria on 2011-09-09 ***


Brian Sweeney - although a few years older than me in high school, I always remember how nice he was to others and how his amazing eyes seemed to gush kindness. Brian - I wish I had the chance to know you better! My thoughts are with your family and friends this week, as the recent news I'm sure brings up the painful memories of that fateful day! God Bless!
*** Posted by Lisa on 2011-05-05 ***


May you rest in peace.
*** Posted by N.  Marcantonio on 2011-05-03 ***


May you rest in peace.
*** Posted by N.  Marcantonio on 2011-05-03 ***


Moose my brother! May you continue to rest in peace, and know our thoughts and hearts are with you and Jules. I fly every flight with you as my RIO still.
*** Posted by MAVERICK on 2011-05-02 ***


Brian Sweeney was the first person my sister introduced me to in San Diego. I went to shake his hand, and he said, "Give me a hug. You're family!" He was such a great guy! I miss him and think of him often. I wear a sweatshirt from his favorite bar, Mattakees Wharf, to sleep in. Unfortunately it is now nine years old and looking like it! I decided on the tenth anniversary that I will retire it. Every year on 9-11, I play the Pogues for Sweeney "MOOSE" and have a Captain Morgan with coke in the biggest glass I've got! Miss you, love you, and thinking of you!

Mellen
*** Posted by Mary Ellen Smith on 2010-11-26 ***


Brian, the folks from Air Force Mission Planning miss the enthusiasm and dedication to the flight crews that you brought to our program. To us, you will always be remembered as "Moose", the fighter pilot who taught us all to understand the needs of the fliers. I think of you often and always get warm feeling from the memory of our "Moose". God Bless you and the others who flew into history on 9/11/2001.
*** Posted by Jim Schmidt on 2010-09-11 ***


Thinking of you, Julie and Brian on this day before. He was such an amazing man.
*** Posted by Anonymous on 2010-09-10 ***


Brian was a gentleman, a really nice guy. He used to come and watch my brother and me play music in Hennesseys Tavern in PB San Diego. He even sang once or twice. We send our best to Brian's family.

Donal and Gerry O'Brien
The O'Brien Brothers
P.S. We also have a song we wrote just after the event. If you wish to post it on this site, please us know.
*** Posted by Donal O'Brien on 2010-09-10 ***


I knew Brian while I was working at MITRE in the months prior to 9-11. I was watching a documentary on the upcoming anniversary and wanted to say that I remember him fondly and always thought of him as a stand-up guy. I can't help but think that, had he known what was to transpire that day, that flight 175 would have been another flight 93. I can't help but remember Brian. I know I won't ever forget.
*** Posted by Carol Hubbard on 2010-09-09 ***

32 Total CommentsPage:  1 of 2Go to Page:   1   2


 

 


Post your memorial thoughts:
Share your feelings and memories of grief and
 sadness concerning the 9-11-2001 attack, or of positive memories.  If you knew this
 person, help us to build a small 'bio' of the person and share with
 us something about his/her life:

what kind of person he/she was, 
what nice points you remember about him/her, 
what kind of relationship you had with him/her, 
what you two perhaps did together, 
what he/she meant to you, 
or other things about him/her might be especially encouraging
 for other people.

This web site is intended solely as a means of allowing all of us to express our grief and sympathy in behalf of the people who lost their lives, and also our love and compassion towards those who lost loved ones and friends in the 9/11/01 tragedy. The site is strictly for memorial mentions of those who passed away in the tragedy, not of other people who have passed away.
Our hearts are very touched with concern in behalf of those people, and it is to them that we dedicate this web site. It is not our intent to venture into the realms of WHO should face judgement, to take responsibility for those terrible events, because we have no way of knowing for sure who all might fall into that category. Therefore, any letters or notes written passing judgment upon any person or group will not be published on this site. We do NOT want this site to be a base for expressions of hatred, but only for expressions of LOVE!
9-11Heroes.us is a personal effort, not a business, nor is the site dedicated to any specific person or persons. We will not post negative comments. Moreover, 9-11Heroes.us reserves the right to choose which comments to post and also to edit the comments for spelling, punctuation, grammar, or edit comments that are unkind or offensive in some manner. We are maintaining this site with our own money and time. We try to keep the advertisements to a minimum and we try to make them as unobtrusive as possible.  The revenue goes back to maintaining this site. 
Thank you for your understanding in these matters.






Your Name: 
E-mail: (optional, but needed if you want us to contact you)
(this will not be displayed with the comments)

Comments:

   




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Brian D. Sweeney's page has been visited 13,798 times.

 
 Medium Flower  = 100 visits
 
 Small Flower  = 1 visit















© 2003-2011 www.9-11heroes.us  All rights reserved.


Link to 9-11 Heroes      
9-11 resource websites     
Contact      
About us     Privacy Policy










Error. Page cannot be displayed. Please contact your service provider for more details.  (17)




 



SweeneyVesty | Strategic Counsel. Creative Marketing. Communications Solutions. 































 


































The ONE Show 2016 in New York has awarded SweeneyVesty two Golds and ‘Best in Discipline’ for PR capping wins at Cannes, Clio, Mobius, AdStars and Spikes Asia in addition to USA’s PR Daily Global Grand Prize for Media Relations Campaign of the Year     
    

Strategic Counsel We manage diverse long-term operational and public perception issues, as well as crisis situations, that have the potential to have an impact on your business and brand.

Creative Marketing We have extensive experience delivering creative public relations and marketing communications campaigns for clients looking to build their brand in consumer markets.

Communications Solutions We develop and implement corporate communications programmes to engage with stakeholders, influencers, businesses, consumers and communities of interest.

 


About SweeneyVestyFounded in 1987, SweeneyVesty provides business strategy and communications services to corporations and public organizations. Our advice and work is designed to improve core perceptions and increase core revenues of our local, national, regional and global clients. We work in communications situations involving business growth and transformation, brand and culture building, issues management and innovation. Our business model is to have long-term relationships with leading companies, brands and organizations.
SweeneyVesty is an independent company operating in the United States, Europe and Asia Pacific. In the past decade SweeneyVesty has undertaken projects for clients in over 100 cities in 50 countries. We are motivated, successful and relentless on behalf of our clients.
We recruit multi-skilled people with exceptional thinking skills, great abilities to write, talk, plan and implement, and a passion for service. Consultants’ qualifications include degrees in Strategic Studies, Political Science, Marketing, Management Science, Law, Science, Journalism, History, Sociology, Accountancy, Literature and Music.
With staff across our network and offices in Auckland, Wellington, Sydney, Singapore, New York, Ohio, Berlin and London, we provide comprehensive geographical reach and expertise across a wide range of sectors and practice areas.

Jane Vesty, Chief Executive Officer

Jane Vesty is an international leader in public relations, and her expertise includes communication and competitive strategies; brand, stakeholder and corporate reputation management; media relations and publicity; networking and advocacy; and team performance. Jane is an advisor, negotiator and facilitator on behalf of clients and is highly experienced at providing counsel to individuals regarding their business profile, issues and opportunities. She commenced her career as Marketing Director in New Zealand professional theatres, and has a long involvement with the performing and visual arts as a collector, board director, and sponsor. BA Political Science and Sociology, University of Canterbury.


Brian Sweeney, Chairman

Brian has led many significant corporate development projects, including communicating large-scale organisational and culture change, financial structuring, competitive strategies, changes in ownership, the drive for increased customer focus, and the design and marketing of new products. Expert in international branding, issues and crisis management, and the power shifts in the consumer and content landscapes driven by converging digital technologies. Brian is a member of the influential TED Conference, co-convener of the ideas forum 7X7, produces nzedge.com and has been recognized by KEA as a “World Class New Zealander.” BA Politics, University of Waikato.


 



GM, Auckland
Greg Fahey

GM, Wellington
Catherine McMechan

GM, International
Carla Hofler

EVP, New York
Andrew Conn











VP, Singapore
Sarah Tan

EVP International Projects Director
Richard Campbell





 

Email Convention: FirstName.LastName@sweeneyvesty.com

 SweeneyVesty offers a broad range of services directed towards the needs of large clients requiring strategic and tactical integration of communications.
Services & Capabilities
CRITICAL BUSINESS COMMUNICATIONS
Integrated communications planning
Transformation strategies
Competitive strategies
Reputation management
CEO counsel and presentations
Financial reporting, investor relations
Culture building and employee communication
Issues and crisis management
Media strategies and management
Complex project implementation
Litigation communications


BRAND DEVELOPMENT AND MANAGEMENT
Brand, marketing and sales communication
Interactive ideas and strategies
New product launches
Events, VIP’s, publicity management
Sponsorship management
Content development and communications
IDEA AND CONCEPT DEVELOPMENT
Keynote presentations
Media content
Information architecture, design
Web, film, video, print production

Local/Global footprint
We have serviced clients from Manukau to Minneapolis to Moscow, in one voice that has a keen ear for local nuance and global application.
Distinct methodology
Our communication programmes revolve around a core “Organizing Idea”. A brand story is not a logo or a tagline, but an idea that has multiple adaptations and connections.
Private/Public sector expertise
We understand the cultures and operating and approvals environments of publicly listed companies, entrepreneurial start-ups, and government agencies.
Export experience
As a company that has expanded internationally SweeneyVesty understands the challenges involved in exporting, and of communicating brand stories in a global context.
Expert team
SweeneyVesty’s core team has over a decade of working together. Our consultants are experienced in corporate, consultancy, government and media contexts.
Industry compatible
Primary industries; science, technology and innovation; education; tourism and hospitality; value-added, branded and premium products – we have a record of success in all.
Editorial bench
Writers and editors are the “forward pack” of SweeneyVesty. We produce short and long form stories; we write high and low; to be spoken and shared as well as read.
Design savvy
We have our own design studio in Auckland; we also work with and manage leading design agencies in New Zealand and New York to activate and operationalize a project vision.
Video/Web enabled
We directly employ web and social media programmers and content specialists as well as video editors. We also work with and manage external agencies.
Distribution-focused
Our belief is that great stories need equally great distribution, be it word-of-mouth, B2B, collateral, social media, advertising. Building influencer databases is vital.
Robust systems
We have IT suppliers in New Zealand, USA and UK providing 24/7 support. Long-established relationships with logistics and distribution vendors worldwide.
Good in a crisis
Brand storytelling isn’t always an upward journey. SweeneyVesty are internationally-experienced issues managers, expert at anticipating or averting crises.
Excellent ROI
Our ideas, stories, and people work relentlessly in the market to build quantum and multiple returns. We are resourceful about how results can be achieved with limited investment
Good to work with
We are good-natured people who are passionate, hard-working, service orientated, focused on both the big picture and the small detail.

 SweeneyVesty works across many sectors and types of organizations, from publicly listed corporations to consumer brand leaders, government enterprises, and privately-owned enterprises.
SectorsSECTORS WE HAVE EXPERTISE IN INCLUDE:
Infrastructure development, engineering, construction
Financial communications and investor relations
Banking (retail, business, investment)
Financial planning and retirement services
Information and communications technology  and new media
Film, fashion, wine, entertainment, gaming, sport
Luxury retailing, beauty, supermarketing, packaged goods
Energy generation and supply
Forestry and paper products
Primary industry marketing
Employment, recruitment, legal
Tourism, travel and hospitality
Publishing, advertising, design
Professional services

Our client list can be made available in the context of a new business discussion.
 

News & Views

SweeneyVesty wins Silver Lion
26 June 2015
SweeneyVesty, together with Saatchi & Saatchi Singapore, have won a Silver Lion in the PR category at Cannes Lions 2015 for ‘Inspiring Spirit’, a joint campaign for Asia-based airline Scoot. Cannes Lions is the world’s biggest annual awards show and festival for professionals in the creative communications industry.

Scoot Case Study – Inspiring Spirit
 

 
Scoot ‘Inspiring Spirit’ Named Best in Discipline in Public Relations
at The One Show 2016
12 May 2016
An upstart 2015 campaign from global PR company SweeneyVesty in partnership with Saatchi & Saatchi, ‘Inspiring Spirit’ for low-cost airline Scoot, a subsidiary of Singapore Airlines. The campaign has won at seven international advertising and communications awards shows.

Judge Coltrane Curtis announces winner of Best in Discipline in PR
 

 
This campaign has won:
Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity 2015
Silver Cannes Lion in PR
PR Daily Media Relations Awards 2015
Grand Prize: Media Relations Campaign of the Year 2015 – Best Media Relations Campaign Under $50,000
Best Brand Messaging or Positioning
Spikes Asia Festival of Creativity 2015
Silver Trophy in PR
Busan International Advertising Festival (AD STARS) 2015
Gold in PR – Practices & Specialism – Brand Voice including Strategic Storytelling
Silver in PR – Product & Service – Finance/Services/Entertainment & Leisure/Travel
Silver in PR – Integrated Campaign led by PR
CLIO Awards 2015
Bronze in Public Relations – Product/Service – Corporate Image
The Mobius Awards 2016
First Place Mobius Award in PR
The ONE Show Awards 2016
Best in Discipline in PR
Gold in PR – Consumer – Brands, Products & Services – Integrated Campaign
Gold in PR – Craft – Brand Voice
  




SweeneyVesty Snapshot

Tweets by @svsnapshot




Twitter From NZEDGE

Tweets by @nzedge



 The best way to judge our work is through our clients’ feedback.
EndorsementsSweeneyVesty is in the business of providing strategic corporate and marketing communications services to leading organizations.
CEO, International Investment Company
“Thank you very much for a spectacular job! I am thrilled with the finished product, I thoroughly enjoyed working with you and I am certain we will develop into a long term customer for you. Rarely do you find people in business who are as diligent, good spirited, and professional as you. Thanks again.”
General Manager, Major Infrastructure Organisation
“Our relationship with SweeneyVesty has been good for us. We understand comms and we like the way you do business. Thanks for a huge effort this year.”
Global CEO
“I have to say, you did an awesome job. You performed at peak. At speed. At top quality.”
Worldwide Creative Director
“Beautifully presented, beautifully digestible. In fact, bloody brilliant.”
Global CEO
“A massive endeavor, magnificently strategized, relentlessly pursued and flawlessly executed. Simply put, this would never have happened without you.”
Consumer Goods Company – Global Marketing Officer
“You guys were a perfect 10 today. We stunned the audience. Built major equity. Now it becomes amazing training for our people. Thanks a million.”
CEO, Great Britain
“It was my first ‘scripted’ outing and I have to say it was an eye opener. Your involvement is very, very much appreciated, as is the total professionalism of your on the ground team. Impeccable.”
Bank – Chief Marketing Officer
“What a team! Very sincere thanks for your wonderful work this week. Your professional approach, calm and intelligent comments and thorough preparation of material really played a key role in taking our reactive crisis to a positive and leadership space. We would not be where we are without your work. Wow – you guys really showed your value this week. We knew we made the perfect decision to make you such a strategic partner in our business. Once again, my sincere thanks for your support and advice.”
Energy Generator – Growth Projects Manager
“I am completely impressed with your performance on this project to-date. It is fantastic to see high quality material rolling off the production line within difficult time constraints. Sincere thanks for your efforts to-date which have reduced my stress levels considerably. In the words of an infamous Australian Cricket commentator “Marvellous effort that.”
Restauranteur, Chef
“Thanks for the speaking notes, they are absolutely brilliant.”
Communications Manager – International Technology Consultants
“Thank you for the fabulous work you did on our GM’s speech. She was delighted with the final result, and found the whole process very smooth and efficient. Her delivery was superb, and she has had lots of great feedback from attendees. Thanks again.”
Information Technology Group – Group Product Manager
“I’ve worked with a wide variety of marketing communications organizations in the high tech industry – based on your work to date I would class SweeneyVesty with the best in the industry worldwide.”
IT Recruitment Consultancy – Managing Director
“We recommend that any organization approaching an important business issue such as their entire communications strategy, spend time with SweeneyVesty.”
National Travel and Transportation Company – General Manager
“SweeneyVesty is a very tight and professional operation which always adds value. Recommendations are strategic, commercial and soundly based with an eye for simplicity and ease of communication. SweeneyVesty’s people are highly technology literate and strong on both marketing nous and practical ideas.”
National Trading Bank – Manager Marketing
“SweeneyVesty understood our business, fully comprehended the brief and with sound strategic thinking responded with appropriate solutions, within budget and deadlines. Anyone wanting to hire a public relations consultant should not hesitate to appoint SweeneyVesty.”
Primary Industry Group (Marine) – Chief Adviser
“We received to time and within budget a simply excellent strategy which provides a top quality analysis. The descriptive and analytical contents, with recommendations, are clear, comprehensive, sophisticated and absolutely spot-on.”
Telecommunications Company – International Manager
“SweeneyVesty report on the Internet is the single most useful document circulating within the company on this issue. It is an excellent input to the dialogue now occurring.”
Global Broadcaster – President
“Your firm’s sound advice and obvious expertise gave our Group a sense of confidence and resulted in a more professional announcement. Thank you again.”
US Digital Leader
“You were the most wonderful hosts I have ever had. Details were perfect. I would be back in a flash. Thank you for your kindness. You people are terrific.”
International Advertising Agency – Senior Vice President
“Hello Team SweeneyVesty – Yesterday’s presentation went off perfectly! The words, the images, the commercials, the ideas and the timing of it all were flawless. Thank you so much for each of your individual efforts and your teamwork on our behalf. You made us look good. You’re the best.”
Media Communications Company – CEO
“Fantastic show on Monday, I’ve had lots of positive feedback from the client. It has also transformed their thinking on approaching communications briefs – just what was required. Thanks for helping make our brand look good.”
Global Ideas Company – Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning
“The presentation and workshop was a fantastic success at yesterday’s Convention in Florida. The audience was both inspired and ignited by the emotionally charged presentation. Thank you to the entire SweeneyVesty team for your outstanding work on this. I heard that for many people it was the best session of the conference. This was truly a powerful two hours that will make a difference in the lives of people who most need transformational thinking. Thank you all, and those who worked with you on this, for making our contribution possible.”
University Business School – Dean
“This is really excellent. Great outline, great feedback. You are exactly in the zone. We appreciated your very quick turnaround with very little direction. Once again a pleasure to work with you. I am delighted. Many thanks.”
Marlborough Wine Producer – Managing Director
“SweeneyVesty have provided another dimension to my company with their marketing and public relations expertise. In all instances work has been prepared within the brief and to the quoted price. I would not hesitate to recommend SweeneyVesty.”
Luxury Goods Retailer – GM Operations
“SweeneyVesty worked on a complete communications exercise for our most significant development in Oceania. Awareness exceeded expectations and sales since the launch have been spectacular. SweeneyVesty have been thorough and professional in their approach. They understood our business and pitched the campaign precisely at the target audience. I have no hesitation in recommending SweeneyVesty.”
Managing Director
“The speech was incredibly well researched and written. The day, given the feedback, was an outstanding success. From now on you can do all my speechwriting.”
Fast Moving Consumer Goods Company – Market Manager
“SweeneyVesty did a remarkable media relations job considering the very tight time we had available. I commend you on a job well done, and look forward to future dealings with SweeneyVesty.”
National Tourism and Transportation Company – General Manager
“A big thanks for the part you played in the industry conference. We indeed “stole the show” and achieved our objective of making people reassess their image of our company. Already the new business opportunities are making themselves evident!”
Telecommunications Company – Head of Business Marketing
“Thank you and the SweeneyVesty team for your consistently high levels of service and quality. Your team have once again completed a typical assignment – tight deadlines, new ideas, smooth execution. Looking forward to a continued relationship.”
Government Department – Manager Communications
“I have been impressed by your professionalism, interpretation and presentation of analytical material. You always meet deadlines, always took the initiative in seeking improvements and produced a research commentary, through test and data, which gave us an ingenious tool to manage our relations with the media.”
Information Technology Group – Group Product Manager
“Our expectations were exceeded for this computer communications launch. The professionalism, attention to detail and the impressive presentation were a credit to the team. Feedback from our audience has been very positive. They enjoyed the sharp, to-the-point nature of the presentation. We appreciated not having to worry about anything apart from delivering our speeches. In fact, we actually enjoyed it.”
Telecommunications company – Sector Marketing Manager
“Thank you for the wonderful work done by your team. Your organisational skills, knowledge of our business and attitude made it possible to put together such good quality training in short time.”
National Business Magazine – Publisher
“I am most impressed with the professionalism that SweeneyVesty brought to the event, and your concern to ensure that every detail was managed. You gave me enormous personal support, and the confidence to do what I had to.”
National Advertising Agency – Managing Director
“A heartfelt note of thanks for your superb efforts, not only in providing the concept for our function, but in the highly professional input, involvement and commitment to making it such a success. Without exception, the feedback has been extremely positive. I owe you a long lunch in the New Year.”
Telecommunications Company – Manager Business Delivery
“Thank you and your team for the great work on the case studies, fulfilment material and campaign negotiations. Feedback from the channels has been fantastic with so many people in both sales and marketing commenting positively on the material and the whole look. I know SweeneyVesty has worked very hard to keep things moving and to keep positive when things became very complicated and slow. I appreciate your hard work and feel that it’s all been really worthwhile.”
International Infrastructure Firm – Chief Executive
“I approached the engagement of another firm with some strong reservations, bordering on cynicism about your industry! Your performance converted me. Your professionalism, organization, ideas and calmness showed through. You added significant value to the launch of our new identity and you were a pleasure to work with. You would rank 9 out of 10. Other firms we have dealt with would rank about minus 3 to plus 3. Thank you very much.”

 
CareersCommunications Consultants
SweeneyVesty is seeking outstanding communications professionals for our Auckland and Wellington offices.
We are looking for experienced candidates for roles as strategists, writers and client managers. You have worked in communications for a consultancy, business or corporate. You can think strategically, act decisively and communicate clearly. You have an informed business mind and can deliver superb content and counsel.
These are first-class professional career positions. Candidates will be articulate, hard-working, team players and focused solution providers. SweeneyVesty has a lively, likeable and purpose-inspired culture grounded in teamwork and personal integrity. We are known as experts who are committed to providing solutions to client needs and delivering meaningful and sustainable results.
SweeneyVesty, now in its 30th year, has offices in the USA, UK, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand. With this comes the stimulus of an international outlook and career opportunities. We work with leading businesses, corporations, organisations and individuals in the public and private sectors on communications programmes. These include thought leadership, strategy, audit and research, branding, marketing and consumer, financial transactions, stakeholder relations, employee engagement, reputation and issues management, and digital and social media. The delivery of these programmes ranges from an immediate response through to development and support of a long-term business strategy.
Please apply to Jane Vesty, ceo[@]sweeneyvesty[dot]com, subject: Communication Consultants.
Please send your curriculum vitae, examples of written work and the names of two referees.


 Auckland / Wellington / New York / Ohio / Sydney / London / Berlin / Singapore
Contact Us











Your Name (required)
 
Your Email (required)
 
Subject
 
Your Message
 







 



New York

View Larger Map 419 Park Avenue South
Suite 11.01
New York NY 10016
USA
Ph: +1 212 226 5105



London

View Larger Map 131-151 Great Titchfield Street
London, W1W 5BB
United Kingdom
Ph: +44 (0)20 3178 5710




Wellington

View Larger Map Level 7
99-105 Customhouse Quay
Wellington 6011
PO Box 940
Wellington 6140
New Zealand
Ph: +64 4 4999 111



Auckland

View Larger Map
Level 7, Tower 1
205 Queen Street
Auckland 1010
PO Box 10 5761
Auckland 1143
New Zealand
Ph: +64 9 309 1494




Sydney

View Larger Map Level 5, McArdle
192 Pitt Street
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Ph: +61 2 9891 0032



Berlin

View Larger Map
Elbestrasse 28/29
Berlin, 12045
Germany




Singapore

View Larger Map Level 6
137 Market Street
Singapore 048943
Ph: +65 9488 3704



Ohio


View Larger Map The Perch
45 E Lincoln Street
Columbus, OH 43215
USA
Ph: +1 614 725 0595



















