










 













 



















Creative Cloud for education | Educational institutions


















































We believe in the power of creative thinkers.


Adobe tools empower students to think creatively and communicate expressively, so they can turn their classroom ideas into college and career opportunities.









 Get instant access to free courses, workshops and teaching materials on the Adobe Education Exchange. 




Join now










Exceptional apps. Affordable options.
Adobe offers industry-leading solutions at a great value for everyone in education.






Students & teachers
Discounts for individual students and teachers.
Learn more ›






Schools & universities

A wide variety of flexible licensing options for classrooms, labs, departments and schools.
Learn more ›






Entire institutions

Customized pricing and licensing plans tailored to the needs of large institutions.  
Learn more ›











Cutting-edge creativity today. A competitive edge tomorrow.
Fostering creativity in the classroom helps students develop the critical thinking and collaboration skills they need to put them on the path to success.













Digital creativity is making a difference at Clemson University.
 
Watch the video ›













Creative Cloud is giving University of Utah student Jaden Holladay the tools to put his career on the fast track.
 
Watch the video ›




 
Recent studies show that 90% of Generation Z and millennial students want to be more creative and 78% of hiring managers believe creativity is required for economic growth.

Read the report ›








Free resources and inspiration at your fingertips.
Created by educators for educators, the Adobe Education Exchange is a free learning platform offering instant access to professional development, teaching materials, and other tools designed to ignite creativity in the classroom.
Join for free ›





Learn





Teach





Discuss





Connect





Certify your expertise




“The Adobe Education Exchange has opened a door to creativity that I didn’t know I had. I am creating and sharing more than I ever thought possible.”
 
— Shelly Maes, Educator, SWWC Service Cooperative
 








Bring the digital revolution to your institution.
Adobe's integrated cloud-based solutions can help transform educational institutions with digital innovations that enhance recruiting, engage and empower students, and improve operational efficiency and financial health.
Learn more ›







 

Creative Cloud
Give your students, faculty and staff the leading creative desktop apps plus connected mobile apps and services. Creative Cloud includes everything they need to create graphics, videos, web content, online portfolios and more.
 
Learn more › 







 

Marketing Cloud

Help your admissions, development, alumni, and athletic departments get deep marketing insights into their target audiences so they can build personalized campaigns and refine their content for maximum impact.
 
Learn more › 







 

Document Cloud

Create, review, sign and track critical documents — including financial aid forms, housing forms, transcripts, and faculty employment documents — from anywhere.
 
Learn more › 










Find the plan that fits your needs.






 

INDIVIDUAL STUDENTS, TEACHERS AND FACULTY


CLASSROOMS, LABS, DEPARTMENTS AND UNIVERSITIES


ENTIRE INSTITUTIONS

Products available
Creative Cloud for students and teachers
Creative Cloud for education and Acrobat Pro DC
Creative Cloud for enterprise, Document Cloud and Marketing Cloud
Plan features
Instant access to all 20+ apps in Creative Cloud and Acrobat DC

Your own portfolio website, premium fonts, and 20GB of cloud storage

Save 60% in your first year and 40% in your second year and beyond

Licenses available in any quantity for devices or named users

Easily assign, deploy, add, and remove
seats through the Admin Console

Transactional buying with
volume discounts

Institution wide named-user licensing

Manage and deploy to your entire
institution from your enterprise dashboard

Customized pricing based on your
institution's needs

 
 
Learn more
Buy now

 
Learn more
Buy now
or call 800-685-3638

 
Learn more 

or call 888-649-2990
 




































































































Creative Cloud for education | K–12 Schools















































Give your K–12 students the power to create bright futures.

Adobe Creative Cloud delivers the world's best creative apps — including Adobe Photoshop CC, Illustrator CC, and Premiere Pro CC — so students can master the digital skills they need to succeed in the classroom and in their careers.








 Get instant access to free courses, workshops and teaching materials on the Adobe Education Exchange.




Join Now













Individual teacher license
Save 60% on the entire collection of Creative Cloud apps.

 Loading.../year


Buy now


                        See terms › 
                    





School license
Requires 100-seat minimum purchase

US$25.00/seat/year

Call 800-685-3638



























 


Bring your lesson home with this engaging project.

Give your students a challenge they can relate to: Have them design a social media profile for someone they're studying in class. This creative project lets them imagine the life of a famous person, real or fictional, and demonstrate their understanding in a fun way. Lesson plan includes a template, tutorial, sample projects, and more.

Explore this and dozens of other lessons at Adobe for Teachers ›
























 


Set your students up for success with free Adobe mobile apps for Chromebooks.

With the increasing use of Chromebooks in education, we have released updated Android applications optimized for Chromebooks to help students harness their creativity. The mobile apps give students easy ways to create illustrations, graphics, layouts, and more — a great first step towardgrowing their creative and digital skills.
Users with Chromebooks that support Google Play Store apps can currently download six of the leading Creative Cloud apps for free, and more apps will be added to the Play Store at a later date.
Download the apps from the Google Play Store ›

















 
Creativity will play a critical role in the future workforce

We asked 2,500+ Gen Z students aged 11-17 and 1000+ Gen Z teachers to tell us how they feel about learning, creativity and the future. The Gen Z in the Classroom — Creating the Future report is available online to view all the findings.

View full report ›











 75% of students think they will be creating things in their future career.
  








 60% of teachers would like the teaching curriculum to evolve to better prepare students for the future workforce.






















 


Free teaching resources to ignite creativity in your classroom.

Adobe Education Exchange is an online community that offers free professional development and teaching materials to educators at all levels.
Join for free ›











 Need more info? Read the FAQ.




















 











Simple deployment and easy license management.

Adobe Creative Cloud comes with an Admin Console that makes it easy to manage licenses — whether you need to quickly add or delete users, assign licenses, assign products, or add administrators.










































What applications and services are available in Creative Cloud for education customers?
What applications and services are available in Creative Cloud for education customers?
Applications and services vary depending on your Creative Cloud licensing option. See the Education licensing overview for a comparison of applications and services.





What's the difference between a complete and single-app membership?
What's the difference between a complete and single-app membership?
A Creative Cloud for education complete plan includes all the Creative Cloud apps. A single-app plan gives users access to one app, such as Photoshop CC or Illustrator CC. Single-app customers on a named-user license will also have access to 20GB of storage and services such as the ability to sync, share, and collaborate with colleagues and the ability to create a customized online portfolio with Behance ProSite.





Can nonprofit customers purchase Creative Cloud through education licensing?
Can nonprofit customers purchase Creative Cloud through education licensing?
Yes, nonprofit customers are eligible to purchase both Creative Cloud for education named-user and device licenses, and may also be eligible under the ETLA. Contact your Adobe sales representative for more details. Note that individual Creative Cloud memberships do not qualify for nonprofit pricing.





Is there a special offering for primary and secondary schools customers through VIP?
Is there a special offering for primary and secondary schools customers through VIP?
Yes, In order to simplify purchasing of Creative Cloud, we launched the Adobe Primary and Secondary School Site License in October of 2015.





What are the top reasons to migrate from an Enterprise Education Agreement (EEA) to the new Adobe primary and secondary School Site License?
What are the top reasons to migrate from an Enterprise Education Agreement (EEA) to the new Adobe primary and secondary School Site License?

License Management
Primary and secondary schools site license entitlements and other VIP products all in the same administrative console
License control with centralized ability to de-activate and redeploy entitlements
WAH (work at home) usage managed centrally to ensure compliance
Term flexibility 
Flexible anniversary date so renewal can match budget
Multi-year procurement to accommodate customer needs
Communication
Automatic notifications for license renewal
Operational notifications
Product—Immediate access to product enhancements
Deployment—Ability to procure as many licenses as needed
Future enhancements—Immediate access to any future program or procurement improvements









BasicsBasics


Learn the Basics
Get up and running with these great tutorials. Start now ›




Ask the CommunityAsk the Community


Ask the Community
Post, discuss, and be a part of our community. Join now ›




Customer CareCustomer Care


Customer Care
We're here to help. Get support ›














Individual teacher license
Save 60% on the entire collection of Creative Cloud apps.

 Loading.../year


Buy now


                        See terms › 
                    





School license
Requires 100-seat minimum purchase

US$25.00/seat/year

Call 800-685-3638











Purchase by phone
800-685-3638



































Michael E. Sweeney

































































For the complete experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Thank you!

 







Products




How to Buy






Learn & Support




About Adobe









 

Creative Cloud





 

Photoshop





 

Illustrator





 

InDesign





 

Premiere Pro





 

After Effects





 

Lightroom





 

See all











See plans for: businesses photographers students









 

Experience Cloud





 

Advertising Cloud





 

Analytics Cloud





 

Marketing Cloud





 

See all solutions for enterprise











Experience Manager Campaign Analytics
Audience Manager









 

Document Cloud





 

Acrobat DC





 

Sign





 

Stock





 

Elements










 

Acrobat Reader DC





 

Adobe Flash Player





 

Adobe AIR





 

Adobe Shockwave Player












All products












 

Creative Cloud










 

Individuals





 

Photographers





 

Students and Teachers





 

Business





 

Schools and Universities










 

Creative Cloud





 

Experience Cloud





 

Document Cloud





 

Stock





 

Elements












All products












 

Get Support



Find answers quickly. Contact us if you need to. Start now >



 

Learn the apps



Get started or learn new ways to work. Learn now >



 

Ask the community



Post questions and get answers from experts. Start now >








Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. Our creative, marketing and document solutions empower everyone — from emerging artists to global brands — to bring digital creations to life and deliver them to the right person
                    at the right moment for the best results.






 


 About Us

 Newsroom

 Careers At Adobe

 Privacy

 Security



 Corporate Responsibility

 Customer Showcase

 Investor Relations

 Events

 Contact Us




































Preorder Estimated Availability Date. Your credit card will not be charged until the product is shipped. Estimated availability date is subject to change.
Preorder Estimated Availability Date. Your credit card will not be charged until the product is ready to download. Estimated availability date is subject to change.





							Qty: 
							









vat included




 







Subtotal













Promotions












Estimated shipping












Tax








                                    Calculated at checkout









Total













Review and Checkout

























							Education

/


							K-12

/





Education Leaders Program /
		Michael E. Sweeney












                            Michael E. Sweeney

                                    Learning and development facilitator

                                St. Petersburg, Florida


School affiliations

                                    Florida Center for Instructional Technology

                                     University of South Florida






                                    Websites and publications


Florida Center for Instructional Technology

Educational Technology Clearinghouse

Florida Digital Educators












                        		Page tools













Share on Facebook






Share on Twitter






Share on LinkedIn






Bookmark







Print














"The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly."
After spending 11 years working for Pinellas County Schools as a special education teacher and then technology specialist, Michael E. Sweeney joined the Florida Center for Instructional Technology at the University of South Florida. He has been doing instructional technology training for over 12 years for K-12 school districts and higher education institutions. Currently, he is leading teams of trainers around the state of Florida doing four-day Teaching and Learning Summer Institutes on the integration of technology into classroom curriculum. He has a Bachelor's degree in Behavior Disorder Education and a Master's degree in Instructional Technology and Design.
During his tenure at the Florida Center for Instructional Technology, Sweeney has provided training to Florida school districts on a range of Adobe software: Web Design with Dreamweaver®, Flash®, and Fireworks®; Digital Images in the Classroom with Photoshop® and Photoshop Elements; and Digital Video in the Classroom with Adobe Premiere® and Final Cut Pro. He also helps to develop dynamic websites using PHP, mySQL, and Filemaker Pro that provide digital assets for all teachers at no cost.
Working in conjunction with the Florida Department of Education, Sweeney has helped develop the Florida Digital Educator and Master Digital Educator Programs. With the use of Adobe Captivate®, Adobe Connect™, and Moodle, the center has gone beyond face-to-face training. He initiated online learning communities that would allow teachers from all over the state to work with national trainers on software, classroom management, and the integration of technology into their curriculum.
In his spare time at work, Sweeney is also the server administrator for the center's eight Mac OS X servers that include web servers, file servers, database servers, and the Adobe Connect server.
Sweeney enjoys photography and videography. If he has free time during daylight hours, he can be found rollerblading or biking one of the many trails in the St. Petersburg area.




















 



 Choose your region United States (Change)   Products   Downloads   Learn & Support   Company


 Choose your region Close 


Americas


Europe, Middle East and Africa


Asia Pacific



Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Latinoamérica
México
United States




Africa - English
Österreich - Deutsch
Belgium - English
Belgique - Français
België - Nederlands
България
Hrvatska
Cyprus - English
Česká republika
Danmark
Eesti
Suomi
France
Deutschland
Greece - English
Magyarország
Ireland
Israel - English
ישראל - עברית
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva
Luxembourg - Deutsch
Luxembourg - English
Luxembourg - Français
Malta - English
الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية
Middle East and North Africa - English
Moyen-Orient et Afrique du Nord - Français




Nederland
Norge
Polska
Portugal
România
Россия
Srbija
Slovensko
Slovenija
España
Sverige
Schweiz - Deutsch
Suisse - Français
Svizzera - Italiano
Türkiye
Україна
United Kingdom




Australia
中国
中國香港特別行政區
Hong Kong S.A.R. of China
India - English
日本
한국
New Zealand
Southeast Asia (Includes Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam) - English
台灣

Commonwealth of Independent States

Includes Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, Uzbekistan













Copyright © 2017 Adobe Systems Incorporated.  All rights reserved.
Terms of Use | Privacy | Cookies
AdChoices













































 




	SWEENEY RESEARCH Trademark of SWEENEY, MICHAEL E.. Serial Number: 76665974 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
SWEENEY RESEARCH










 
Get FREE email alerts













SWEENEY RESEARCH  Trademark Information
 SWEENEY, MICHAEL E.
CONSUMER/MARKETING RESEARCH INCLUDING COMMERICAL ETHNOGRAPHY AND QUALITATIVE RESEARCH




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
consumermarketing   research   including   commerical   ethnography   qualitative   research    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark by SWEENEY, MICHAEL E. 
                                in LONG ISLAND CITY, NY, 11104.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner SWEENEY, MICHAEL E. of the SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, September 13, 2006,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SWEENEY RESEARCH by 
                        SWEENEY, MICHAEL E., LONG ISLAND CITY, NY  11104.
                        The USPTO has given the SWEENEY RESEARCH 
                        trademark serial  number of  76665974.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for SWEENEY RESEARCH is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHAEL E. SWEENEY of 
                                            4135 45TH ST APT 5F,  SUNNYSIDE, NY 11104-1911,  
                                .
                            The SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SWEENEY RESEARCH 
                            is CONSUMER/MARKETING RESEARCH INCLUDING COMMERICAL ETHNOGRAPHY AND QUALITATIVE RESEARCH. 
                            





Word mark:
 SWEENEY RESEARCH


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

9/6/2007






  Serial Number:  
76665974


  Filing Date:  
9/13/2006


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
CONSUMER/MARKETING RESEARCH INCLUDING COMMERICAL ETHNOGRAPHY AND QUALITATIVE RESEARCH


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

SWEENEY, MICHAEL E.LONG ISLAND CITY, NY  11104
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MICHAEL E. SWEENEY
4135 45TH ST APT 5F
SUNNYSIDE, NY 11104-1911







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/15/2006


First Use In Commerce: 
8/15/2006





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/6/2007
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHAEL E. SWEENEY


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SWEENEY RESEARCH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search sweeneyresearch on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SWEENEY RESEARCH 




SWEENEY RESEARCH is providing CONSUMER/MARKETING RESEARCH INCLUDING COMMERICAL ETHNOGRAPHY AND QUALITATIVE RESEARCH.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Michael E Sweeney - Grafton, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Michael E Sweeney in Grafton, MA


Michael E Sweeney

                                                                           Intelius found that Michael E Sweeney  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Grafton, MA.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Mike J Sweeney


Get Report Now

Age

Michael E Sweeney is in his 50s

Michael Has Lived In

Grafton, MA
Hopkinton, MA
Blackstone, MA

Michael's Relatives

Kaitlin Sweeney
Janice Sweeney







Michael E Sweeney



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at Grafton Soccer Club



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Michael? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Michael, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Michael E Sweeney
Get a Criminal Check on Michael E Sweeney
Get a Public Record Report on Michael E Sweeney
Get a People Search Report on Michael E Sweeney


Michael E Sweeney's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Michael E Sweeney has lived as well as Michael E Sweeney's phone numbers and email addresses.




Michael E Sweeney Has Lived in 1 States
Massachusetts Address for Michael E Sweeney


42 C******* W** 

Grafton, MA


Has Lived In

Grafton, MA
Hopkinton, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Michael E Sweeney

(508) ***-**** - Grafton, MA 
(508) ***-**** - Hopkinton, MA 
(508) ***-**** - Hopkinton, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Michael E Sweeney

m************9@***.net


Get Email Report




Michael E Sweeney's Professional Information
Information regarding Michael E Sweeney's professional history.  Find out previous places Michael E Sweeney has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Michael E Sweeney Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Grafton Soccer Club
               Title: Board Member
Michael E Sweeney's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Grafton Soccer Club
Job Details
               The Grafton Soccer Club provides an opportunity for the youth of Grafton to participate and develop in the game of soccer within a fun and safe environment, promoting individual skills and fitness, team play, sportsmanship and a passion for the game. Our Mission is supported by 10 values or GUIDING PRINCIPLESÂ which form the basis for our club mangement. Our Philosophy - How come my son's U8 coach isn't teaching positions? Why are there only 6 players on the field in U10? When will the kids play 11v11 soccer? If you're wondering about why we do what we do in the GSC, please check out the GSC player development curricula on the Programs pages. Our Policies - To view our club policies in detail or learn more about us click on the documents to the left.
Additional Professional Information on Michael E Sweeney

 See Michael E Sweeney's LinkedIn Profile



Michael E Sweeney's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Michael E Sweeney


Michael E Sweeney's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Michael E Sweeney's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Michael Sweeney
Username Matches

                  MichaelSweeney
                  SweeneyMichael
                  Michael.Sweeney
                  Sweeney.Michael
                  Michael_Sweeney
                  Sweeney_Michael
                  Michael-Sweeney
                  Sweeney-Michael
                  MSweeney
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
M Sweeney







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Michael E Sweeney in Camas, WA 98607 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Washington
» Camas
» Concrete & Steel Contractors
» Michael E Sweeney













Michael E Sweeney


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





28416 Ne Reilly Rd  Camas, Washington 98607


(360) 210-7865


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Michael E Sweeney is located at the address 28416 Ne Reilly Rd in Camas, Washington 98607.  They can be contacted via phone at (360) 210-7865 for pricing, hours and directions.  Michael E Sweeney specializes in Basements, Custom Construction, Interior Work.  Michael E Sweeney has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Michael E Sweeney provides Design & Engineering, Financing Available, Asphalt Paving to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Michael E Sweeney view the map to the right.  For reviews of Michael E Sweeney see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Gravel
, Aggregates
, Saws
, Siding
, Brick Pavers
, Tractors
, Accessories
, Concrete
, Ready Mixed Concrete
, Steel



SERVICES


Asphalt Paving
, Design & Engineering
, Retaining Walls
, Installations
, Painting
, Repair Work
, Septic Systems
, Gravel
, Financing Available
, Coating / Sealing


 SPECIALTIES


Basement Floors
, Custom Construction
, Gutters
, Site Development
, Top Soil
, Interior Work
, Basements
, Bridges
, Waterfalls
, Culverts



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (360) 210-7865
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 110000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Concrete & Steel Contractors
Construction
Specialty Contractors



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Michael E Sweeney                                                                                                        - Camas                                             , WA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



Camas



Single-Family Housing Construction



New Construction, Single-family Houses



                            Michael E Sweeney
                                    



 





















M 


Michael E Sweeney                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



28416 NE REILLY RD CAMAS, WA 98607
Get Directions



(360) 210-7865
 





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,343.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries New Construction, Single-family Houses
 Contacts Michael E Sweeney                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2000 the company has been providing New Construction, Single-family Houses. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















About - Design-product Systems



































 









Twitter




LinkedIn


News & Publications
Career Resources
  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







About


 



Design Is In The Telling
Design-product Systems combines the creativity and intuition of natural storytelling with tech-savvy entrepreneurial vision. We have a 14-year track record of hands-on systems development and problem-solving work in a variety of industries.
Founded in 1997, Design-product Consulting and Marketing set out to help make design work more accessible, and design skills more marketable. We have helped practitioners capitalize on their design work to achieve overarching creative and business goals. Relaunched in 2007 as Design-product Systems, the company’s expanded scope of services includes solutions that simplify marketing activities to give design professionals, business owners, and marketers more time to do what they do best.  
Our Design Career Branding Services – personal branding for design industry professionals – help people at all career levels prepare for a job search, change career directions, or launch new ventures by refining their project and career stories to project a more targeted, efficient, and authentic professional image.
With each addition to the Boston skyline, the A/E/C industry is coming back. But new players, issues, and opportunities are remaking the landscape of our design economy. From traditional practices to interdisciplinary startups, Design-product Systems serves to give each its own expression, and ensure a prosperous future for all.
Design-product Systems is a Corporate Affiliate Member of the Boston Society of Architects,
and a Member of the Society of Marketing Professional Services, Boston Chapter.

 
 

Meet Michael Sweeney, CPSM
Founder and Principal
 

Michael Sweeney, CPSM, Founder and Principal, studied creative writing and architecture at Roger Williams University in Bristol, Rhode Island, receiving his Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree in 1994. He completed Boston University’s Applied Project Management Certificate Program in 2002, and has completed graduate-level courses in technology, entrepreneurship, and marketing. He has held public relations, project management, and client relations positions in several start-up and high-growth companies, and has been an active volunteer leader in several non-profit organizations. He also performs regularly as a stand-up and improv comedian, storyteller, and character monologist.
TwitterLinkedIn
 
 
See a full interview with Michael Sweeney in the SMPS Boston chapter’s Member Spotlight.
 



 
 
 


Praise for our work:
 
 
 



Mike helped us finalize a large proposal on a tight deadline for a next-level opportunity for our office. He clarified and streamlined our project team’s combined approach for this high-profile public project. Our proposal made a positive first impression, and the client has since awarded us other projects. Mike’s attention to detail and efficient storytelling has helped us introduce and position our small-but-growing office as knowledgeable partners in community building with public agencies, as well as integrate this capability into our branding and services.
Ray Dunetz, RLA
Principal, Ray Dunetz Landscape Architecture
 
 
 


Thank you for your valuable input on my résumé.  I revised my information and I feel recharged!
Karen Ostromecki, IIDA, NCIDQ
KO Interior Design
 
 

Mike demonstrated his depth and ability to follow me through my process and understand the complexities of my work. He was able to help me articulate my process as a tangible product with clear benefits. He has an outstanding ability to grasp nuances, find an accurate perspective, and refine language while keeping the tone authentic.
Irene Buchine
Positioning and Marketing Consultant, Irene Buchine Consulting
 
 
 


Posting member news to the recently-launched online FAME section of architects.org was a high-profile program. We couldn’t have met our deadlines without Mike’s valuable support.
Pamela de Oliveira-Smith
Communications Director, Boston Society of Architects
 
 

Michael is a tireless worker with an endless desire to know more and deliver more for the company.
Thomas Hickerson
Director of Development, Akaza Research LLC
 
 
 
 



Michael has contributed with an attention to detail and a desire to understand the bigger picture that has been invaluable in so many of our deadline-driven activities. He adroitly manages projects to completion with genuine concern for the welfare of research subjects and staff, and has helped me to effectively ezpand our project capacity.
J. Max Goodson, DDS, Ph.D
Director of Clinical Research, The Forsyth Institute
 
 
 


Your charts and graphs were excellent and really helped us determine which entry criteria needed to be amended in order to capture the population we needed for this study. I don’t believe we could have made these adjustments without the summary information you provided in the startup. Capturing the appropriate population right off, and making adjustments soon is what has really saved this project.
Terri Clark
Director of Clinical Affairs, Interleukin Genetics, Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 








Sweeney Michael E Associates Llc in Chicago, Illinois with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeChicago, ILSweeney Michael E Associates LlcChicago, IL Sweeney Michael E Associates LlcAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Michael E Sweeney & Assoc10 S La Salle StChicago, IL 60603(312) 849-2495Malpractice Law AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Sweeney, Michael E222 N La Salle StChicago, IL 60601(312) 704-3000AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. Michael E Sweeney221 N La Salle StChicago, IL 60601(312) 236-1400AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteServicesBusinesses in related categories to AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Work Comp Chicago, AttorneysBBB Rating: A+1 N Franklin StChicago, IL 60606(312) 541-0049Employee Benefits & Worker...WebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Work Comp Chicago, Attorneys. Lawyers in Illinois workers compensation work injury claims. Illinois Workers Compensation Attorneys. Serving Chicago and surroundin…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED5. Gregory K. Stern, PC53 W Jackson BlvdChicago, IL 60604(312) 982-8098Bankruptcy Law AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Are you tired of fighting creditors and worrying about overwhelming bills? You deserve a fresh start. The bankruptcy and foreclosure attorneys at the law office o…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED6. Shuman Marc J & AssociatesBBB Rating: A+105 W Adams StChicago, IL 60603(312) 422-0700Accident & Property Damage AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Marc J. Shuman & Associates, LTD is a personal injury law firm with experienced Personal Injury Lawyers who have proven track records of top legal representation …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED7. Nash Disability Law(1)8 S Michigan Ave Ste 1616Chicago, IL 60603(312) 443-0900Social Security & Disability Law...WebsiteYP AdDirectionsServicesMore Infowhen i called their office ,they talked to me understood my case and took me as a client ,they explained all the rules about my case and what they c…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. Marc J. Shuman & Associates LTD(2)105 W Adams StChicago, IL 60603(855) 201-8122General Practice AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMarc J Shuman & Associates, Ltd. and him staff are incredible. I was hit by a car on my scooter a year ago and Marc helped with all the legal troubl…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. Timothy R. White, Attorney At Law(1)BBB Rating: A+6832 W North AveChicago, IL 60707(708) 996-0454Social Security & Disability Law...WebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoWhen I needed help with my claim Mr. White was there to to assist and that to me was a great relief having  some one on my side with his knowledge a…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. Law Office of Thomas W. Drexler221 N La Salle St Ste 1600Chicago, IL 60601(312) 971-6562Bankruptcy ServicesAttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Suffering from credit or debt problems, including too much credit card debt, debt collector harassment, lawsuits, judgments, foreclosure, repossession or IRS tax …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. Kezy & AssociatesBBB Rating: A+55 W Monroe St Ste 3550Chicago, IL 60603(312) 379-8644Divorce AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesFrom Business: Experienced Family Law Firm Serving Orland Park, IL When disputes arise between family members that require legal attention, the help of an experienced family law…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED12. Law Offices Of Renee Meltzer Kalman PC(1)20 N Clark St Ste 1200Chicago, IL 60602(630) 686-1489Real Estate AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoYou want someone who knows what they are doing in this situation and they are very professional.  Certainly worth a phone call, I would recommend th…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection13. Theresa M. Malysa14315 108th Ave Ste 222Orland Park, IL 60467(708) 298-0934Divorce AttorneysFamily Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsFrom Business: Divorce is a time of stress and hardship no matter how civil it's proceeding. You need to be sure the divorce lawyer you choose is a professional, so your rights,…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. Litigators Incorporated PC825 Green Bay RdWilmette, IL 60091(847) 305-1992General Practice AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Litigators Inc. is a plaintiff's medical malpractice and personal injury firm serving the Chicago, IL, area. We focus primarily on medical and hospital care negli…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. Collins Robert C Jr850 Burnham AveCalumet City, IL 60409(708) 933-8103Estate Planning AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesFrom Business: Robert C. Collins Jr., has been practicing law in Calumet City, IL, for over 35 years. He is licensed to practice law in Illinois and Indiana as well. We want our…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. The Law Offices of John S. Eliasik180 N La Salle St Ste 3700Chicago, IL 60601(877) 875-7354Employee Benefits & Worker...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Have you been injured at work? Call now to speak with an experienced workers compensation attorney for a free case review.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Dworkin & Maciariello134 N La Salle StChicago, IL 60602(866) 312-7995Employee Benefits & Worker...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Have you been injured at work? Call now to speak with an experienced workers compensation attorney for a free case review.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. Immigration Law Office5240 W Irving Park RdChicago, IL 60641(877) 416-4390Immigration & Naturalization...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Call now to speak with an experienced immigration law attorney.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection19. Budin Law Offices(1)BBB Rating: A+1 N La Salle St Ste 2165Chicago, IL 60602(312) 377-0700AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoI and two more students were hit by a car in the cross walk in a school campus. I don't have any family or relatives in here so i contacted with one…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection20. Medical Legal Assistance3518 W Fullerton AveChicago, IL 60647(877) 892-9126Workers Compensation AssistanceWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: If you were physically injured while working, then you may be eligible to present a claim to your employer's "Worker's Compensation" insurance company, for compen…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Chitown Law LLC2207 W Chicago AveChicago, IL 60622(877) 820-3581Personal Property Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Chitown Law, LLC will provide you trusted and superior legal services in Chicago, IL. We have a team of professionals ready to assess your specific situation. Cal…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. Rosenthal and Associates PC55 W Wacker Dr Ste 900Chicago, IL 60601(877) 322-3011Wills, Trusts & Estate Planning...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Rosenthal and Associates PC are top Chicago, IL Estate-Planning-Attorneys who are committed to ensuring that your estate and wills are taken care of legally. Don'…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. William Newell Siebert, P.C.(1)307 N Michigan Ave Ste 924Chicago, IL 60601(877) 835-5927Immigration & Naturalization...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAll, We had an immigration case with Mr Siebert. he told us the chance we have to win is 100%. and on the first attempt immigration office didn't ac…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. eLocal LawyersServing the Chicago Area.(877) 328-5659Automobile Accident AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Have you or a loved one been injured in an accident? Call now for a free injury case review. There are no fees unless we win your case.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection25. Injury HelpLine®Serving the Chicago Area.(866) 400-6476Employee Benefits & Worker...WebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Categories: Personal Injury, Auto Accident Attorney and other Vehicle Accident General Info Get connected to a local attorney for free. If you have been injured i…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection26. Personal Injury PlaceServing the Chicago Area.(866) 655-8223Personal Injury Law AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Free personal injury case evaluation + Free case review by a local attorney+ Find out if you can get compensation for your injury+ 100% confidential and no obliga…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection27. The Tax Resolvers©Serving the Chicago Area.(866) 779-3904Tax AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: The Tax Resolvers © solves tax problems!We specialize in working directly with the IRS to resolve back taxes and the problems associated. We can negotiate tax lie…Sponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredGoldman & Associates, LLC8 S Michigan Ave Ste 3500, Chicago, IL 60603(708) 755-6555WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoWork Comp Chicago, Attorneys1 N Franklin St, Chicago, IL 60606(312) 541-0049WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoSidney H. Axelrod33 N La Salle St, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 883-5203DirectionsMore InfoBurnes and Libman(1)2 N La Salle St Ste 600, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 726-6500WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHorn & Kelley, PC, Attorneys at Law10336 S Western Ave, Chicago, IL 60643(708) 614-8833Social Security Disability AttorneysWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoDavid L. Yanoff, Attorney At Law33 N La Salle St Ste 3350, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 620-1402WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoShapiro Donald A limited-180 N La Salle St, Chicago, IL 60601(224) 424-3383WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLawrence & Morris Attorneys At Law(1)2835 N Sheffield Ave, Chicago, IL 60657(773) 880-2414Effective Legal Counsel & Business Guidance.WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoDonald A Shapiro Limited180 N La Salle St Ste 1801, Chicago, IL 60601(312) 234-0691Personal Injury & Medical Malpractice Law Firm.WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoMichael H. Erde & Associates, PC4801 W Peterson Ave, Chicago, IL 60646(773) 492-2283Simple. Clear. Straightforward.WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoLannon Lannon & Barr(3)200 N La Salle St Ste 2820, Chicago, IL 60601(312) 801-4110DirectionsMore InfoTarick S Loutfi211 W Wacker Dr, Chicago, IL 60606(312) 883-9199WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaw Offices of Alexander T. Muhtaris, LLC233 S Wacker Dr Ste 5210, Chicago, IL 60606(312) 281-6564DirectionsMore InfoPower Rogers & Smith, L.L.P.70 W Madison St Ste 5500, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 267-0407WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMcKenna Storer33 N La Salle St Ste 1400, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 558-3900WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoSmoler Law Office205 W Randolph St Ste 1750, Chicago, IL 60606(312) 985-0311WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoElizabeth J Kennedy444 N Michigan Ave, Chicago, IL 60611(708) 573-0190DirectionsMore InfoLaw Offices Of John B. Schwartz & Associates55 W Monroe St, Chicago, IL 60603(312) 614-1197Get Experienced Lawyers Fighting For You.WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoLaw Office Of Julie A Monberg1525 E 53rd St, Chicago, IL 60615(773) 752-7660Denied Social Security Disability Benefits?WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoDonald A. LeBoyer, Attorney at Law(1)221 N La Salle St, Chicago, IL 60601(224) 541-0696WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoPeople's Law Office(1)1180 N Milwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL 60642(224) 279-1583WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMcKenna Storer33 N La Salle St, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 574-3438WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoPower Rogers & Smith, P.C.70 W Madison St Fl 55, Chicago, IL 60602(312) 999-0295Chicago's top personal injury law firm.WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGoldman & Associates, LLC8 S Michigan Ave Ste 3500, Chicago, IL 60603(708) 755-6555Hire An Attorney You Can Trust!WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoTurner Phillip A Law Office115 S La Salle St Ste 2600, Chicago, IL 60603(312) 275-1878WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFriedman And Solmor Ltd200 N La Salle St, Chicago, IL 60601(224) 404-0510DirectionsMore InfoThe Reese Law Center, LLC734 Ridge Rd, Homewood, IL 60430(708) 914-4570Experienced Attorneys You Can Trust.WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoPonticelli & Vito Attorneys at Law(1)1480 Renaissance Dr Ste 209, Park Ridge, IL 60068(708) 943-7975WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoKenneth J. Allen Law Group15255 S 94th Ave Ste 500, Orland Park, IL 60462(708) 675-8270WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGoodman Daniel E9701 W Higgins Rd, Rosemont, IL 60018(847) 481-6139WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
