    Caesar Sweitzer | Crown Holdings , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 





Caesar F Sweitzer - Chatham, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Caesar F Sweitzer in Chatham, NJ


Caesar F Sweitzer

                                                                           Intelius found that Caesar F Sweitzer  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Chatham, NJ.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Caesar P Sweitzer


Get Report Now

Age

Caesar F Sweitzer is in his 60s

Caesar Has Lived In

Chatham, NJ
Philadelphia, PA
Fair Play, CO

Caesar's Relatives

Ceasar Sweitzer
Emily Sweitzer
Charles Sweitzer
Peggy Sweitzer







Caesar F Sweitzer



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Senior Advisor at Citi



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Caesar? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Caesar, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Caesar F Sweitzer
Get a Criminal Check on Caesar F Sweitzer
Get a Public Record Report on Caesar F Sweitzer
Get a People Search Report on Caesar F Sweitzer


Caesar F Sweitzer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Caesar F Sweitzer has lived as well as Caesar F Sweitzer's phone numbers and email addresses.




Caesar F Sweitzer Has Lived in 5 States
New Jersey Address for Caesar F Sweitzer


9 R**** R* 

Chatham, NJ


Has Lived In

Chatham, NJ
Philadelphia, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Caesar F Sweitzer

(973) ***-**** - Chatham, NJ 
(719) ***-**** - Alma, CO 
(201) ***-**** - Chatham, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Caesar F Sweitzer

c*************r@***.com


Get Email Report




Caesar F Sweitzer's Professional Information
Information regarding Caesar F Sweitzer's professional history.  Find out previous places Caesar F Sweitzer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Caesar F Sweitzer Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Citi
               Title: Senior Advisor
Company: Crown Holdings , Inc.
               Title: Board Member
Caesar F Sweitzer's Experience
Title: Senior Advisor
               Company: Citi
Job Details
               Citi, the leading global financial services company, has some 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 100 countries, providing consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, and wealth management. Citi's major brands include Citibank, CitiFinancial, Primerica, Smith Barney, Nikko and Banamex.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Crown Holdings , Inc.
Job Details
               Headquartered in Philadelphia, PA, Crown Holdings, Inc. is a leading manufacturer of packaging products for consumer marketing companies around the world. Crown makes a wide range of metal packaging for food, beverage, household and personal care and industrial products and metal vacuum closures and caps. As of December 31, 2015, Crown operated 147 plants located in 37 countries, employing approximately 24,000 people.
Additional Professional Information on Caesar F Sweitzer

 See Caesar F Sweitzer's LinkedIn Profile



Caesar F Sweitzer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Caesar F Sweitzer


Caesar F Sweitzer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Caesar F Sweitzer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Caesar Sweitzer
Username Matches

                  CaesarSweitzer
                  SweitzerCaesar
                  Caesar.Sweitzer
                  Sweitzer.Caesar
                  Caesar_Sweitzer
                  Sweitzer_Caesar
                  Caesar-Sweitzer
                  Sweitzer-Caesar
                  CSweitzer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Sweitzer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Caesar F Sweitzer, 67  - Chatham, NJ | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 CS


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Caesar Sweitzer
 Chatham, NJ
 Age: 67 -
								05/15/1950






AKA:
                                                Caeser F Sweitzer, Caesar F Sweitzer, Caesar S Sweitzer













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids







                                    Democrat Party









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Caesar










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











*** **** Rd


Chatham, NJ 07928







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Chatham
, NJ.

 is related to
                Charles Sweitzer.
        















About & Contact Information


Caesar's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Chatham
, NJ.

 is related to
                Charles Sweitzer.
        
Views & Opinions

Marriage Equality Supporter
Second Amendment Supporter






Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
*** **** Rd
Chatham, NJ
View Address


Past Address
40*** **** St




New York
, NY
View Address







    Caesar may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Caesar's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Caesar may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Caesar may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Caesar may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Caesar may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Caesar may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Caesar's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Caesar may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Caesar may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Caesar's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Caesar Sweitzer's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Caesar










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Caesar may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Caesar. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Caesar may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Caesar may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Caesar may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Caesar may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 CS

Charles Sweitzer

                                            Chicago, IL



 PS

Peggy Sweitzer

                                            Chatham, NJ




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Caesar may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Caesar build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Caesar Sweitzer
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Caesar's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Caesar have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Caesar
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Caesar

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Caesar

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Caesar?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Caesar Sweitzer?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Caesar 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Caesar .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Caesar Sweitzer
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Caesar Sweitzer's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Caesar's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Caesar Sweitzer











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Caesar



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Caesar Sweitzer











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 28 15:36:35 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 










CCK Caesar F. Sweitzer Insider Trades for Crown Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Crown Holdings Inc.

                  NYSE: CCK
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Crown Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 6:20 p.m.


CCK

/quotes/zigman/320297/composite


$
58.92




Change

+0.03
+0.05%

Volume
Volume 142,036
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/320297/composite
Today's close

$
			59.21
		


$
				58.89
			
Change

-0.32
-0.54%





Day low
Day high
$58.77
$59.30










52 week low
52 week high

            $51.57
        

            $60.96
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Caesar F. Sweitzer



Mr. Caesar F. Sweitzer is Independent Director at Crown Holdings, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Crown Holdings, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/28/2017
539


 
Award at $55.72 per share.


30,033


02/13/2017
567


 
Award at $52.99 per share.


30,045


10/28/2016
551


 
Award at $54.47 per share.


30,012


07/29/2016
564


 
Award at $53.26 per share.


30,038


04/29/2016
558


 
Award at $53.76 per share.


29,998


02/12/2016
669


 
Award at $44.87 per share.


30,018


10/28/2015
568


 
Award at $52.85 per share.


30,018


07/29/2015
589


 
Award at $50.95 per share.


30,009


04/27/2015
548


 
Award at $54.75 per share.


30,003


02/19/2015
545


 
Award at $50.49 per share.


27,517


10/27/2014
583


 
Award at $47.25 per share.


27,546


07/30/2014
572


 
Award at $48.13 per share.


27,530


04/28/2014
584


 
Award at $47.15 per share.


27,535





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John W. Conway 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Timothy J. Donahue 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Gerard H. Gifford 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Thomas A. Kelly 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Daniel A. Abramowicz 
EVP-Corporate Technology & Regulatory Affairs




Mr. Didier Michel  Sourisseau 
President-Crown Europe




Mr. Djalma  Novaes 
President-Americas Division




Mr. Robert H. Bourque 
President-Asia Pacific Division




Mr. Christopher A. Blaine 
Vice President-Risk Management




Mr. Michael J. Rowley 
Assistant Secretary & Assistant General Counsel




Mr. Torsten J. Kreider 
Vice President-Planning & Development




Mr. Kevin C. Clothier 
Treasurer & Vice President




Mr. Joseph C. Pearce 
Vice President-Tax




Mr. David A. Beaver 
Vice President & Controller




Mr. Thomas T. Fischer 
VP-Investor Relations & Corporate Affairs




Mr. Michael F. Dunleavy 
VP-Corporate Affairs & Public Relations




Mr. Adam J. Dickstein 
Secretary & Assistant General Counsel




Mr. William T. Gallagher 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Ms. Rose  Lee 
Independent Director




Mr. Hans-Jörg  Löliger 
Independent Director




Mr. Arnold W. Donald 
Independent Director




Mr. Caesar F. Sweitzer 
Independent Director




Mr. James H. Miller 
Independent Director




Mr. Jim L. Turner 
Independent Director




Dr. Jenne K. Britell 
Independent Director




Mr. William G. Little 
Independent Director




Mr. Josef Meinrad Mueller 
Independent Director




Mr. William S. Urkiel 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:36 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Caesar F. Sweitzer - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Caesar F. Sweitzer
Board Member at Crown Holdings Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Caesar F. Sweitzer? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Caesar F. Sweitzer's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Caesar F. Sweitzer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Caesar F. Sweitzer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Caesar F. Sweitzer through your network of contacts.
												








Caesar F. Sweitzer's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Crown Holdings Inc.


Past
To view Caesar F. Sweitzer's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 
 


Caesar F. Sweitzer's Biography




			Mr. Sweitzer spent over 35 years in finance, primarily as an investment banker focusing on industrial companies.  Mr. Sweitzer brings to the Board significant knowledge of the global packaging industry as well as finance and investment matters, such as acquisitions, dispositions and corporate finance.  Mr. Sweitzer's experience qualifies him as an "audit committee financial expert" within the meaning of the SEC regulations, and he serves on the Audit Committee.
		
Source: Crown Holdings Inc. on 03/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Caesar F. Sweitzer's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Caesar F. Sweitzer. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Caesar F. Sweitzer's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Caesar F. Sweitzer's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Caesar F. Sweitzer through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Caesar F. Sweitzer


















Caesar F. Sweitzer's Connections (86)





Sign up now to view Caesar F. Sweitzer's 86 connections »









Jack W. Eugster
Board Member, Graco Inc.









Arnold W. Donald
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Carnival









Catherine J. Paglia
Board Member, Valmont Industries, Inc.









James H. Miller
Board Member, Crown Holdings Inc.









Jeffery M. Jackson
Board Member, Rent-A-Center, Inc.









Jack W. Schuler
Lead Independent Director, Stericycle, Inc.









Sara L. Hays
Board Member, Apogee Enterprises, Inc.









Jenne K. Britell
Former Board Member, Crown Holdings Inc.









William S. Urkiel
Board Member, Crown Holdings Inc.









Alan R. Bauer
Former Group President of the Direct Business, The Progressive Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Caesar F. Sweitzer : Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:36 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Citigroup CIB



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Caesar F. Sweitzer   Managing Director, Citigroup CIBAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships----
Background

		Mr. Caesar F. Sweitzer is a Managing Director at Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. He is also a Trustee of Carleton College. Prior to his appointment there, he was associate vice president of Dean Witter Reynolds and a trader with First Trust Corporation of Denver. He first joined Carleton’s board of trustees in 1997 and served until 2000 as the 25th Reunion trustee. He earned his B.A. in sociology from Carleton in 1972, magna cum laude and with distinction in his major. He ... holds an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Sweitzer has been an active volunteer at Carleton—he has donated time to the College’s Career Center, meeting with students interested in investment banking and recruiting for Saloman Smith Barney on campus. He also served on the Carleton Alumni Board from 1987 to 1989. He lives in Chatham, N.J.; his wife, Peggy, is a 1971 graduate of Carleton, his daughter, Emily, is a 2002 graduate and his son, Charlie, is a member of Carleton’s Class of 2006.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
399 Park AvenueNew York, New York 10043United StatesPhone: 212-559-1000Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeCarleton College
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Carleton College


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Citigroup CIB, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Caesar F. Sweitzer - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















Caesar F. Sweitzer

Age : 66Public asset : 443,691 USDLinked companies :  Crown Holdings, Inc. 





Summary 



Mr. Caesar F. Sweitzer is on the Board of Directors at Crown Holdings, Inc. Mr. Sweitzer was previously employed as a Managing Director by Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.



Current positions of Caesar F. Sweitzer 









 NameTitle
Since
 Crown Holdings, Inc.(Non-Paper Containers & Packaging)
Independent Director
2014



Holdings of Caesar F. Sweitzer 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Non-Paper Containers & Packaging 7,4370.0055%443,691 USD



Caesar F. Sweitzer: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

James H. Miller Crown Holdings, Inc. 

Arnold Donald Crown Holdings, Inc. 

Timothy J. Donahue Crown Holdings, Inc. 

Thomas A. Kelly Crown Holdings, Inc. 

Gerard H. Gifford Crown Holdings, Inc. 

John W. Conway Crown Holdings, Inc. 

William G. Little Crown Holdings, Inc. 

Jim L. Turner Crown Holdings, Inc. 

William S. Urkiel Crown Holdings, Inc. 

Jenne K. Britell Crown Holdings, Inc. 




Most Read News 




07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



07/28DJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



07/28 CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



07/28DJELON MUSK : Top Company News of the Day



07/22DJWILBUR ROSS : More Cross-Border Commerce



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








Caesar F. Sweitzer : Connections 



 Crown Holdings, Inc.









James H. MillerArnold DonaldTimothy J. DonahueThomas A. KellyGerard H. GiffordJohn W. ConwayWilliam G. LittleJim L. TurnerWilliam S. UrkielJenne K. Britell




 AES Corp









James H. Miller




 Quest Diagnostics Inc









Jenne K. Britell




 United Rentals, Inc.









Jenne K. Britell




 Bank of America Corp









Arnold Donald




 Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.









James H. Miller




 Roadrunner Transportation Systems Inc









William S. Urkiel




 Carnival Corp









Arnold Donald




 Comstock Resources Inc









Jim L. Turner




 Dean Foods Co









Jim L. Turner




 PPL Corp









John W. Conway




 Carnival plc









Arnold Donald




U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation
                                            








William G. Little





Merisant Co.
                                            








Arnold Donald





Cruise Lines International Association, Inc.
                                            








Arnold Donald





JLT Automotive
                                            








Jim L. Turner





Insurica Insurance Management Network
                                            








Jim L. Turner





Holtec International, Inc.
                                            








James H. Miller





Allentown Symphony Association
                                            








James H. Miller





Edison Electric Institute
                                            








James H. Miller





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

William Ackman
Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Michael Dell
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
Terry Gou
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Maurice Lévy
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave





