
Brian Swette Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017
























Brian Swette - Person - Julie Ann Wrigley Global Institute of Sustainability





































































Skip to Content























Sign In / Sign Out


Sign In



Menu


ASU Home

News/Events
Academics
Research
Athletics
Alumni
Giving
President
About ASU


My ASU

Colleges & Schools

Arts and Sciences
Business
Design and the Arts
Education
Engineering
Future of Innovation in Society
Graduate
Health Solutions
Honors
Journalism
Law
Nursing and Health Innovation
Public Service and Community Solutions
Sustainability
University College
Thunderbird School of Global Management



Map & Locations

Map
Tempe
West
Polytechnic
Downtown Phoenix
Online and Extended
Lake Havasu
Skysong
Research Park
Washington D.C.
China


Directory









Search


Search
























Menu














Julie Ann Wrigley Global Institute of Sustainability











   Home / Person / Brian Swette    















Brian Swette
            President, Sweet Earth Natural Foods
            Member, Board of Directors of the Julie Ann Wrigley Global Institute of Sustainability at ASU









Biography
Education




Brian Swette serves as President of California-based Sweet Earth Natural Foods; plant-based, farm-friendly foods sold at food stores throughout the country. He currently serves on the board of Shutterfly and Care.com, and also served as the Chariman of Burger King. Formerly the Chief Operating Officer of eBay, Mr. Swette oversaw its international expansion, marketing, customer support, and category innovation.
Prior to joining eBay, Mr. Swette was executive vice president and chief marketing officer for Pepsico. During his 17-year tenure, he was responsible for the worldwide advertising, promotion, and product innovation efforts of all Pepsi-Cola brands. Previously, Mr. Swette worked as a brand manager at Procter & Gamble.  Mr. Swette has also been a board member of Endeavor.org, which supports high-impact entrepreneurs in developing countries and which Tom Friedman calls "the best anti-poverty program of all."
Recognizing the necessity for continuous research and development of cutting edge sustainability-related technology, Mr. Swette has established the Swette Strategic Investment Fund at ASU. The Swette Strategic Investment Fund is intended to play a project and program development role for the Julie Ann Wrigley Global Institute of Sustainability. Through the identification of specific technological approaches poised for scientific breakthroughs, the Fund will target projects of three to five year duration that require a reliable stream of pilot results in order to successfully compete for larger federal and industrial grants.  



            BS, Economics, Arizona State University
          



















 


Contact Us 
Facebook Twitter LinkedInYoutubeVimeoRSS 
Contribute

Solve  


Programs
Partnerships
What ASU is Doing
Campus


Engage  


Events
What You Can Do
Contact Us
Internal Resources


Educate  


School of Sustainability
Education
Resources
News


Research  


Expert Search
All Research
Research Themes
Sustainability Scientists & Scholars


 












ASU is #1 in the U.S. for Innovation















Copyright & Trademark
Accessibility
Privacy
Jobs
Emergency
Contact ASU



















































Brian Swette - Sweet Earth Enlightened Foods





































































< to blog home
from the blog


  
Brian Swette













































Brian T. Swette - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Brian T. Swette
Former Board Member at Care.com, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Brian T. Swette? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brian T. Swette's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brian T. Swette's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brian T. Swette's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brian T. Swette through your network of contacts.
												








Brian T. Swette's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Care.com, Inc.


Past
To view Brian T. Swette's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Arizona State University


Age
63

 
 


Brian T. Swette's Biography



Brian T. Swette has served on our Board of Directors since September 2009 and as Interim Chairman of the Board from June 2016 through February 2017. Mr. Swette served as a director of Burger King Holdings, Inc., the world's second largest fast food hamburger restaurant chain, from 2002 to 2011 and served as Burger King's Non-Executive Chairman from 2006 to 2011. Previously, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of eBay Inc., an online commerce company, from 1998 to 2002. Prior to eBay, Mr. Swette was Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Pepsi-Cola (now PepsiCo Inc.). Mr. Swette currently serves as the President of Sweet  ...
(Read More)

			Brian T. Swette has served on our Board of Directors since September 2009 and as Interim Chairman of the Board from June 2016 through February 2017. Mr. Swette served as a director of Burger King Holdings, Inc., the world's second largest fast food hamburger restaurant chain, from 2002 to 2011 and served as Burger King's Non-Executive Chairman from 2006 to 2011. Previously, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of eBay Inc., an online commerce company, from 1998 to 2002. Prior to eBay, Mr. Swette was Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer of Pepsi-Cola (now PepsiCo Inc.). Mr. Swette currently serves as the President of Sweet Earth Natural Foods, a food & beverage company that specializes in handcrafted vegetarian foods. Mr. Swette also currently serves on the board of directors of Care.com, Inc., an Internet care services company, as well as on the boards of directors of privately held companies. From 2006 to 2014, Mr. Swette previously served on the board of directors of Jamba, Inc., a retail beverage company. Mr. Swette holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Arizona State University. Mr. Swette brings to the Board his marketing, strategy and management experience as well as significant knowledge of Internet companies and consumer industries. In addition to his marketing skills, Mr. Swette's experience building fast-growth e-commerce businesses brings a unique and relevant perspective to our Board and management.
		
Source: Shutterfly, Inc. on 04/21/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brian T. Swette's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Brian T. Swette. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brian T. Swette's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brian T. Swette's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brian T. Swette through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Brian T. Swette


















Brian T. Swette's Connections (191)





Sign up now to view Brian T. Swette's 191 connections »









Lesley H. Howe
Board Member, NuVasive, Inc.









Matthew J. Bannick
Former President, eBay International, eBay Inc.









Wences Casares
Board Member, PayPal Holdings, Inc.









Julie S. Washington
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing and Innovation Officer, Jamba Juice Company, Jamba, Inc.









Michael R. Jacobson
Former Senior Vice President, Legal Affairs, General Counsel and Secretary, eBay Inc.









Sandra S. Wijnberg
Former Board Member, Johnson Controls International plc









Linda Rottenberg
Board Member, Zayo Group Holdings, Inc.









Steven S. Reinemund
Board Member, Marriott International, Inc.









Margaret C. Whitman
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company









Henry T. Stansbury
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Intuit Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 


Why These Former Burger King and Pepsi Execs Ditched Meat To Bet on Plant-Based Protein | One Green Planet	


































































































































Follow @onegreenplanet









About Us
 

About One Green Planet
Join Our Team
Share a Recipe
Feature a Product
Submit a Post
Advertising
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Report a Problem
©2017 One Green Planet LLC


Search
DOWNLOAD FOOD MONSTER APP
Get our Newsletter!





 

Search






					 
				


Welcome Green Monsters! We're your online guide to making conscious choices that help people, animals and the planet.					

Download food monster: the biggest, baddest, yummiest vegan food app!









single












SUBSCRIBE TO OUR Newsletter






DOWNLOAD FOOD MONSTER: The biggest, baddest, yummiest vegan food app!










 Why These Former Burger King and Pepsi Execs Ditched Meat To Bet on Plant-Based Protein







 201
Total Shares



LIKE OGP ON FACEBOOK :


















































                            Nil Zacharias: Co-founder & Editor-in-Chief, One Green Planet                        


February 16, 2015
 













I sensed it the moment I stepped inside Sweet Earth Natural Food’s 35,000 square foot facility in Moss Landing, California. It was almost instant, undeniable and omnipresent. I’m not referring to the smell of spicy hickory and sage smoked “Benevolent Bacon” and burritos lingering in the air (although, that was great too). What I’m talking about is a positive vibe that encapsulates the place and the people that work there. I wondered, was it the quintessential California location? After all, Sweet Earth is located along an idyllic stretch of Highway One on the California central coast, one of the most abundant agricultural regions in the world, with the crashing waves of the Pacific Ocean merely a stone’s throw away.
Or was there more to it?
 
Sweet Earth’s website proclaims that the most important ingredients are ones they don’t list on the package, “sweet vibes,” “rolling surf,” and “pure sunshine.” Within minutes spent at Sweet Earth’s HQ, it became clear that the “sweet vibes” was not just clever branding by a couple of seasoned marketing executives (COO Brian Swette was Board Chairman of Burger King, CMO at Pepsi and COO at EBay, and CEO Kelly Swette held senior marketing roles at Calvin Klein and Pepsi). From the smiling employees to the energy and enthusiasm of the Swette’s themselves, this place seemed genuinely infused with positivity and passion for food.
From the Labs of Burger King and Pepsi to the Farms of California
Wikimedia 
“We value tradition over science,” said the Swette’s, as they explained the philosophy behind what Sweet Earth is trying to do. Not words you would expect from a couple that built their very successful careers in companies like Burger King and Pepsi (both giant food corporations that grew their bottom line without much regard for the environment or human health). But the way the Swette’s see it, everything they did in their careers and their lives before Sweet Earth, lead up to this very moment.
They realized that something had to change in the food industry, and they could either wait for it to happen or help to propel the change themselves. Brian has always been interested in sustainability (he is on the Board of Directors of Arizona State University’s Global Institute of Sustainability), and Kelly, on the other hand, was passionate about nutrition, health, and food. So, three years ago, this husband and wife team decided to combine these interests and dedicate their energy to Sweet Earth, which they proudly refer to as their “legacy project.”
The emphasis on sweet vibes and real foods could easily mislead some into believing that Sweet Earth is merely the couple’s way of giving back, after incredibly successful careers in the corporate world. And while creating products that are environmentally friendly and nutritious is what drives the Swette’s, the natural and plant-based food space also happens to be going through an incredible phase of growth.
As the leading online publication on the forefront of the conscious consumerism and sustainable food movements, we here at One Green Planet have written extensively about this growth, and how we are in the midst of an important shift that will forever transform the future of food, in America, and potentially across the world. Conscious consumerism, with food choices at the fore, is not just challenging outmoded food habits and trends, but currently redefining entire industries. We get millions of visitors flocking to One Green Planet every month, hungry to learn about how to make healthier and more sustainable food choices, and we know this is just indicative of a much larger trend.
Meat consumption in the U.S. has been in steady decline over the past few decades, driven by reasons ranging from health, concerns over animal welfare, to environmental factors. Recent studies estimate that nearly one-third of Americans (roughly 100 million people) are consciously choosing to keep meat off their plates more often, and millennials are transforming the American consumer marketplace by demanding fresh, healthy and plant-based options. Yet, Americans want more protein in their diets, so the question is, how are they getting this while keeping meat off their plates? You guessed it! Products offered by companies like Sweet Earth Naturals, Beyond Meat and others. So, while Sweet Earth’s food may be the antithesis of what Burger King and Pepsi have been selling to the public for years, the company’s mission still makes very good business sense.
The Future of Protein
npr.org 
Meat (at least the kind that actually comes from an animal) and other animal products are starting to face some stiff competition in the grocery aisles. From plant-based products that aspire to replicate the exact taste and texture of meat, to test-tube burgers, and even veggie burgers that bleed, the race is undoubtedly on to develop the protein of the future. 
Venture Capitalists are pumping millions of dollars into businesses that are trying to make good on the promise of recreating the taste, texture and nutrition of animal meat, minus all the health problems, environmental destruction, and cruelty. My recent conversations with Ethan Brown from Beyond Meat, Josh Tetrick from Hampton Creek, and now the Swette’s have only further solidified my belief that we are collectively not just part of a new trend or a passing fad, but a real movement. By having the ability to influence and shape the food choices of millions of Americans, we stand at the precipice of a tremendous opportunity, one that offers us a real glimmer of hope for a more sustainable and healthy future. 
Sweet Earth is playing a part in this movement in their own unique way. “We’re not trying to create fake foods” explains Brian, “We want to focus on authentic ancient proteins that stand the test of time.”
Sweet Earth’s products feature combinations of nutrient-dense vegetables, protein-rich grains, seeds and legumes, all topped with herbs and exotic spices like Za’atar. “We have a passion for cooking and want to take people on culinary adventures,” says Kelly “that’s why we incorporate bold, global flavors that can surprise and delight people who are yearning for high quality healthier alternatives that don’t compromise on taste.” 
I tried a few of their products and noticed that protein is a dominant nutrient, and a focus on flavor seems to be a consistent theme. Their “Righteous Meats” product line includes an array of interesting plant-based protein options (in fact, their Tuscan Savory Grounds are one of the most flavorful plant-based grounds I’ve tasted!), but what I found especially interesting is that Sweet Earth’s frozen burritos are currently their most popular product. The breakfast foods market is undergoing a significant (and much-needed) shift at the moment, as consumers move away from sugary cereals and processed carbs to foods that are convenient to eat on-the-go, and high in healthy protein. Armed with breakfast burritos, Sweet Earth has a very exciting opportunity to disrupt the entire category (projected to reach $15.7 Billion by 2017).
Winning Hearts and Tastebuds in the Grocery Aisles
The Swette’s are onto something. Not only do they understand that Americans’ interest in global flavors is increasing, they know that consumers want leaner, healthier, greener protein sources in convenient packages.
While we should continue to encourage people to slow down, shop for fresh produce, and prepare home-cooked meals, the reality is that in today’s faced paced world, convenience is indispensable. But what if every time someone tried to make a convenient choice, they didn’t have to compromise on taste or nutrition? Imagine the impact on the health of our nation, where 35 percent of the population are obese and 68 percent are overweight. Imagine the impact on the environment.
Kelly Swette acknowledges that their goal is incredibly challenging, but believes that Sweet Earth’s authentic commitment to offering real, flavorful, nutrient-dense foods at an affordable price point makes them tough to beat in the packaged food space.

 
Sweet Earth seems to be in the early stages of its evolution from a laid back natural food company to a national food brand, but how easy will that leap be? In other words, can Sweet Earth really help transform people’s perceptions of food, their eating habits, and their health? Moreover, can they stay true to their focus on simplicity and  sustainability, and yet become a real contender in the future of the food industry? 
There’s no debating that the future of food will be shaped by companies that are bold enough to try, and my guess is with the Swette’s at the helm, and “sweet vibes” under their sails, Sweet Earth undoubtedly stands a fighting chance.
Lead image source: Sweet Earth Natural Foods


DO YOU HAVE A BUSINESS THAT IS A GAME CHANGER IN THE SUSTAINABILITY SPACE? WANT TO BE FEATURED IN NIL’s NEXT COLUMN? CONTACT [email protected] WITH YOUR PITCH/STORY TO BE CONSIDERED.





Related
















 Want to read more posts like this? Sign up for our newsletter below!​




















Browse through some recent posts below:


No Soil, No Sunshine, No Problem! Meet the Farmer of the Future, Growing Real Food Indoors

But, since we need dirt, water, and sunshine to grow food … seems like we’re pretty set in our ways. Right? Well, Rob Laing, CEO of Farm.One might beg to differ. 







What?! Demand for Fish Swim Bladders In China Is Driving 2 Marine Species In Mexico to Extinction

Presently, the world’s smallest whale, the vaquita, and a fish prized by illegal wildlife traders, the totoaba, are fighting for their existence in a small swath of habitat off the coast of Mexico. They’re two very different species with two very different stories, yet their stories are deeply intertwined as they stare down the threat of extinction.







Beyond the Factory Farm: How Slaughterhouses Are Polluting the Planet

The problems of slaughterhouses clearly go beyond killing innocent animals. Check out how this pollution impacts you!







The Terrifying Truth: Our Future is Tied to the Future of Sharks

This picture of a lemon shark off the coast of the Bahamas might inspire fear in some people … but the truth is that sharks’ continued presence in our oceans is vital to ensuring the survival of our planet as a whole.








						Click to read more 					 












 Search





 









 Newsletter







 Follow


Follow














 Trending
220KsharesHow to Take Condiments From Ordinary to Extraordinary66.4KsharesThis Man Was Told His Sick Rescued Puppy Wouldn’t Live Long – So He Decided to Take a Video of Her Every Day (VIDEO)66.3KsharesNatural Wound Care at Home: 7 Products You Need for Your Homemade First Aid Kit39.8KsharesBow-Legged Dog Flown from Greece to England for a Rescue of a Lifetime (PHOTOS)28.6KsharesUncovering the Mysteries of Medicinal Herbs23KsharesThis Photographer’s Stunning Pictures of Finland’s Natural Landscape Will Leave You Awestruck 

 Popular
220KsharesHow to Take Condiments From Ordinary to Extraordinary88.6KsharesMiddle Eastern-Style Veggie Bake [Vegan]70.8KsharesHow to Add Summer Fruits and Vegetables to Your Dog’s Diet66.4KsharesThis Man Was Told His Sick Rescued Puppy Wouldn’t Live Long – So He Decided to Take a Video of Her Every Day (VIDEO)66.3KsharesNatural Wound Care at Home: 7 Products You Need for Your Homemade First Aid Kit 







 All Time
175.9Kshares6 Ways to Add Clean Protein to Your Smoothie Without a Powder131.4KsharesYour 25 Favorite Vegan Recipes From 2014126.8KsharesHow to Eat a Healthy Whole Foods, Plant-Based Diet on $50 Per Week121.7Kshares15 Most Adorable Animal Selfies on the Internet102.8Kshares14 Heartwarming Photos of Animals Showing True Love Knows No Bounds 





 

















Search OneGreenPlanet








 Login or Create Account on OneGreenPlanet






Login to OneGreenPlanet
Sign in with your OGP or social account


Username



Password


 Remember Me








Sign on with:





















Register for this site!
Sign up now for the good stuff.


Select a Username 



Enter your email address 

















 Subscribe to our Newsletter





 
 Follow us on 








 Do Not Show This Again 





×



Submit to OneGreenPlanet


Recipe
Article
News
Products

Terms & Conditions
×




























































Brian Swette - Care.com











































Log In
|
Join now





Hi there!
How would you like to log in?





Sign In with Facebook

























Keep me logged in

|

Forgot password?














Businesses & Organizations
|
Help










Children





Care for Children
Start Here 
 







Or select a service




Child Care
Babysitters
Nannies
Child Care Centers
Family Child Care
Nanny Agencies
Au Pairs
Camps
Special Needs Care
Tutors
College Caregivers
Transportation Needs


My Town

Child Care Articles



Seniors





Care for Seniors
Start Here 
 







Or select a service




Assisted Living
Home Care
Senior Caregivers
Transportation Needs


My Town

Senior Care Articles



Pets





Care for Pets
Start Here 
 







Or select a service




Pet Care
Pet Sitters
Dog Walkers
Transportation Needs


My Town

Pet Care Articles



Home





Care for your
Home Start Here

 







Or select a service




Personal Assistant
Housekeeper
House Cleaner

Errands & Odd Jobs


My Town

House Cleaning Articles



Military Families





Military Care Start Here 
 




Military Family Articles



My Care.com

My Care.com
My Groups

My Town

Back Up Care



How It Works






Post a job





Find a
Child Care Provider
  Babysitter
  Nanny
  Child Care Center
  Family Child Care
  Nanny Agencies
  Camp
  Au Pair
  After School Care
Special Needs Provider
  After School Care
Tutor/Private Lesson
  After School Care
------------------
Senior Housing Community
Home Care Agency
Home Care Individual
------------------
Pet Care Provider
  Pet Sitting/Walking
  Pet Day Care
  Boarding/Kenneling
  Dog Training
  Grooming
  Veterinary
------------------
Housekeeper
Errands & Odd Jobs Provider
------------------
Child Care Job
  After School Job
Special Needs Job
  After School Job
Tutoring Job
  After School Job
Senior Care Job
Pet Care Job
Housekeeping Job
Transportation Job
Errands & Odd Job
Near 

Within 
1 miles
2 miles
3 miles
4 miles
5 miles
10 miles
15 miles
20 miles
25 miles
30 miles
35 miles
40 miles
45 miles
50 miles

Search





























About Us


Company Overview
Timeline




Meet The Team



What We Do




Investor Relations





Press Room


Current Highlights
News Coverage
Press Releases
Speakers & Experts
Awards
Customer Reviews
Infographics
Widgets




Careers



Care.org






















Meet The Team » Brian Swette



Viewing:





Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Dave Krupinski
Michael Echenberg
Diane Musi
Zenobia Moochhala
Al Zink


Sheila Lirio Marcelo
Tony Florence
Chet Kapoor
J. Sanford (Sandy) Miller
Joanna Rees
Duncan Robertson
Laela Sturdy













Brian Swette







"As a father of five who has moved seven times in my 30 year career, I’ve faced many struggles to find care options for both my kids and my home. I was drawn to Care.com's mission, seeing the service as a solution for parents who often endure undue stress in trying to find quality sources for help."




About Brian Swette
As a father of five who has moved seven times in his 30 year career, Brian has faced many struggles to find care options for both his kids and his home. He was drawn to Care.com's mission, seeing the service as a solution for parents who often endure undue stress in trying to find quality sources for help.  Formerly eBay's Chief Operating Officer, Brian oversaw that company's international expansion, marketing and customer support that made eBay the most accessible and successful e-commerce site on the Internet. He was instrumental in expanding eBay into new product categories, such as used cars, and he improved the consumer interface, creating features like "Buy It Now," which allows consumers to buy auction items at a set price.  Prior to joining eBay, Brian was Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for the Pepsi-Cola Company. During his 17-year tenure, he was responsible for the worldwide marketing and advertising efforts for all Pepsi-Cola brands, and brought Lipton Iced Tea?, Aquafina? and the Starbucks Frappuccino® coffee drink to the Pepsi network. Additionally, he oversaw business strategy, brand architecture and new product activity, and helped introduce popular advertising campaigns, including the "Generation Next" equity. He also directed the marketing of Mountain Dew?, making it the fastest-growing beverage with $4 billion in sales.  Previously, Brian worked as a brand manager at Procter & Gamble. He is a trustee at the Arizona State University's Global Institute of Sustainability and a board member of Endeavor, which helps high impact entrepreneurs in developing markets.  Brian holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Arizona State University. 


 












Company

About Us
Investor Relations
Sheila's Blog
Help
Safety Center
Careers



Popular Topics

Babysitters
Nannies
Child Care
Housekeepers
Tutors



Join us on














Care.com in My Town




Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Boston


Chicago


Cincinnati


Cleveland


Dallas


Denver






Detroit


Houston


Indianapolis


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Miami


Minneapolis


New York


Orlando






Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Sacramento


Salt Lake City


San Antonio


San Diego


San Francisco






San Jose


Seattle


St. Louis


Tampa


Virginia Beach


Washington DC








Discover

HomePay℠ - Nanny Tax Help
List your Business
Care@Work - Employee Benefits Programs
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Care Directory




Care.com is the world's largest online destination for care. We connect families with caregivers and caring companies to help you be there for the ones you love.


Care.com does not employ any care provider or care seeker nor is it responsible for the conduct of any care provider or care seeker. Care.com provides information and tools to help care seekers and care providers connect and make informed decisions. However, each individual is solely responsible for selecting an appropriate care provider or care seeker for themselves or their families and for complying with all applicable laws in connection with any employment relationship they establish. The information contained in member profiles, job posts and applications are supplied by care providers and care seekers themselves and is not information generated or verified by Care.com. Care.com does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment or engage in any conduct that requires a professional license.


Care.com and "There for you" are service marks or registered service marks of Care.com, Inc. ©
2007-2017 Care.com, Inc. All rights reserved.


Care.com® HomePaySM is a service provided by Breedlove and Associates, LLC, a Care.com company.





























From Burger King chair to natural-foods maven | Fortune.comVentureSearchSearchFortune 500AT&T Executives to Run Combined Company After Time Warner DealKatie CouricIt’s the End of the Katie Couric Era at YahooCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDDivorceAnthony Scaramucci’s Wife Has Reportedly Filed for DivorceCourtesy: Sweet Earth FoodsEntrepreneursFrom Burger King chair to natural-foods mavenAnne FisherJul 16, 2014Brian Swette’s resume reads like a Who’s Who of huge American consumer-goods companies. A former chief operating officer and head of marketing at eBay, he was chief marketing officer of PepsiCo’s beverage division and a brand manager at Procter & Gamble before taking the non-executive board chairman seat at Burger King.So what was he doing in March 2012, tramping across strawberry fields in Moss Landing, Calif., to break into an empty warehouse?“We needed a place to manufacture our products, which we were making in a small kitchen in a storefront,” recalls Swette (pronounced "sweetie"). “I saw this building, in the middle of miles of farmland, that I heard was in foreclosure. I had to break the lock on the door to look inside, but it was perfect for us.”Six months later, the 35,000-square-foot space opened its doors as Sweet Earth Natural Foods’ new factory.It’s a long way from Burger King. The company, launched in late 2011, makes all-natural vegetarian foods, including veggie burgers, burritos, and a new line of something called Benevolent Bacon, made of buckwheat, red beans, vital wheat gluten, and 13 spices. “It’s earth friendly, heart healthy, and cruelty-free,” Swette says. “I’ve always had an interest in sustainability. This business is redemption for me.”It’s also growing like mad. Sweet Earth started with just Swette and his wife and cofounder Kelly Swette, formerly a PepsiCo marketing executive and then head of global marketing for Calvin Klein. The startup now has 60 employees and, Swette says, a $400,000 monthly run rate he expects to reach $1 million by year’s end.What would Swette advise aspiring entrepreneurs about quitting the executive suite to start their own ventures? He says he’s learned three big things from his experience:It’s a lot harder than you think. “This isn’t the hardest thing I’ve ever done,” says Swette. “But it comes pretty darn close. In the corporate world, people talk about hard choices, but every decision is magnified in a small company, where you have no back-up and no history. There’s a lot more ambiguity.”He especially misses having a human resources department. Recently, Swette came up with a plan to give all Sweet Earth’s employees, many of whom are native Spanish-language speakers, some equity in the company. “I had to figure that out myself, then get it translated into Spanish, and present it,” he says. He then had to deal with employees’ initial suspicion. “They were skeptical, like ‘Why is he giving us something for nothing? There must be a catch,’” Swette says. “I really could have used some help with that.”Everything is hands-on. “In a big company, you spend most of your time in meetings. But with a startup, your survival is based on action,” says Swette. In his old job as a top marketing executive at PepsiCo, he recalls, “I would set strategy and, once in a while, go along on a sales call.” Now, he knows every distributor that carries Sweet Earth products, and answers their emails himself.“Most consumer goods managers don’t taste their products or see them made every day,” he adds. “We do.” He’s also haggled with suppliers, picked up a hammer to fix a recalcitrant machine on the factory floor, and driven a delivery truck.Think fast. Turning that abandoned warehouse in Moss Landing into a running factory in just six months “could never have happened in a large company,” says Swette. “But in a startup, you can move quickly and make adjustments on the fly. In fact, you have to.”Benevolent Bacon, for example, took just a few months to develop from prototype to store shelves. It’s in 300 stores now, Swette says, and will be in about 1,500 by the end of 2014.“In a big company, a new product would take twice that long just to get to test markets, and that’s with a huge staff and lots of support,” he says. “Here, it’s usually Kelly and I and maybe one other person cooking up different versions of a new product in our kitchen at home until three in the morning.”Swette has no regrets about exchanging the boardroom for the burrito business, but he does sometimes miss the executive perks he once took for granted. “[Big companies’] private jets are overrated,” he says. “But the middle seat in coach on a no-frills airline is really a drag.”Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn















































How Burger King’s ex-chairman grew a $10 million organic food business | GreenBiz


































Home





Toggle navigation






















 












How Burger King’s ex-chairman grew a $10 million organic food businessHeather ClancyMonday, March 9, 2015 - 2:00am














 
Sweet Earth Natural Foods



Over the past three years, Kelly and Brian Swette have grown their modest company into a $10 million business building mainstream appeal.


When veteran consumer products marketer Brian Swette turned entrepreneur four years ago, building an organic, vegetarian food business was the farthest thing from his mind.Maybe a boutique hotel or a restaurant, thought Swette (pronounced “sweetie”), a 60-year-old former PepsiCo executive, eBay COO and Burger King chairman. Some more advisory positions, perhaps.But nothing seemed quite right, until his wife and business partner, Kelly, and his vegetarian daughter planted the seed for Sweet Earth Natural Foods.“It was an environmental epiphany,” he said.Just three years later, the Pacific Grove, Calif., company has blossomed into a $10 million business. The organic food purveyor recently recorded its first $900,000 month.Sweet Earth’s frozen burritos and veggie burgers are sold nationally by Target and almost as widely by Whole Foods. The company has become a champion of seitan, an alternative source of wheat-based protein with roots in sixth century China. And last year, its plant-based “Benevolent Bacon” was voted best new product by readers of a frozen-food trade journal.Switching gearsSweet Earth was founded in part as a reaction to the heavy environmental impact caused by meat production —  something Brian Swette understands intimately, given his 11-year-long stint on fast-food giant Burger King’s board.But the Swettes are equally focused on satiating the appetites of millennials who crave unique ingredients, as well as complex and global ingredients that can be traced to specific sources.Technically speaking, Kelly shapes product development and merchandising — a natural fit given her background at Calvin Klein. Brian spearheads sales and operations, which include a 35,000-square-foot facility in the coastal farm belt between Santa Cruz and Monterey.“As much as we are driving the sustainability piece, our primary message is that we make great food," Brian Swette said. "If you position your food as mainstream, you can attract the mainstream consumer.”Close to half of U.S. consumers with children younger than 18 are ”very familiar” with the organics movement, compared with 27 percent just six years ago, according to figures released in early march by the Organic Trade Association. More than 80 percent buy at least some organic products.While the trade group hasn’t calculated figures for 2014, annual sales of organic products grew 12 percent in 2013 to $35.1 billion.Cost concernsOne reason Sweet Earth’s visibility at Target is so important: Perhaps the biggest enduring obstacles for scaling the organics movement has been the cost premium.Customers will pay slightly more for organic products versus non-organic alternatives, Swette said. That’s partly because of the real expenses still associated with sourcing fruits and vegetables that are free of genetically modified organisms, and certifying that status independently with the Non-GMO Project.The company works with more than 220 ingredients, which makes this an extremely complex process.“We need to ensure we know where everything comes from, but the cost for us to do this is immense,” Swette said. “It makes innovation harder.”Does Swette’s food industry resume help open doors for Sweet Earth? Perhaps, but the company’s knack for creating foods that are quick to prepare and healthy to eat is what seals deals.“They like to see that someone can reinvent themselves — that someone can do something at a later stage of life," Swette said.Topics: Food & Agriculture
Supply Chain
Business Models
Tags: Organics
 


share this article
Twitter

Facebook

LinkedIn













Heather Clancy
Editorial Director
GreenBiz 




 
 






View the discussion thread. 


Related Content






 

Ranking the Greenest Fast Food ChainsByMatthew Wheeland 





 

Why the future of food tastes like a mealwormByLizzie Needham 





 

How a rare metals shortage is impacting the future of green techByNicola Jones 





 

Burger King goes cage-free: What it means for egg suppliersByBruce Kennedy 





 

Has meat met its match?ByRowan Jacobsen 



 








Trending






 

More mayors are appointing chief resilience officersByHeather Clancy 





 

Episode 86: Mining's $16 billion problem; resilient cities riseByJoel Makower 





 

Britain drives ban of fossil-fuel car sales by 2040ByJames Murray 





 

Why the world’s largest asset managers are pushing long-term thinkingByMark Tulay 





 

How chickens are powering the circular economyByTom McCarthy 



 







 


Featured Videos





 

Levi's Harmit Singh on making the CEO a sustainability ally 





 

Necessity is the mother of reinvention 

More from Video 


Featured Whitepapers






 

14 Strategies to Save up to 70% in Energy Costs Using the Latest in Warehouse Lighting...and More 





 

Metering Dictionary 



 
















 

View Program & Speakers 

















 

Get your copy 








 
















 

















 

Save the Date 

















