

Swimline Corp's Products




























Home
About Us
Installation
Instructions
Warranty
Dealer and Distributor 






Catalogs






















 


 










Home

                |

                About Us

                |

                Installation

                |

                Instructions

                |

                Warranty

                |

                Dealer and Distributor 

                |

            
Contact Customer Service e-mail info@swimlinecorp.com.

                 Copyright Š 2015 Swimline, Corp.

                All Rights Reserved. 






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Swimlane LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:25 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of Swimlane LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Swimlane LLC develops cybersecurity automation solutions for enterprise teams. It offers Swimlane, a security operations management platform that centralizes an organization’s security alerts, automates resolution, and produces metrics-based dashboards and reports. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Boulder, Colorado.


1035 Pearl StreetSuite 215Boulder, CO 80302United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 844-794-6526

swimlane.com







Key Executives for Swimlane LLC




Mr. Cody Cornell


      	Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Brian Kafenbaum


      	Co-Founder, Chief Operating Officer and Advisor 
      








 Austin McDaniel


      	Chief Architect
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Swimlane LLC Key Developments

Swimlane Updates its Automated Security Platform with RSA Netwitness Suite Interoperability
Jun 20 17
Swimlane, a leader in automated incident response and security orchestration, announced an interoperability with the RSA NetWitness Suite®. Together, Swimlane and RSA can better help customers quickly identify and investigate malicious network behavior, without increasing the workload on security operations staff. The interoperability also streamlines security operations through a more centralized approach to automated incident response and security orchestration. As the volume of cyberattacks continues to rise, security administrators struggle to keep pace while manually performing repetitive and time-consuming tasks to track, mitigate and resolve security events across multiple platforms. Research by the Ponemon Institute finds that the average security operations team receives 17,000 alerts every week, but is only able to investigate 29% of them. According to a 2015 analysis of Bureau of Labor statistics reported by the Peninsula Press, there are currently more than 209,000 unfilled cybersecurity positions in the U.S. alone. Swimlane helps organizations get the most out of existing resources by automating time-intensive, manual processes and operational workflows in real time. An API-first architecture, extensive out-of-the-box integrations and prepackaged templates are designed to allow organizations to quickly enable orchestration across their entire security infrastructure. Swimlane aims to deliver powerful analytics, real-time dashboards and key performance reporting to maximize the incident response capabilities of over-burdened and understaffed security operations. RSA NetWitness Suite is a threat detection and response platform designed to allow security teams to rapidly detect and understand the full scope of a compromise by leveraging logs, packets, endpoints and threat intelligence. By aligning business context to security risks, the RSA NetWitness Suite is engineered close the gaps of technology-only solutions by leveraging the most advanced capabilities to analyze, prioritize, and investigate threats, thus making security analysts up to 3x more effective and efficient. The interoperability with Swimlane is designed allow RSA NetWitness Suite customers to automate incident response workflows to respond to cyber attacks. Customers will have the option of collecting PCAPs and logs from RSA NetWitness Suite, either automatically or on-click, for additional investigation within Swimlane. Importing RSA NetWitness Suite data into Swimlane will deliver consolidated event details from multiple platforms for rapid investigation and alarm triage interoperabilities with additional security platforms will enable the execution of automated actions in response to any alarm. This should deliver stronger threat protection and a greater return on investment from the entire security infrastructure.


Swimlane Integrates its Automated Security Platform with Trend Micro Deep Discovery
Mar 14 17
Swimlane announced an integration with Trend Micro Deep Discovery. Together, Swimlane and Trend Micro will help customers quickly identify and respond to targeted attacks and ransomware faster, without increasing the workload on security operations staff. It also helps streamline security operations through a more centralized approach to automated incident response and security orchestration. Trend Micro and Swimlane will provide highly automated responses and facilitate interoperability with other platforms. By automating the workflow and response, Swimlane will help Trend Micro customers respond faster and more consistently to a greater number of targeted attacks and ransomware. The integration with Swimlane will allow Trend Micro customers to automatically initiate incident response workflows in response to any alarm. Customers will also have the option of either manually or automatically launching a toolkit to inspect and clean the targeted device. Importing attack data into Swimlane will deliver consolidated event details from multiple platforms for rapid investigation and alarm triage. This will ensure faster incident response and a greater return on investment from the entire security infrastructure.


Swimlane Integrates its Automated Security Platform with HPE Security Arcsight ESM
Jan 24 17
Swimlane announced an integration with HPE Security Arcsight Enterprise Security Manager (ESM), HPE's comprehensive security information and event management solution that identifies and prioritizes threats in real time. Swimlane's integration with HPE Security Arcsight ESM will help customers quickly identify and respond to a greater number of cyber threats without increasing the workload on security operations staff. It also helps streamline security operations through a more centralized approach to security orchestration and automated incident response. The integration with Swimlane will allow HPE ArcSight ESM customers to automatically initiate incident response workflows in response to any alarm. Customers will also have the option of manually initiating workflows through a simple right click within the ArcSight ESM console. Importing security event data from ArcSight into Swimlane will deliver consolidated event details from multiple platforms for rapid investigation and alarm triage. This will ensure faster incident response and a greater return on investment from the entire security infrastructure.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 22, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Swimlane LLC, please visit swimlane.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Swimlane LLC in Boulder, CO - (480) 967-0650 - Company Profile





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Swimlane LLC

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Swimlane LLC



1035 Pearl St
Boulder, CO 80302






Contact:
Cody Cornell


Title:
Chief Executive Officer


Phone:


                        480-967-0650
                    



Website:

www.swimlane.com







There are 

59
                Companies located at 1035 Pearl St, Boulder, CO 80302
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Swimlane is located in Boulder, Colorado. This organization primarily operates in the Custom Computer Programming Services business / industry within the Business Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Swimlane is estimated to generate $200,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 11 people at this single location.









Sector:

Business Services



Category:

Custom Computer Programming Services



Industry:

Custom Computer Programming Services




SIC Code:

7371











Name:
Swimlane LLC


Year Founded:


2014






State of Inc:
Arizona


Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 200,000



Employees:

11



Facility Size:

1,700 sqft



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 80302






Percentage Population



24,965
White
1,388
Hispanic
330
Black
1,528
Asian
235
Native American
51
Hawaiian
455
Other


92.7 %
White
5.2 %
Hispanic
1.2 %
Black
5.7 %
Asian
0.9 %
Native American
0.2 %
Hawaiian
1.7 %
Other













Population




Population 
26,941




Female47.4%12,760


Male52.6%14,181




Median Age

25.0




Female24.7


Male25.2






























Questions & Answers









Is there a key contact at Swimlane?





Cody Cornell is the Chief Executive Officer at Swimlane. You can contact Cody at (480) 967-0650.







How big is Swimlane?





Swimlane is estimated to generate $200,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 11 people. They occupy this facility which is approximately 1,700 square feet.







What is the phone number for Swimlane?





The phone number for Swimlane is (480) 967-0650









How long has Swimlane been in business?





Swimlane has been in business for approximately 3 years.







What is the internet address for Swimlane?





The website (URL) for Swimlane is www.swimlane.com.







How many people work at Swimlane?





Swimlane has approximately 11 employees at this location.







What are the annual sales for Swimlane?





Swimlane generates approximately $200,000 in annual sales.







Who is the CEO of Swimlane?





The CEO of Swimlane is Cody Cornell.







Where is Swimlane located?





Swimlane is located at 1035 Pearl St, Boulder, CO 80302.







Are there other companies located at 1035 Pearl St, Boulder, CO?





There are 59 commercial tenants at 1035 Pearl St, Boulder, CO.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 80302






Average House Value


                                $ 603,000
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 43,907
                            



Number of Households

11,800



Persons per Household

2.14













Number of Businesses

3,758



Number of Employees

16,563



Land Area (square miles)

82.572



Water Area (square miles)

0.335



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























Swimlane LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























swimlane llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Swimlane LLC develops cybersecurity automation solutions. The Company offers security operations management platform that centralizes an organization's security alerts, automates resolution, and produces metrics-based dashboards and reports. Swimlane serves customers in the States of Louisville and Colorado.




Corporate Information
Address:

363 Centennial Parkway
Louisville, CO 80027
United States


Phone:
1-844-7946-5263


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.swimlane.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 


 







Swimlane LLC v. CyberSponse Incorporated et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










February 13, 2017
Swimlane LLC v. CyberSponse Incorporated et al



Track this case


Case Number:
2:17-cv-00438
Court:
Arizona
Nature of Suit:
Property Rights: Trademark
Judge:
Diane J Humetewa
Firms

Snell & Wilmer
Wilenchik & Bartness








View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Coverage


July 18, 2017
Snell & Wilmer Slams DQ Bid In Cybersecurity Co. IP Row
Attorneys for Snell & Wilmer LLP contested Monday an attempt to disqualify the firm from representing a cybersecurity company in its suit accusing a rival of false advertising and defamation regarding intellectual property ownership, saying that there was no evidence the firm had a conflict in the case.


							1 other articles on this case. View all »



Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




























 Security Operations Orchestration Platform Overview | Swimlane 


























































































Solution

Overview
NEW! SAO Video
Integrations
Use Cases


Resources

All Resources
eBook | SAO
eBook | SAO for MSSPs
Report | Forrester SAO
Report | Gartner ATD
Webinar | Cisco AMP
Webinar | Forrester


About

Company
Management Team
The Founders
Careers


News
Blog
Contact

Contact Us
Schedule a Demo
Contact HR


See Swimlane








  




Swimlane Product Overview Video
Watch the 3-Minute Video or Download the Swimlane Product Overview eBook instead.


To request a personal demonstration of Swimlane, please click the “See Swimlane” or “See Swimlane in Action” button.







Improve your Security Operations


See Swimlane in Action 










 On the Blog 


Meet Us at Black Hat 2017!
The Swimlane team is headed to Mandalay Bay for Black Hat 2017! Come meet us at our booth or join us for drinks and networking at our cocktail reception! Come say hello! We would love to meet you. Booth #811 right across from RSA. Come to our booth! We are at booth #811 centrally located on level one of the…
Read more




 


CONTACT US Call sales at 1-844-SWIMLANE to order the software or ask a question.or send us an email at info@swimlane.com
 







Swimlane is designed and built in Louisville, Colorado USA | Privacy Policy 
© 2017 Swimlane LLC All Rights Reserved.




       




 



















































 Enterprise Security Automation & Orchestration Platform | Swimlane 


























































































Solution

Overview
NEW! SAO Video
Integrations
Use Cases


Resources

All Resources
eBook | SAO
eBook | SAO for MSSPs
Report | Forrester SAO
Report | Gartner ATD
Webinar | Cisco AMP
Webinar | Forrester


About

Company
Management Team
The Founders
Careers


News
Blog
Contact

Contact Us
Schedule a Demo
Contact HR


See Swimlane








  





Security Automation & Orchestration




 




  




Swimlane automates security operations for enterprise teams
Organizations have been investing heavily in attack identification, threat intelligence and the staff required to triage, investigate and resolve security alerts. However, the traditional, manual processes leave security teams struggling to keep up with the ever-increasing volume of work. Managers struggle to justify additional staff, and they lack visibility into their team’s current activities, metrics and performance. Alerts are not only going unresolved, they often go unseen.
Swimlane is a security operations management platform that centralizes an organization’s security alerts, automates resolution, and dynamically produces metrics-based dashboards and reports. Using software-defined security (SDSec) methods and security orchestration, Swimlane automatically responds to alerts, automates the implementation of security controls, and protects the organization from future attacks—all at machine speeds.
Empowering organizations with streamlined security operations
Swimlane, founded by Cody Cornell and Brian Kafenbaum, is dedicated to empowering enterprises and government agencies to streamline and automate their security operations and incident response. As consultants to some of the world’s largest companies and government organizations, the team recognized the limitations of existing security operations management tools and the need for a purpose-built solution.
Focused on the needs of their current clients, the Swimlane platform was designed to help organizations automate their security operations, while allowing them to continue to leverage their own internal processes. These manual processes were traditionally modeled in process flow diagrams and stored in physical binders, ticketing systems or spreadsheets. Now with Swimlane, a security team can quickly resolve security alerts, capture key performance metrics, generate insightful real-time dashboards and rapidly deploy proactive security protections — automatically with orchestration.





  









Management Team

 



  









Cody Cornell
Co-Founder and CEO






 











Jorge Esguerra
Chief Financial Officer






 











David Pack
Vice President, Operations






 



  









Chris Stimmel
VP, Product and Technology






 











Kevin Broughton
Vice President, Marketing






 











Adam Cresswell
Director, Business Operations






 



  









Brian Kafenbaum
Co-Founder and Advisor






 











Austin McDaniel
Chief Software Architect






 











Brant Wheeler
Technical Lead






 



  
















Improve your Security Operations


See Swimlane in Action 










 On the Blog 


Meet Us at Black Hat 2017!
The Swimlane team is headed to Mandalay Bay for Black Hat 2017! Come meet us at our booth or join us for drinks and networking at our cocktail reception! Come say hello! We would love to meet you. Booth #811 right across from RSA. Come to our booth! We are at booth #811 centrally located on level one of the…
Read more




 


CONTACT US Call sales at 1-844-SWIMLANE to order the software or ask a question.or send us an email at info@swimlane.com
 







Swimlane is designed and built in Louisville, Colorado USA | Privacy Policy 
© 2017 Swimlane LLC All Rights Reserved.




       




 









































