










 













 




Swiss Select Global Equity Fund US LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:38 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Swiss Select Global Equity Fund US LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



419 Lafayette Street6Th FloorNew York, NY 10003United States










Key Executives for Swiss Select Global Equity Fund US LLC


Swiss Select Global Equity Fund US LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Swiss Select Global Equity Fund US LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Products | UOB GLOBAL CAPITAL








































UOB GLOBAL CAPITAL
Building Partnership, Cultivating Value




















  Welcome

 
  History

 
About UOB



 
  Management

 
  Approach

 
  Capabilities

 
  Products

 
  Relationships

 
  Commentary

 
  Contact us

 
New York Office

 
Paris Office

 
Singapore Office






 

 














Products 

PRIVATE EQUITY
Direct
ASEAN China – The ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P. had its final close in 2005.  The Fund focuses its operations in the ASEAN-China Growth Corridor, comprising the 10 member-states of ASEAN and the People’s Republic of China.  The Fund targets privately negotiated equity and equity related investments in small and medium sized companies, particularly those that can benefit from the rapidly expanding trade and investment ties between ASEAN and China and their respective extra-regional trading partners.  A follow-on fund, the ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P. II had its final close in 2010.  This fund will be substantially investing in the same geographies as Fund I.
Fund of Funds
Europe– The Hermes UOB European Private Equity Fund had its final close in 2000. The Fund is invested in a diversified portfolio of European private equity funds.
Pan Asian– The UOB Portfolio Advisors Pan Asia Select Fund I, II and III had their respective final closings in 2007, 2009 and 2012.  The Funds invest in private equity funds in the Asia Pacific Region. The Funds invest in buyouts, special situations, growth capital and selectively in venture, secondary and co-investment opportunities in Greater China, Singapore, ASEAN, Japan, South Korea, India, Australia and New Zealand.
REAL ESTATE
The HUH U.S. Real Estate Income Fund raised US$300 million for investment in US core plus assets.  The Fund assembeled a portfolio of assets that provides stable, distributable current income over the life of the fund. Additional returns may be generated through improving NOI and disposing of assets with cap rate compression. The strategy employs moderate leverage of not more than 50% and  is targeted to produce Net Investor IRR of 7-10%.The Fund’s investment strategy is to acquire inefficiently priced, well located and well leased properties in the United States, with primary focus on the Eastern US. Long term leases and a focus on credit tenants will produce stable cash from the operations. The Funds portfolio consists of  about 80% Grocery Anchored Retail and 20% Industrial assets.
UOB Eagle Rock Multi-Family Property Fund L.P. is a Delaware Limited Partnership. The Fund raised about US$ 136  million which was deployed in a portfolio of stable, income producing multifamily apartment communities in generating  current income for regular distribution, targeting stable and robust equity returns of  13- 18% net IRR.The Fund’s emphasis will is  on markets in the Northeastern corridor in the United States between Washington D.C., to the South, and Boston, Massachusetts, to the North. This is a specialized area of real estate requiring both the ability to identify and acquire on advantageous terms select properties but also to operate these properties. The key is to ensure maximum occupancy, control costs and capital maintenance and increase rentals over time. This approach provides reliable yields, with regular tax effective distributions and over time, capital appreciation.
LISTED EQUITY                    
Asia-Pacific– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation and regular income through investing in shares of companies listed on Asian-Pacific emerging & developed markets.
Asia ex Japan– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation and regular income through investing in shares of companies listed on Asian ex Japan emerging & developed markets.
Asian Small Cap– This strategy seeks to achieve long-term capital growth by investing primarily in small capitalization stocks and stock-related securities issued by corporations in the Asian ex Japan emerging & developed markets.
Greater China– This strategy seeks long term capital growth through investing in securities that have businesses in Hong Kong, China and Taiwan. The main markets invested are the Hong Kong, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Taiwan Stock Exchanges.
Japan– This strategy seeks long term capital growth through investing in companies with assets in, or revenue derived from Japan.
U.S All Cap– This strategy seeks to provide long term capital growth by investing primarily in US equities, not limited to a particular market capitalization.  The investment team focuses primarily on common stocks that it believes to be undervalued, at the time of purchase, relative to their intrinsic economic worth.
Global Equities– This strategy seeks to provide long term capital growth by investing global equities, not limited to a particular market capitalization.  The investment team focuses primarily on common stocks that it believes to be undervalued, at the time of purchase, relative to their intrinsic economic worth.
FIXED INCOME
Asian Fixed Income – This strategy seeks to provide stable current income and capital appreciation by investing in debt securities issued by Asian corportations, financial institutions, governments and their agencies (including money market instruments).
Renminbi Bond Fund – This strategy seeks to generate fixed income returns and benefit from the potential appreciation of the Renminbi over the medium term by investing primarily in Renminbi denominated debt securities issued or distributed outside mainland China.  The issuers of such securities include, but are not limited to, governments, quasi-government bodies, international and multinational organizations, banks and financial institutions and corporations.
Emerging Market Debt – This strategy seeks to maximize returns with high yield and capital appreciation over the longer term in emerging markets debt investments and products.
HEDGE FUNDS
Hedge funds marketed by UOBGC affiliates include a series of single strategy long/short funds including a large/mid cap fund and a focused portfolio fund.  In addition, a short duration credit opportunities fund and a multi-strategy fund are available.
IRISH UCITS PLATFORM
UOBGC, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, UOB Global Capital (Dublin) Ltd manages an Irish based Family of Funds.    The UOB Global Strategies Funds PLC is an open ended umbrella type investment company with variable capital incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Ireland. Within this UCITS structure there are funds focused on Greater China Equities, U.S. Equities, US All Cap stocks and Global Equities and Renminbi Bonds.  These funds are available to non-U.S. institutional investors and are registered in various jurisdictions including Switzerland, Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands and the U.K.
More information for non-U.S. residents can be found at www.uobglobalfunds.com
For Swiss and German investors more information can be found at www.fundinfo.com

 
 
 












 


 



Website Search

 



 
 






 



  



 



Contact Us

 


New York: 
212 398.6633



Paris:
331 5364 8400



Singapore:
65 6539.2805






 

 









welcome | history | about uob | management | approach | capabilities | products | relationships | contact us | terms & conditions | site map
 
 © 2017 UOB Global Capital, LLC. All rights reserved.Website by d'Art Inc. - Web Development & Consulting




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












SWISS SELECT GLOBAL EQUITY FUND US, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      SWISS SELECT GLOBAL EQUITY FUND US, LLC
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Swiss Select Global Equity Fund US is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-14. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from SWISS SELECT GLOBAL EQUITY FUND US, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




swiss select global equity fund us, llc


419 LAFAYETTE STREET

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10003


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212 796 6577







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/14/2016
D/A filed on 11/18/2015
D filed on 12/13/2010
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-14
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
13,217,739
INDEFINITE


2015-11-18
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
13,217,739
INDEFINITE


2010-12-13
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
500,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




MARVIN V.  BOLT

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us  Filing. Marvin V Bolt Managing Member of Swiss Select Advisors LLC  Published Nov 18  Form D – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us  Filing. Marvin V Bolt Managing Member of Swiss Select Advisors LLC  Published Nov 18  Form D


11/18/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us  Filing. Marvin V Bolt Managing Member of Swiss Select Advisors LLC  Published Nov 18  Form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/swiss-select-global-equity-fund-us-filing-marvin-v-bolt-managing-member-of-swiss-select-advisors-llc-published-nov-18-form-d/286613/.CaptchaSubmit
Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us Form D
The Alabama-based Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us, Llc submitted Form D for $13.22 million offering. The date of first sale was 2010-12-02. The Limited Liability Company raised $13.22 million. The offering is still open. The total private offering amount was $13.22 million. The form was filed on 2015-11-18. Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us, Llc’s clarification was: unspecified. 
 Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us is based in Alabama. The company’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The form D was submitted by Marvin V Bolt Managing Member of Swiss Select Advisors LLC Managing Member. The company was incorporated more than five years ago. The filler’s address is: 419 Lafayette Street, 6Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10003. Marvin V. Bolt is the related person in the form and it has address: 419 Lafayette Street, 6Th Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10003. Link to Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us Filing: 000150742315000003.
Analysis of Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us Offering
On average, companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment interest. Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us sold 100.00 % of the offering. The average offering amount is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 46.61 % smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



The Insider Paul Brody Sold 281 shares of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR) Is Corelogic Inc (NYSE:CLGX) Stock a Sell after Stergios Theologides’s Insider Trading? 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?



















 

Swiss Select Global Private Equity Fund Us Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/41345-swiss-select-global-private-equity-fund-us-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=41345  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Swiss Select Global Private Equity Fund Us LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Swiss Select Global Private Equity Fund Us Llc gets funded!Swiss Select Global Private Equity Fund Us LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 6th, 2010$500,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Swiss Select Global Private Equity Fund Us Llc gets funded?Key peopleMarvin BoltExecutive_OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment! 

Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/217837-swiss-select-global-equity-fund-us-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=217837  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us Llc gets funded!Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 18th, 2015$13,217,739-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Swiss Select Global Equity Fund Us Llc gets funded?Key peopleMarvin BoltExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!