 


            Micron Technology, Inc. - Robert E. Switz
        

















































Global




China


Italy


Japan


Malaysia


Singapore


Taiwan


UK


USA


Global




All Micron product information and support are provided on the Micron global website.
在Micron全球网站提供有Micron产品的所有信息和支持
Tutte le informazioni sui prodotti Micron e il loro supporto sono disponibili sul sito globale di Micron.




Investor Relations


Micron Blogs


Jobs


Contact


Sales Network



                            Sign Up
                        



				            Login
			            





















Recommended Results





See all search results for ''

Search









Enter your FBGA Code to search for your part:

Please enter a FBGA Code.

FBGA Code







To find a model for a specific part, enter the part number or choose a technology:

No part found



or

Family



Technology












Add
Email

Google+


LinkedIn


Twitter


Facebook









Add Bookmark(s)






To:





Cancel







Email




Bookmark(s) shared successfully!
Please provide at least one email address.

To (email addresses, comma separated):

Note (optional):


Send me a Copy

Cancel







Home


About


Our Company


Leadership







Robert E. Switz







Leadership


Sanjay Mehrotra


April Arnzen


Jeffrey M. Bader


Scott J. DeBoer


Thomas T. Eby


Ernie Maddock


Karen Metz


Joel Poppen


Michael J. Rayfield


Michael Sadler


Sumit Sadana


Trevor Schulze


Brian Shirley


Darren Thomas


Steven L. Thorsen, Jr.


Jeff VerHeul





Robert E. Switz
Robert E. Switz was the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ADC Telecommunications, Inc., ("ADC"), a supplier of network infrastructure products and services from August 2003 until December 2010, when Tyco Electronics Ltd. acquired ADC. Mr. Switz joined ADC in 1994 and throughout his career there held numerous leadership positions. Mr. Switz holds an MBA from the University of Bridgeport as well as a BS in Business Administration from Quinnipiac University. Mr. Switz also serves on the Board of Directors for Gigamon Inc., GT Advanced Technologies and Marvell Technology Group Ltd.   He has served on our Board of Directors since 2006 and was appointed Chairman of the Board in February 2012.



















ROBERT E. SWITZ - ADC TELECOMMUNICATIONS, INC. - CFO.com





Print this article | 
		Return to Article | 
		Return to CFO.com


ROBERT E. SWITZ - ADC TELECOMMUNICATIONS, INC.Category: MANAGING EXTERNAL STAKEHOLDERS  After an earnings disappointment, ADC Telecommunications makes a Wall Street connection.Lori Calabro, CFO MagazineOctober 1, 1999
Robert Switz says he'll never forget his embarrassment on January 15, 1998. That's the day the CFO of ADC Telecommunications Inc. had to level with Wall Street that the company was going to miss its first-quarter earnings estimates.
"Up until that time," recalls the 52-year-old Switz, "ADC had a record of 29 consecutive quarters of meeting or beating Wall Street expectations. It was embarrassing to all of us to preannounce that we weren't going to make our numbers." But the embarrassment, he says, soon gave way to shock when "our stock subsequently dropped 30 percent in value."
That shock deepened on January 23, when Switz was forced to issue a second press release because "business was going to turn out even worse than I had stated [initially]," he says. In response, ADC's shares dropped another 40 percent, completing a downward spiral that sent the stock of the $1.5 billion supplier of voice, video, and data systems tumbling from a high of $43.63 on December 31, 1997, to $16.75 on January 26, 1998.
To stem the tide, Switz launched a campaign to uncover the root causes of the sell-off and regain investor confidence. By constant communication and a simplified message, Switz spread the word that ADC was a solid buy for the long term. And in the year and a half since the crisis--which Switz calls "a cathartic force"--the stock has regained its strength and then some. In fact, the company was recently added to the S&P's 500 Index, a testament to its staying power.
"Reputation is everything on Wall Street, and Bob earned his stripes with direct candor when it was needed most," says Kenneth M. Leon, global sector head of ABN AMRO Inc. After the earnings disappointment, he adds, "Bob did not hide or blame others. He took a negative [situation] as an opportunity to work harder with analysts and institutional investors. He was honest about what ADC could do to improve its business, and what was beyond its control."
Ultimately, the effort was "a major factor in our recent growth in market capitalization," says ADC CEO William J. Cadogan. It also won Switz the 1999 CFO Excellence Award for Managing External Stakeholders. For Switz, however, the ordeal was instructive. "Just because people own your stock, don't assume that they understand your company." "The fundamental lesson here," he says, "is that you need to know as much about them as they know about you."
Sucker PunchedTo say that the stock drop was a surprise to ADC executives is an understatement. Until January 1998, the Minneapolis-based company was actually "a bit of a darling of the communication-equipment sector," says Switz. Between October 31, 1988, and October 31, 1997, the stock had grown from $1.45 to $33.13- -a compound annual growth rate of 41.6 percent.
Most of the IR thrust until then "focused on the technologies of the business," he says. When Switz joined ADC in 1994, he lobbied to "spend less time talking about bits and bytes" and more time talking about how market strategies translated into financial success. But as a newcomer, Switz was ignored. The status quo, after all, was working just fine.
Then in late 1997, a combination of factors shook confidence in the company. First, the Asian crisis began to be felt. In addition, analysts refused to account for seasonality issues. "Every year, the first quarter would drop from the fourth," says Switz. "In 1998, however, the fourth quarter was so strong that Wall Street ignored the seasonality." Most alarming to investors, though, was that rapid consolidation in the telecom industry "throttled down business in a very rapid time frame."
Any one of those factors, says Switz, would not have damaged the stock price. But taken together, they were calamitous. Still, he says, "we felt that with our reputation and performance, the market should have been more forgiving." Particularly bewildering was the fact that the first quarter was a record one for ADC, even though the company missed expectations.
Revival EffortsTo revive the stock, Switz believed he had to figure out why ADC was being pummeled in the first place. Once the initial crisis had been resolved (by weeks on the phone reassuring investors), Switz took to the road, spending most of February and March 1998 meeting with institutional shareholders. "What I discovered," he says, "was that numerous groups of shareholders owned us simply because we had great financial performance and a good track record of meeting or beating expectations. They didn't know anything about ADC, and they took its performance for granted."
Many investors "simply didn't understand ADC," explains Switz. Their confusion is understandable, given the company's diverse markets, customers, and technologies. Where many of its competitors deal in one particular communication technology, ADC operates in a segment of that market known as the local loop- -the portion of the network linking the service provider to the home or business. This segment encompasses everything from broadband connectivity to systems integration, and serves business, residential, and mobile customers. Says Switz, "it was very difficult to understand ADC in 20 seconds."
To help with the problem, Switz hired Mark Borman as vice president of investor relations in February 1998. Together, they simplified the ADC story, starting with the IR presentation, which had leaned too heavily on charts and schematics. Kicked off with a new tag line--"Total Solutions for Last-Mile Networks"--the new version clarified ADC's products and strategies and its happy prospects for growth.

The Web site was then retooled to bring this message to a wider audience. The new site has been so successful that traffic has increased 234 percent.
Other efforts included changing the earnings release to show results in each product group, preparing "Plain English" annual reports, discontinuing the practice of prereleasing estimated revenues, and starting a direct stock purchase plan so individuals can buy ADC stock at low commissions.
What worked best, though, says Switz, was "going out and pressing the flesh." During 1998, Switz and Borman presented at more than 20 conferences. In fact, in 1998, Switz averaged two days a week with current and potential investors. "Over the long haul, it is my job to cultivate interest in and demand for ADC shares," he says.
Net ImpactSwitz says he started seeing results in August 1998. "When the stock moved back into the $30 range, I began to feel that investors were buying into what we were saying"--helped by a solid second-quarter performance.
There were other telltale signs. "We had an awful lot of new investors pick up ADC," he says. East Coast ownership increased from 31 percent to 45 percent between the end of 1997 and August 1998. Sell-side coverage increased from 6 analysts in 1994 to the current 23, who maintain a consensus buy rating (see chart, above). And inclusion in the S&P 500, he says, was a testament to ADC's "consistency." After all, he adds, "we are working on meeting or beating analysts' expectations in 35 of 36 quarters."
ADC stock took another hit in the October 1998 fallout of tech stocks, dropping to $18 per share. But by this past September, it was trading around $40 a share, down from an all- time high of $52.25 on April 9. Switz is philosophical about the whole experience. In the end, he says, "there is no substitute for honesty, candor, and consistency," especially in a crisis. In retrospect, Switz, who describes himself as "a high-metabolism person," doesn't believe he could have done anything different or better. Whether the analysts will ever forget that there was such a surprise, however, is another story. "Forgive is probably a better word," he says.



� CFO Publishing Corporation 2009. All rights reserved.









Robert E. Switz - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert E. Switz
Chairman of the Board at Micron Technology, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert E. Switz? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert E. Switz's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert E. Switz's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert E. Switz's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert E. Switz through your network of contacts.
												








Robert E. Switz's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Micron Technology, Inc.


Board Member, 
Marvell Technology Group Ltd.


Past
To view Robert E. Switz's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Quinnipiac University


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Bridgeport


Age
70

 
 


Robert E. Switz's Biography



Robert E. (Bob) Switz has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2015. Mr. Switz served as the chairman, president and chief executive officer of ADC Telecommunications, Inc., a supplier of broadband network equipment and software, from August 2003 until its acquisition by Tyco Electronics Ltd. (now TE Connectivity Ltd.) in December 2010. From 1994 until August 2003, he served in various senior management positions at ADC, including chief financial officer, executive vice president and senior vice president. Mr. Switz served as a director of ADC from August 2003 until December 2010 and was appointed chairman of the board of d ...
(Read More)

			Robert E. (Bob) Switz has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2015. Mr. Switz served as the chairman, president and chief executive officer of ADC Telecommunications, Inc., a supplier of broadband network equipment and software, from August 2003 until its acquisition by Tyco Electronics Ltd. (now TE Connectivity Ltd.) in December 2010. From 1994 until August 2003, he served in various senior management positions at ADC, including chief financial officer, executive vice president and senior vice president. Mr. Switz served as a director of ADC from August 2003 until December 2010 and was appointed chairman of the board of directors in June 2008. Prior to ADC, Mr. Switz was employed by Burr-Brown Corp., a semiconductor solution provider to the electronics industry, most recently as vice president, chief financial officer and director, ventures and systems business. Mr. Switz served on the boards of directors of Cyan, Inc., a networking hardware and software company, from March 2011 until its acquisition by Ciena Corporation in August 2015 and Broadcom Corporation, a semiconductor company serving the wireless and broadband communication industries, from 2003 until its acquisition by Avago Technologies Ltd. in February 2016. Mr. Switz currently serves on the boards of directors for Micron Technology Inc., a developer of memory and semiconductor technology, and Marvell Technology Group Ltd., a manufacturer of semiconductors, including Ethernet, cable and DSL related communication devices. Mr. Switz holds a B.S. degree in business administration from Quinnipiac University and an M.B.A. degree from the University of Bridgeport. We believe that Mr. Switz is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive global operations, financial and general management experience and expertise developed as a senior executive at large public companies operating in the technology industry as well as considerable directorial and governance experience developed through his service on the boards of directors of several public companies.
		
Source: Gigamon Inc. on 12/08/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert E. Switz's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert E. Switz. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert E. Switz's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert E. Switz's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert E. Switz through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert E. Switz


















Robert E. Switz's Connections (256)





Sign up now to view Robert E. Switz's 256 connections »









David W. Heinzmann
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Littelfuse, Inc.









Mickey P. Foret
Former Board Member, Delta Air Lines, Inc.









Juergen W. Gromer
Former Board Member, TE Connectivity Ltd.









William D. Ingram
Former Executive Vice President, Strategy, Leap Wireless International Inc.









Mitchell L. Gaynor
Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary, Marvell Technology Group Ltd.









Geraldine T. Elliott
Board Member, Whirlpool Corporation









Mary L. Petrovich
Board Member, Woodward, Inc.









J. Kevin Gilligan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Capella Education Company









Eric K. Brandt
Chairman of the Board, Yahoo! Inc.









Rajiv Ramaswami
COO, Products & Cloud Services, VMware, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 



Robert Switz, President and Chief Executive Officer, Adc Telecommunications, Inc. | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Robert Switz


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Robert Switz

Bob Switz, Switz Robert, Robert E. Switz, Switz Robert E., Mr.Robert Switz



President and Chief Executive Officer, Adc Telecommunications, Inc.




Eden Prairie, MN




Find other people named Robert Switz




General Info


Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Robert E. Switz
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Robert E. Switz – Chief Executive Officer and President
 r_switz.zip
(3 MB)
Robert E. Switz was named President and Chief Executive Officer of ADC in August 2003. Prior to this leadership position, Mr. Switz served ADC as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the company. He has played an instrumental role in transforming ADC in recent years, developing and implementing restructuring strategies to ensure the company’s return to profitability in the broadband marketplace.
Mr. Switz served ADC as CFO from January of 1994 until his appointment as CEO. He has also served the company as Sr. Vice President and Executive Vice President during his tenure. Throughout his ADC career, Mr. Switz has held leadership responsibilities for numerous critical functions including strategic planning, business development, corporate technology, marketing communications, sales operations, and information systems. He served as President of the Broadband Access and Transport Group, ADC’s second largest operating group with fiscal year 2000 revenues of $1.0 Billion.
Mr. Switz joined ADC in 1994 after serving as Vice President, European Operations, Ventures & Finance (CFO) at Burr-Brown Corporation, Tucson, Arizona. At Burr-Brown, he held management responsibilities for five start-up ventures and seven European manufacturing and distribution subsidiaries. He also held responsibility for corporate finance, legal, MIS, accounting, purchasing, physical resources, facilities, investor relations and business development. He served Burr-Brown from 1988 to 1994.
Prior to Burr-Brown, Mr. Switz held senior financial management positions at PepsiCo, AMF and Olin Corporation.
Mr. Switz serves as a director on the boards of Micron Technology, Inc. (NYSE: MU) and Broadcom Corporation (NASDAQ: BRCM). In 1999, he was a recipient of the CFO Excellence award from CFO Magazine.
Mr. Switz holds an MBA in Finance from the University of Bridgeport as well as a B.S. in Marketing/Economics from Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Connecticut.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Robert Switzs on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.adc.com/contactadc/corporatecontacts/



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Adc Telecommunications, Inc.

President and Chief Executive Officer





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Adc Telecommunications, Inc.








Kristin Zima

Marketing Spec.
Aug-2007








Brent Ellis

Director, Global Staffing









Mary Pat Pearson

Vice President, Human Resources, Global Connectivity Solutions









Jeri Newhouse










Roseanne Carey










Adc Staffing










Hope Jackson

Financial Analyst









Danuta Woronowicz










Steve Te










Debbie Kretsinger

















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Website/Blog




Career




Industry




Summary




Add 3 Achievements



Add a Photo



Add Education



Add a Social Network



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Video



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c100009a4b1" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/robert-switz-3e1429c09e597c100009a4b1">Robert Switz</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Robert.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More





MU Robert E. Switz Insider Trades for Micron Technology Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Micron Technology Inc.

                  NASDAQ: MU
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Micron Technology Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:59 p.m.


MU

/quotes/zigman/75433/composite


$
32.02




Change

+0.01
+0.03%

Volume
Volume 4.68m
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/75433/composite
Previous close

$
			32.00
		


$
				32.01
			
Change

+0.01
+0.03%





Day low
Day high
$31.62
$32.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $13.02
        

            $32.96
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Robert E. Switz



Mr. Robert E. Switz is Chairman at Micron Technology, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Marvell Technology Group Ltd., Gigamon, Inc., GT Advanced Technologies, Inc., GTAT Corp. and The Communications & Information Technology Association. Mr. Switz was previously employed as an Independent Director by Cricket Wireless LLC, an Independent Director by Cyan, Inc., a Lead Independent Director by Broadcom Corp., President & Chief Executive Officer by ADC Ventures, Inc., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer by ADC Telecommunications, Inc., CFO, VP, Director-Ventures & Systems Business by Burr Brown Corp., a Principal by SliceCo, Inc., a Principal by Olin Mathieson Chemical Corp., and President & Chief Executive Officer by Fiber Optic Network Solutions Corp. He also served on the board at Pulse Electronics Corp., Hickory Tech Corporation and Telecommunications Industry Association. He received his undergraduate degree from Quinnipiac University and an MBA from the University of Bridgeport.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/19/2016
14,360


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/14/2015
13,752


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/21/2014
8,421


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/13/2014
25,000


 
Disposition at $27.56 per share.


689,000


05/07/2014
25,000


 
Disposition at $27.11 per share.


677,750


02/12/2014
15,000


 
Disposition at $25 per share.


375,000


01/16/2014
30,000


 
Disposition at $23.03 per share.


690,900


10/17/2013
14,143


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/17/2012
41,522


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Sanjay  Mehrotra 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Ernest E. Maddock 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. Trevor  Schulze 
Chief Information Officer & Vice President-IT




Mr. Michael J. Rayfield 
Senior Vice President-Mobile Business Unit




Mr. Thomas T. Eby 
Senior VP-Compute & Networking Business Unit




Dr. Scott J. DeBoer 
Executive Vice President-Technology Development




Mr. Brian M. Shirley 
Senior VP-DRAM & Emerging Memory Engineering




Mr. Jeff  VerHeul 
Senior Vice President-Non Volatile Engineering




Mr. Sumit  Sadana 
Chief Business Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Stephen S. Pawlowski 
Vice President-Advanced Computing Solutions




Mr. Darren  Thomas 
Vice President-Storage Business Unit




Mr. Kevin  Dibelius 
Director-Strategic Development




Mr. Scott  Shadley 
Senior Business Development Manager




Ms. Jennafer R. Hopkins 
Head-Government Inquiries




Mr. Michael W. Sadler 
Vice President-Corporate Development




Mr. Jay L. Hawkins 
Vice President-Micron Consumer Products Group




Mr. John F. Schreck 
Vice President-DRAM Development




Mr. Dean A. Klein 
Vice President-Memory System Development




Mr. Ricardo  Perez Botelho 
Development Head




Dr. Gurtej S. Sandhu 
Director




Mr. Kenneth  Rizvi 
Treasurer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. Steven L. Thorsen 
Senior Vice President-Worldwide Sales




Mr. Marc  Musgrove 
Head-Global Public Relations




Mr. Ivan  Donaldson 
Senior Director-Investor Relations




Ms. April L. Arnzen 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Joel L. Poppen 
Secretary, VP-Legal Affairs & General Counsel




Mr. Robert E. Switz 
Chairman




Mr. Richard M. Beyer 
Independent Director




Mr. Patrick J. Byrne 
Independent Director




Ms. Mercedes  Johnson 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence N. Mondry 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert L. Bailey 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:44 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34pAmericans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30
2:59pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
1:48pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead, 30 injured in Walmart parking lot
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:58aPope Francis appeals for dialogue as violence continues in Jerusalem
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































Robert E. Switz of Micron Technology Inc Board of Directors

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



Micron Technology Inc
 MU


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > Robert E. Switz
            
Robert E. Switz, Chairman of the Board



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Robert E. Switz was the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ADC Telecommunications, Inc. (ADC), a supplier of network infrastructure products and services from August 2003 until December 2010, when Tyco Electronics Ltd. acquired ADC. Mr. Switz joined ADC in 1994 and throughout his career there held numerous leadership positions. Within the past five years, Mr. Switz served on the Board of Directors of GT Advanced Technologies Inc., Broadcom Corporation, Cyan, Inc., Pulse Electronics Corporation, and Leap Wireless International, Inc. Mr. Switz currently serves on the Board of Directors for Marvell Technology Group Ltd. and Gigamon, Inc. Mr. Switz holds an MBA from the University of Bridgeport and a BS in Business Administration from Quinnipiac University. Mr. Switz was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors in 2012.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







Marvell Technology Group Ltd
-
AUDIT,BOARD







Micron Technology Inc
2006
AUDIT,BOARD,GOVERNANCE,NOMINATING







Robert E. Switz is connected to 16 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 



















Switz, Robert E. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Robert E. Switz
ROBERT E. SWITZ was named Chief Executive Officer and President of ADC
Telecommunications, Inc., in August 2003. Prior to this leadership
position, Mr. Switz served ADC as Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer. He has played an instrumental role in transforming
ADC in recent years, developing and implementing restructuring
strategies to ensure the company’s return to profitability in the
broadband marketplace. Mr. Switz served ADC as CFO from January 1994
until his appointment as CEO. He has also served the company as Senior
Vice President and Executive Vice President during his tenure.
Throughout his ADC career, Mr. Switz has held leadership
responsibilities for numerous critical functions including strategic
planning, business development, corporate technology, marketing
communications, sales operations and information systems. He served as
President of the Broadband Access and Transport Group, ADC’s second
largest operating group with fiscal year 2000 revenues of $1 billion.
Mr. Switz joined ADC in 1994 after serving as Vice President, European
Operations, Ventures and Finance (CFO) at Burr-Brown Corporation in
Tucson, Arizona. At Burr-Brown, he held management responsibilities for
five start up ventures and seven European manufacturing and distribution
subsidiaries. He also held responsibility for corporate finance, legal,
MIS, accounting, purchasing, physical resources, facilities, investor
relations and business development. He served Burr-Brown from 1988 to
1994. Prior to Burr-Brown, Mr. Switz held senior financial management
positions at PepsiCo, AMF and Olin Corporation. Mr. Switz serves as a
director on the Boards of Hickory Tech Corp. and Broadcom Corporation.
In 1999, he was a recipient of the CFO Excellence award from CFO
Magazine. Mr. Switz holds an MBA in Finance from the University of
Bridgeport as well as a BS in Marketing/Economics from Quinnipiac
University in Hamden, Connecticut.
Related Interviews:Robert Switz - Adc Telecommunications Inc (adct)March 28, 2005ROBERT SWITZ - ADC TELECOMMUNICATIONS INC (ADCT)April 19, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google














Robert E. Switz: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 3:44 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of ADC Ventures



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Robert E. Switz  Fund Manager, ADC VenturesAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mr. Robert E. Switz, also known as Bob, served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of ADC Telecommunications Inc., from August 2003 to December 2010. Mr. Switz served as the Chief Financial Officer of ADC Telecommunications Inc. from January 1994 to August 2003 and served as its Executive Vice President until August 2003. He served as Senior Vice President of ADC Telecommunications Inc. from May 1997 to 2001 and served as its Vice President from January 1994 ... to 1997. He joined ADC Telecommunications Inc. in January 1994. He served as a Fund Manager of ADC Ventures. He served as the President and Chief Financial Officer of the Broadband Access and Transport Group from November 2000 to April 2001. He was employed by Burr-Brown Corporation and served as Vice President of European Operations, Ventures & Finance (Chief Financial Officer) and Director, Ventures & Systems Business from 1988 to 1994. He held senior financial management positions at PepsiCo, AMF and Olin Corporation. He has been Chairman of Micron Technology, Inc. since February 2012. He served as the Chairman of ADC Ventures since May 2001. He served as the Chairman of ADC Telecommunications Inc. from July 2008 to December 2010. Mr. Switz has been Director of Marvell Technology Group Ltd. since May 1, 2016. He has been Independent Director of Micron Technology, Inc. since February 7, 2006. He has been a Director of GT Advanced Technologies Inc. since May 2011, Gigamon Inc. since June 11, 2015 and Recombinetics, Inc., since May 18, 2016. He serves as a Director for Axient Communications, Pulse Electronics Corporation and GTAT Corporation (formerly, GT Solar Incorporated). He served as a Director of Cyan, Inc. from March 2011 to August 3, 2015. He served as a Director of Broadcom Corporation from May 28, 2003 to February 1, 2016 and served as its Lead Independent Director from May 2014 to February 1, 2016. He served as a Director of ADC Telecommunications Inc. from August 13, 2003 to 2010. He served as a Director of Leap Wireless International Inc. from July 28, 2011 to March 13, 2014. He served as a Director of Enventis Corporation from 1999 to April 24, 2006. He served as a Director of Hickory Tech Corp. from 1999 to April 24, 2006. He served as a Director of Adaytum, Inc. He served as a Director of Adaytum Software, Inc. since June 2000. In 1999, he was a recipient of the Chief Financial Officer Excellence award from Chief Financial Officer Magazine and Arthur Andersen. Mr. Switz holds an MBA in Finance from the University of Bridgeport as well as a B.S. in Marketing/Economics and Business Administration from Quinnipiac University in Hamden, Connecticut.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
PO Box 1101Minneapolis, Minnesota 55440United StatesPhone: 952-917-0304Fax: 952-946-3292
Board Members Memberships
DirectorPulse Electronics CorporationDirectorGTAT Corporation2006-PresentChairmanMicron Technology, Inc.2011-PresentDirectorGT Advanced Technologies Inc.2015-PresentDirectorGigamon Inc.2016-PresentDirectorMarvell Technology Group Ltd.2016-PresentDirectorRecombinetics, Inc.
Education
BSBA Quinnipiac UniversityMBA University Of Bridgeport
Other Affiliations
LGC Wireless, Inc.Marvell Technology Group Ltd.ADC Telecommunications Inc.Broadcom CorporationMicron Technology, Inc.Pulse Electronics CorporationEnventis CorporationLeap Wireless International Inc.Adaytum Software, Inc.GTAT CorporationQuinnipiac UniversityUniversity Of BridgeportAdaytum, Inc.GT Advanced Technologies Inc.Cyan, Inc.Recombinetics, Inc.Gigamon Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ADC Ventures, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Robert E Switz - Chicago, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert E Switz in Chicago, IL


Robert E Switz

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert E Switz  is  a male between 70 and 70 years old from Chicago, IL.  We have connected them to
                24 addresses,
                14 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Robert Edward Switz


Get Report Now

Age

Robert E Switz is in his 70s

Robert Has Lived In

Chicago, IL
Tucson, AZ
Minneapolis, MN

Robert's Relatives

Anthony Switz
Aaron Switz
Ryan Switz
Kelley Switz







Robert E Switz



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at ADC Telecommunications , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert E Switz
Get a Criminal Check on Robert E Switz
Get a Public Record Report on Robert E Switz
Get a People Search Report on Robert E Switz


Robert E Switz's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert E Switz has lived as well as Robert E Switz's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert E Switz Has Lived in 5 States
Illinois Address for Robert E Switz


655 W I***** P*** R* 

Chicago, IL


Has Lived In

Chicago, IL
Tucson, AZ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert E Switz

(773) ***-**** - Chicago, IL 
(952) ***-**** - Scottsdale, AZ 
(952) ***-**** - Eden Prairie, MN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert E Switz

r****z@***.com
s**************r@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert E Switz's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Robert E Switz's academic history.  Find out which schools Robert E Switz attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Robert E Switz received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert E Switz Has Attended 3 Schools
Quinnipiac University 
Wilby High School               1960 – 1964                              
Memorial Middle School               1957 – 1961                              


Robert E Switz's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert E Switz's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert E Switz has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert E Switz Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: ADC Telecommunications , Inc.
               Title: President
Company: ADC Telecommunications , Inc.
               Title: Managing Director
Robert E Switz's Experience
Title: President
               Company: ADC Telecommunications , Inc.
Job Details

Title: Managing Director
               Company: ADC Telecommunications , Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Robert E Switz

 See Robert E Switz's LinkedIn Profile



Robert E Switz's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert E Switz


Robert E Switz's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert E Switz's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Switz
Username Matches

                  RobertSwitz
                  SwitzRobert
                  Robert.Switz
                  Switz.Robert
                  Robert_Switz
                  Switz_Robert
                  Robert-Switz
                  Switz-Robert
                  RSwitz
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Switz







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











