



Swych on the App Store





















OverviewMusicVideoCharts




Opening the iTunes Store.If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop.Progress Indicator
Opening the iBooks Store.If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock.Progress Indicator




iTunes
iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection.

        We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app Swych by Swych Inc, get iTunes now.          
      

Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.





iTunes for Mac + PC









Swych
By Swych Inc


View More by This Developer

Open iTunes to buy and download apps.




      
      Description
    
DescriptionSwych is the quick, convenient way to give, get, manage and exchange gift cards all while earning rewards! Every gift received through Swych can be exchanged for a different gift card in seconds so you always give and get exactly what you want, instead of a drawer full of cards you don’t. Swych also lets you load your plastic gift cards into your phone so you can get rid of the clutter and always have the right card with you at the right time.  Plus, you can manage your transactions so you always know how much is left on every card, get exclusive deals on gift cards, send pictures with your gifts and even get personalized recommendations on what your friends and family might like. With gift card options such as Amazon, ToysRus, Sephora, and more, it is the perfect gift – guaranteed all the time.  Give. Get. Swych.  GIVE Send e-gift cards to your friends and family instantly with a simple text or email. Browse our gift card mall to choose a gift for that special someone. Once you’ve selected your gift, you can create a personalized message that can include special text and photos. Not sure what they’d like? Swych offers recommendations for friends and family based on their likes and interest to help you select the perfect gift. But like the weather, situations change and that recent storm might mean they’ll prefer a Lowes gift card over the latest colors at Sephora. With Swych, every gift sent can be exchanged instantly so your gift is always a winner!   Plus, for every dollar spent you’ll even earn Rewards, redeemable for more gift cards! GET When friends, family or co-workers send you a gift card through Swych, you’re getting so much more.  Once a gift is sent, we’ll notify you by email or text instantly. Use our app to say “thanks” to the sender, Swych your gift another that fits your needs, or redeem it instantly and start shopping. Redeem gift cards online or pay in-store with your phone using the Swych app or by adding your gift cards to your Apple Wallet. Don’t forget that within the Swych app most cards automatically update gift card balances as you redeem them.*  SWYCH Got a gift card you didn’t absolutely love? That’s OK we’ve got you covered, only Swych lets you exchange it for one that’s a better for you– instantly. Note: Only eGift cards purchased through Swych are eligible for the swyching feature.MANAGE Store gift cards you received or purchased or received through Swych, or add them to your Apple Wallet with one tap.  When you’re ready to redeem a card, just scan the barcode from your phone at checkout. Shopping online? Simply  type in the required number on the merchant’s website and you’re set. Tired of carrying gift cards with you just in case you’ll need them? Upload your plastic gift cards to Swych and manage them straight from your phone. No need to carry them or worry about losing them again.  Lost your phone? All your cards are backed up with the app and synced to your account so all your gift card info will be saved. DEALSWe think you’re pretty awesome and even if it’s not your birthday this month you deserve something special. We frequently curate deals personalized for you based on your interests and likes. When you shop the gift card mall for yourself you’ll see special deals and promotions for your favorite brands and retailers and for a few we think you might like to try.  REWARDS They say it’s better to give than to receive, but at Swych we think it’s better to do both! Get rewarded for gifts you send! Every dollar you spend earns Swych rewards that can be used for more gift cards. Now that’s something to smile about.

Swych Support


      
      What's New in Version 1.23
    
Bug fixes.



Screenshots

iPhone
iPad









Customers Also Bought








Send Money with RemitlyFinanceView in iTunes








SIFT - Automatic Cash BackFinanceView in iTunes








Plastiq - Pay bill with a photoFinanceView in iTunes








Lenny Credit - Borrow Money. Build Credit.FinanceView in iTunes








CompareRemitFinanceView in iTunes












View in iTunes
This app is designed for both iPhone and iPadFreeCategory: FinanceUpdated: Jun 23, 2017Version: 1.23Size: 55.9 MBLanguage: EnglishSeller: Swych Inc© Swych 2016Rated 4+Compatibility: Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone SE, iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus.


Customer Ratings

  
  

  
  We have not received enough ratings to display an average for the current version of this application.

  
    All Versions:
     42 Ratings












Discover and share new apps.
Follow us on @AppStore.


Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.

Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love.















Swych – Give. Get. Swych




























































 









 









 





INNOVATIVE 

RESPONSIVE 

VERSATILE 

The Perfect Gift
Every Time. 

Send gift cards to friends and family they can instantly Swych for another they prefer.
 

 

 

 

 

GET OUR APP 

 

 

 

 







TONS OF 

DISCOUNTS 

INCLUDED 

The Real
Deal 

Personalized deals from your favorite stores and flash sales with up to 50% off select gift cards.
 

 

 

 

 

 

GET OUR APP 

 

 

 

 







SUPREME 

GOODIES 

FREE 

Bye Bye Bulky
Wallet. 

Upload gift cards to Swych and leave the bulk behind. Use Swych, Apple or Google Wallet to use your gift card at checkout. 

 

 

 

 

GET OUR APP 

 

 

 

 




Get in touch via Social Media 

 

 

 

 


 


 




 














 





 

 








Facebook

Tweet







Made with Love by Swych - Copyright 2016 

Product 

Download Swych App 

Swych for Business 

FAQ 

GiftBot 

Company 

About Us 

Blog 

Careers 

Press 

Contact Us 

College Ambassador Program 

Legal 

Terms 

Privacy 


 






 


 

  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-79773035-1', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');

 



































About – Swych





























































 









 















 





 

DOWNLOAD THE SWYCH APP 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

WE MAKE 

EASY 

Easier 

At Swych, we believe that technology, design, and innovation can create simple solutions everyone can benefit from. Life's little inconveniences really can add up: the average person has $300 in unused gift cards likely just sitting in a drawer collecting dust. We created the Swych mobile gifting app to help: now you can give and get the cards you want and always have them with you when you need them. It's the little wins in life that can make the biggest impact. 

Scroll Down 


 


 




 
Leadership

 


 

Deepak Jain
Co-Founder & CEO

Deepak, a strategic leader with more than 10 years’ experience launching and transforming early-stage startups, specializes in bringing innovative technologies to market. He holds over 55 granted patents and an additional 50 pending patents in payment and security technologies. He co-founded Swych in 2016 with Rob Sabella.








Anu Shultes
Chief Operating Officer

Anu is a consumer-focused payments leader with a passion for bringing innovative financial products to market. She has spent over 20 years in financial services industry, building products, bringing them to the masses through omni channel marketing, and growing businesses to scale. Anu loves building high performing teams and really cool products.






 



 

Stephanie Barrueto
Marketing Director

Stephanie has more than 10 years’ marketing experience resulting in acquisitions from Facebook and Square. She directs media relations, branding, advertising and website development. She manages and oversees sponsorships, events, charitable contributions, marketing training and more.








Linda Yang
Director of Engineering

Linda is a full-stack web and mobile developer who leads her team in creating authentic, clean, and simply smart software products with great user experiences.






 



 

Bot-tlers
Development Team

The Bot-tlers are part of our awesome development team!











 







 

JOIN OUR
TEAM 

GIVE. GET. SWYCH 

Helping others give and get the perfect gift
every time. 

OPENINGS 








 

 





 
Advisors




Tony Sabetti
Tony brings more than 25 years of experience launching innovative mobile products to global markets. He served as senior director of technology at Softcard, a joint venture of AT&T Wireless, Verizon and T-Mobile USA (acquired by Google) and the first multi-platform, multi-bank, multi-OS mobile wallet to provide NFC payments.





Mehul Dasai
Mehul has spent over 20 years in the areas of intellectual property, product development, business development, strategy and international operations, focusing on Information Communication Technologies and related applications worldwide.




David Durant
David is the former Group Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at BlackhawkNetwork Holdings, Inc.




Shailesh J. Mehta Ph.D.
Shailesh is the former Chairman and CEO of Providian Financial, building a Fortune 300 company and a top ten credit card issuer. Prior to Providian, Shailesh was Executive VP of AmeriTrust, Operating General Partner of  WestBridge Capital and served on the boards of Indecomm and FirstSource, and served as General Partner with Invesco. Prior boards include Providian, MasterCard, PayPal and Hanover Direct.




Matt Hall
Matt is a General Partner of HFM Capital where he oversees a diverse portfolio of investments. Prior to HFM, Matt led Amazon’s global payment acceptance group, was the Vice President of Business Development at Vesta Corporation. He has served as a member of the Federal Reserve Bank’s Corporate Payments Advisory Group and is on the non-profit Board of TINFA providing technology to underserved schools in developing countries.




Robert Sabella
Robert, a co-founder of Swych, is a serial entrepreneur, investor, inventor and author. He has started and invested in many companies and invented some products along the way – patents pending. He is a business development leader who specializes in rapid sales growth and is considered a thought leader in the proximity id technologies industry.



Investors







Cerracap Ventures is a Global fund headquartered in California and dedicated to early stage technology investments. Operating out of three hubs of tech innovation (San Francisco, Tel Aviv and Bangalore) Cerracap focuses on Enterprise (B2B) products and solutions in the emerging tech areas of Cyber Security, Analytics, IOT and Healthcare IT.



Need More Info? Contact Us, check out our latest Press, or visit our Blog





 





 

 








Facebook

Tweet







Made with Love by Swych - Copyright 2016 

Product 

Download Swych App 

Swych for Business 

FAQ 

GiftBot 

Company 

About Us 

Blog 

Careers 

Press 

Contact Us 

College Ambassador Program 

Legal 

Terms 

Privacy 


 






 


 

  (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
  (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
  m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
  })(window,document,'script','https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');

  ga('create', 'UA-79773035-1', 'auto');
  ga('send', 'pageview');

 
































	SWYCH Trademark of Swych, Inc.. Serial Number: 87188988 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
SWYCH










 
Get FREE email alerts













SWYCH  Trademark Information
 Swych, Inc.
Downloadable mobile applications for giving to and receiving from others, e-gift cards; downloadable mobile applications for exchanging and managing e-gift cards




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
downloadable   mobile   applications   giving   receiving      egift   cards   downloadable   mobile   applications   exchanging   managing   egift   cards    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SWYCH trademark by Swych, Inc. 
                                in Plano, TX, 75075.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SWYCH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Swych, Inc. of the SWYCH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SWYCH trademark.
                           






On Friday, September 30, 2016,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SWYCH by 
                        Swych, Inc., Plano, TX  75075.
                        The USPTO has given the SWYCH 
                        trademark serial  number of  87188988.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for SWYCH is 
                        
                        
                                            RENUKA RAJAN of 
                                            RAJ ABHYANKER, P.C.,  1580 W. EL CAMINO REAL, SUITE 6 MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040
                                .
                            The SWYCH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SWYCH 
                            is Downloadable mobile applications for giving to and receiving from others, e-gift cards; downloadable mobile applications for exchanging and managing e-gift cards. 
                            





Word mark:
 SWYCH


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/9/2017



  Serial Number:  
87188988


  Filing Date:  
9/30/2016


 Registration Number:  
5199358 


 Registration Date:  
5/9/2017


 Goods and Services: 
Downloadable mobile applications for giving to and receiving from others, e-gift cards; downloadable mobile applications for exchanging and managing e-gift cards


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/21/2017


Last Applicant/Owner:

Swych, Inc.Plano, TX  75075
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


RENUKA RAJAN
RAJ ABHYANKER, P.C.
1580 W. EL CAMINO REAL
SUITE 6
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA 94040





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
10/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SWYCH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/9/2017
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



RENUKA RAJAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SWYCH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search swych on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SWYCH 




SWYCH is providing Downloadable mobile applications for giving to and receiving from others, e-gift cards; downloadable mobile applications for exchanging and managing e-gift cards.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















SWYCH INC Plano TX, 75075 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Swych Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Swych Inc



1721 W Plano Pkwy

Plano,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 75075-8634
							
							 |  view map


(972) 422-7907

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

SWYCH INC in Plano, TX.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2016
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Barnes & Noble


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Coats Electric CO Inc


Walbro


Ideal Construction CO


Hammer & CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Swych Inc
Rate Swych Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Swych Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

ADVENT I LLC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
CONTORNO INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
AZURADISC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

























 




Swych Inc. Careers and Employment | Indeed.com








Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job








Upload your resume


Sign in









Find CompaniesSwych Inc.AboutReviews13SalariesPhotosJobsQ&AAbout Swych Inc.Swych uses cutting edge technology to bring the vape community the best buying experience possible. We provide seamless searching, effortless buying, and a steady influx of the hottest products.SalariesVideographer7 salaries reported$500 per weekMost Reported$290$820Sales Representative6 salaries reported$15.00 per hour$7.25$20.50See all 2 Swych Inc. salariesClaimed Profile





Jobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms















