
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


    Casey Sylla | The Allstate Corporation | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















				With Casey J. Sylla of Allstate Financial Group
	



























































































































With Casey J. Sylla of Allstate Financial Group





Jul 25, 2005 @ 12:01 am
By 
	Gary S. Mogel


















      Casey J. Sylla's mission is to get insurance and other financial products out of Allstate's "good hands" and into the hands of clients via the company's marketing channels - agents, broker-dealers and banks. The 61-year-old executive is chairman and president of Allstate Financial Group, the insurance and investment marketing arm of Northbrook, Ill.-based Allstate Corp."Casey is a wonderful partner and mentor. He excels at building relationships with people," said Melissa Gaustad, chief marketing officer and senior vice president of U.S. Bancorp Investments Inc. in St. Paul, Minn., which distributes Allstate products. "He has a way of pulling people together and making them feel valued.""Casey is a very smart individual and adroit businessman," said Frank Keating, chief executive of the American Council of Life Insurers in Washington. "He is a tremendous advocate for the life insurance industry. I've seen him at work, walking the halls of Congress. He is knowledgeable and personable, providing the industry with top-flight representation."
				



Q. How have Allstate's marketing and distribution methods evolved in recent years?A. We have made a major commitment to non-proprietary distribution. Approximately 15% of our current business comes from our Allstate agencies. The remainder comes from our bank, broker-dealer, and independent-agency channels.Q. What types of products are being sold through the various channels?A. The banks have been primarily a fixed-annuity channel for us, but that is changing. We are now selling more variable annuities and single-premium life insurance products through banks. Banks appear to be comfortable with single-premium products.The broker-dealer channel used to be primarily a variable annuity channel but is also diversifying into fixed annuities. Our independent agents concentrate primarily on life insurance, fixed annuities and equity-indexed annuities.Q. Have there been any special challenges or frustrations in obtaining business through the bank channel?A. The nature of bank customers is that they mainly want mortgages, savings products, checking accounts and other typical services from their banks. They appear to be more conservative, and they like products with guaranteed features. They do not appear willing to purchase products that do not fit their risk profile. Providing them with a measure of safety is the key to getting their business. As banks continue to build the skill sets of their financial representatives, they will start selling a broader range of products to their customers.Q. What are you telling financial advisers to concentrate on when developing retirement and insurance programs for clients?A. When I speak with producers, I point out that there will be a tidal wave of 70 to 80 million people from the baby boomer generation entering retirement during the next 25 years and that many are financially unprepared for retirement. There will also be the largest generational wealth transfer in history from this generation, presenting an opportunity for advisers to develop financial products to fund clients' retirement and help them transfer assets to their heirs.At the same time, many employers are opting out of their defined benefit pension plans, opening the door for advisers to provide other forms of retirement savings for clients. In addition to all of this, the viability of the Social Security and Medicare systems is uncertain, so private-sector solutions are needed.Q. Where are variable annuity sales headed?A. There has been some slowdown in sales due to the bad press variable annuities have received, but the VA market is still strong and evolving. Much depends on the performance of the stock market. If you don't have reasonable growth in equity valuations in the future, VAs will become less attractive.Q. What can be done to control variable annuity sales abuses such as inappropriate VA sales to seniors?A. Better screening and internal sales procedures by producers. Broker-dealers have their own compliance units, and we work in concert with the compliance officers of the BDs, as well as those in the bank channel.Q. I've heard some say that variable annuities offer too many guarantees and that their core purpose has been lost. Do you agree?A.There have been a lot of bells and whistles added in an attempt at one-upmanship by the insurance industry. From the consumer's perspective, VA products have become very difficult to understand. At Allstate, we try to be forthright in what we do, and not be product pushers. We believe in a needs-based selling approach and have sales tools that help producers screen customers who are candidates for VAs.Q. What are some of the mistakes that insurers have made with their sales channels?A. Not helping the producers do their jobs and not making it easy for them to conduct their business. Producers need more than just product descriptions - insurance companies have to provide them with sales and marketing tools. They need help in building their client service capabilities and their brand, as well as in offering the right product to the right customer at the right price.Q. How have life insurance sales fared recently in the various distribution channels?A. Life insurance is always a difficult sale because people don't believe that they will die prematurely. They know that they have to buy auto insurance, but they don't think that they have to buy life insurance. They would rather contemplate the investment issues related to living too long than the insurance issues of dying too soon. The bottom line is that many people are woefully underinsured, and that creates opportunities for sales.The broker-dealer and bank channels sometimes struggle with life insurance sales because the process takes a lot of time. It's a holistic discussion of individual and family needs. Some producers in these channels have a transaction orientation - they prefer to sell mutual funds, fixed annuities and other products that take less time.On the other hand, the agents are used to the more involved sales process and are stronger at selling life insurance products.Q. What are your predictions for the future of the life insurance industry?A. I'm optimistic about the future due to the tremendous opportunities presented by the needs of all the people who are preparing for retirement. On the other hand, intense competition in the industry will put pressure on returns. That will probably lead to more consolidation. In order to survive and retain clients, companies will have to have scale and sell multiple products across multiple channels.









0
Comments

What do you think?
View comments



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.










Recommended for you













Related stories










Cetera loses bank brokers managing $750 million ​ 














More advisers disapprove of Trump job performance at six-month mark














Most women flunk retirement income literacy quiz
Blog










Sponsored financial news




Most popular



1



Fidelity taps Goldman Sachs to expand lending services through RIAs





2



More advisers disapprove of Trump job performance at six-month mark





3



Jay Clayton says SEC, DOL can give market 'clarity' on fiduciary rule








Upcoming Event



Aug
01

Webcast
An Adviser's Guide to Developing NextGen Talent
As the registered investment advisory business matures, it's clear we need to focus on a new generation of talent.Research from InvestmentNews shows that firms of seven or more full-time individuals employing at least one NextGen... Learn more












Featured video

		Events
Amy Florian: Issues with elder abuse and diminished capacityAs clients age, they become increasingly susceptible to diminished capacity and/or elder abuse.  Amy Florian of Corgenius explains the nature and causes of diminished capacity and the signs to watch for.Video SpotlightWill It Last As Long As Your Clients Do?Sponsored by Prudential		Events
What top advisers are doing to stay ahead of the curve




Channels

INTV
Events
Practice Makeover
Smarter in 60 Seconds
Secrets Behind Success
Gadget Girl
The Secret Life of...
Consuelo Mack Wealthtrack









Latest news & opinion




Fidelity taps Goldman Sachs to expand lending services through RIAs
Streamlined non-purpose loans use investment portfolios as collateral.






Jay Clayton says SEC, DOL can give market 'clarity' on fiduciary rule
Chief regulator is confident two agencies could reach 'common ground' on an investment advice standard across all accounts. 






Vanguard winning at bond inflows, too
But iShares is strong competition.






Sen. Gary Peters brings broker background to work every day on Capitol Hill
Michigan Democrat resists ripping up DOL fiduciary rule but would be open to some changes.






DOL fiduciary rule causing DC-plan record keepers to change business with insurance agents
Principal has communicated that independent agents must change their business models to keep receiving compensation.





 
 







X


Subscribe and Save 60%




Premium AccessPrint + Digital
Learn more
















Subscribe to Print
Newsletter Sign-up
Register





Now in print


This week's issue
To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here.
Past Issues
July 8, 2017
June 24, 2017
June 17, 2017


Subscribe to Print



Get daily news & intel

The pulse of the financial advisory industry.








Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox.
view all newsletters





Connect with us

Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data









Follow @newsfromIN
Follow @eventsfromIN
Follow @statsfromIN


Follow InvestmentNews
Financial Adviser Group
Retirement Income Summit Group
Alternative Investments Conference
40 Under 40


Like us on Facebook
Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews.



Latest News & Opinion
Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews.


















































Casey Sylla













Casey Sylla
HomeDatabaseWho We AreWhat We OfferRegisterSign In


ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ

DescriptionCasey J. Sylla retired on March 31, 2007, as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allstate Life Insurance Company, a principal division of the Allstate Insurance Company, a company offering life insurance, annuities and related retirement and savings products. Mr. Sylla previously served in various strategically important roles at Allstate including President of Allstate Financial Group from 2002 to 2006 and Chief Investment Officer for Allstate Corporation, the holding company for Allstate Insurance Company, from 1995 to 2002. Mr. Sylla is also a director of Northern Funds and Northern Institutional Funds. From December 2003 to August 2007, Mr. Sylla was a director of Spirit Finance Corporation, a real estate finance company. Mr. Sylla currently serves as the GATX Lead Director. He provides substantial management, business and leadership experience based upon his experience as a senior-level executive.To view the detailed information, you need to SUBSCRIBE with us.








MALIPAYON FUND INFORMATION
				2/F Mallery Building, Tres Fuentes
				6116 Silay City, Negros Occidental
				Philippines
				Phone:
				PH Line : +63 34 495 3677
				VoIP Line : +161316291005			
			


DO YOU HAVE QUESTIONS/COMMENTS?

Your Email : 
Message : 

Send









