














	Symetra Introduces New Fee-based Fixed Indexed Annuities-Symetra Advisory Edge and Symetra Advisory Income Edge

























 ABOUT US  |  SERVICES  | SUBSCRIPTIONS  | LOGIN | SIGNUP









Follow @tmcnet


SUBSCRIBE TO TMCnet







COMMUNITIES


TMCnet's Online Communities™


BPA (3rd Party Remote Call Monitoring)
Business VoIP
Call Accounting
Call Center Management
Call Center Scheduling
Call Recording
Cloud IT
Cloud Security
Communications Applications




Conferencing
Contact Center Solutions
Cyber Security
Enterprise Cloud
Fraud & Identity
FSMA-Food Safety Modernization Act
Hybrid WAN
IP PBX
IP Phones
Lync Migration




 Master Agent 
 Multi-Gigabit Ethernet 
Next Generation Communications
Omni-Channel Customer Engagement
Open Networking
Power Protection
Real Time Communications
SD WAN
Shaping Influence




SIP Trunking
Skype for Business
Software Licensing
Software Monetization
Telemarketing Software
Transforming Network Infrastructure
Unified Communications
Virtual Office




Virtual PBX 
VoIP Gateways
VoIP Solutions
Web-scale Networking
Wholesale VoIP
Workforce Management
Workforce Optimization
Workforce Optimization Software










PUBLICATIONS


TMCnet Magazines

Internet Telephony Magazine
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here
 CUSTOMER 
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here 


Cloud Computing Magazine
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here
IoT EVOLUTION MAGAZINE
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here 





EVENTS

TMCnet Events



All About the API
Asterisk World
AstriCon




Communications 20/20
CVx (ChannelVision Expo )
DevCon5







IoT Evolution Expo


ITEXPO 


MSP Expo 

Real Time Web Solutions Conference-New York





The Blockchain Event 




AWARDS
TECHNOLOGIES

TMCnet's Technology Sites



Cable Technology
CustomerZone360
DevsWorld
Fog Computing World
Financial Technology

HTML5
HealthTechzone 
Information Technology





MobilityTechzone

MSP Today
NFVZone

SDN Zone

Sports Technology 

TechZone360
Wearable Tech World
WebRTC World





MORE NEWS


Browse News by Topics



Consumer
Reseller
Security




CaaS
Healthcare Technology
Insurance Technology






BLOGS


TMCnet BLOGGERS


Rich Tehrani
Peter Radizeski
Steve Anderson
Suzanne Bowen
Alan Percy




Next Generation Communications
Jim Machi
Denise D'Arienzo
E-Commerce Rules
More >> 





MORE  



TMCnet Resources

Account-based marketing (ABM)
ApexTechServices
Awards
Blogs
Buyers' Guide
Content Marketing
eBooks
Research Reports

Snapshots 
Strategic Solutions Series
TMCLabs
TMCnet Workplace Excellence Awards
Videos
Webinars
White Papers



About TMCnet

Contributors
Contact Us
Corporate News
Directions
Employment
Management
Media Kit
PR Resources
TMCnet Services
Technology Marketing Corporation



Subscriptions

FREE Magazine Subscriptions
FREE eNewsletters
News Alerts and Custom RSS Feeds


Follow Us Your Way

Twitter
Facebook
RSS Feed
Google










MARKETS » NFV  HTML5 WebRTC 
 HOT TOPICS »   CONTACT CENTER SOLUTIONS
 CALL RECORDING 
 MULTI-GIGABIT ETHERNET  






RESOURCE  CENTER  - WHITE PAPERS   |   WEBINARS   |   EBOOKS   |   TMCLabs   |   VIDEOS|   MEDIA KIT






 TMC NEWS 
TMCNET eNEWSLETTER SIGNUP


SUBMIT















Symetra Introduces New Fee-based Fixed Indexed Annuities-Symetra Advisory Edge and Symetra Advisory Income Edge










[July 24, 2017]


Symetra Introduces New Fee-based Fixed Indexed Annuities-Symetra Advisory Edge and Symetra Advisory Income Edge







 Symetra Life Insurance Company, a leading fixed annuity provider, has 
 introduced two new fixed indexed annuities built for fee-based planning-Symetra 
 Advisory Edge and Symetra Advisory Income Edge. Both 
 annuities provide retirement customers with asset protection and 
 interest crediting opportunities through multiple index options, 
 including the JPMorgan ETF Efficiente® 5 Index.
 

 "The addition of Advisory Edge and Advisory Income Edge to Symetra's 
 broad suite of fixed 
 indexed annuity products offers advisors greater choice and aligns 
 with our commitment to providing transparent, flexible options that add 
 value and fit the needs of today's retirement marketplace," said Kevin 
 Rabin, vice president of Retirement Products. "Symetra's commitment to 
 adapting our products to meet our partners' evolving needs is one of our 
 core strengths. Expanding our lineup of commissionable FIAs to include 
 these new fee-based products allows advisors and their clients to decide 
 which planning model best suits their retirement objectives."
 

 Advisory Edge and Advisory Income Edge offer:
 


Index Choices-Credited interest based on the performance 
 of the ETF Efficiente Index and/or S&P 500® Index, up 
 to a cap.
 

Protection of a Fixed Annuity-Purchase payments and 
 previously credited interest are protected from market losses.
 


 In addition:
 


Lifetime Income with the Potential to Grow-Advisory 
 Income Edge's guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) provides 
 income that can last a lifetime, with upside potential both before and 
 after payments begin.
 


 For more information about Symetra Advisory Edge, Symetra Advisory 
 Income Edge or any of Symetra's annuity products, contact the Symetra 
 Retirement Sales Desk at 1-800-706-0700.
 

About Symetra


 Symetra Life Insurance Company is a subsidiary of Symetra Financial 
 Corporation, a diversified financial services company based in Bellevue, 
 Washington. In business since 1957, Symetra provides employee benefits, 
 annuities and life insurance through a national network of benefit 
 consultants, financial institutions, and independent agents and 
 advisors. For more information, visit 


 Symetra Advisory Income Edge and Advisory Edge are individual 
 single-premium fixed indexed deferred annuities with a market value 
 adjustment feature. Annuities are issued by Symetra Life Insurance 
 Company, 777 108th Avenue NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004. Contract 
 form number is ICC14_RC1in most states. The Guaranteed Lifetime 
 Withdrawal Benefit Rider form number is ICC15_RE1 in most states. 
 Product and rider are not available in all U.S. states or any U.S. 
 territory. Terms and conditions may vary.
 

 Market value adjustment does not apply in California.
 

 A rider is a provision of the annuity with additional costs, potential 
 benefits and features that should never be confused with the annuity 
 itself.
 

 Guarantees and benefits are subject to the claims-paying ability of 
 Symetra Life Insurance Company.
 

 Symetra Advisory Income Edge and Advisory Edge have fixed and indexed 
 accounts. Interest credited to the indexed accounts is affected by the 
 value of outside indexes. Values based on the performance of any index 
 are not guaranteed. The contract does not directly participate in any 
 outside investment.
 

 If the contract is being funded with multiple purchase payments, e.g. 
 1035 exchanges, funds will be held and the contract will not be issued 
 until all purchase payments have been received. Interest is not credited 
 between the dates the purchase payments are received and the date the 
 contract is issued.
 

 Except for the JPMorgan ETF Efficiente 5 Index, the performance of an 
 index does not reflect the payment or reinvestment of dividends.
 

 It is not possible to invest in an index.
 

 Symetra reserves the right to add or remove any index or indexed 
 interest crediting method options. If any index is discontinued or if 
 the calculation of any index is changed substantially, Symetra reserves 
 the right to substitute a comparable index.
 

 The S&P 500 Index is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("SPDJI"), 
 and has been licensed for use by Symetra Life Insurance Company (SLIC). 
 Standard & Poor's®, S&P® and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of 
 Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC ("S&P"); Dow Jones® is a 
 registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones"); 
 and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and its 
 affiliates and sublicensed for certain purposes by SLIC. Symetra 
 Advisory Income Edge and Advisory Edge are not sponsored, endorsed, sold 
 or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates, and 
 none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability 
 of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any 
 errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500 Index.
 

 The JPMorgan ETF Efficiente® 5 ("JPM ETF Efficiente Index") has been 
 licensed to Symetra Life Insurance Company (the "Licensee") for the 
 Licensee's benefit. Neither the Licensee nor Symetra Advisory Income 
 Edge and Advisory Edge (the "Product") is sponsored, operated, endorsed, 
 recommended, sold or promoted by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS") or 
 any of its affiliates (together and individually, "JPMorgan"). JPMorgan 
 makes no representation and gives no warranty, express or implied, to 
 contract owners in or those otherwise taking exposure to the Product. 
 Such persons should seek appropriate professional advice before making 
 any investment. The JPM ETF Efficiente Index has been designed and is 
 compiled, calculated, maintained and sponsored by JPMS without regard to 
 the Licensee, the Product or any contract owner. JPMorgan is under no 
 obligation to continue compiling, calculating, maintaining or sponsoring 
 the JPM ETF Efficiente Index. JPMorgan may independently issue or 
 sponsor other indices or products that are similar to and may compete 
 with the JPM ETF Efficiente Index and the Product. JPMorgan may also 
 transact in assets referenced in the Index (or in financial instruments 
 such as derivatives that reference those assets). These activities could 
 have a positive or negative effect on the value of the JPM ETF 
 Efficiente Index and the Product.
 

 Interest is credited to indexed accounts using a point-to-point 
 crediting method which compares the value of the index at the beginning 
 of the one-year interest term to its value at the end of the interest 
 term, subject to a cap (maximum). The indexed interest cap is set at the 
 beginning of each interest term. If the index performance is positive, 
 interest is credited for that term, not to exceed the cap. If the index 
 performance is negative, no interest is credited for that term.
 

 The interest for each indexed account option is calculated separately 
 and is subject to its own floor and cap. Indexed interest is calculated 
 and credited (if applicable) at the end of each annual interest term.
 

 Withdrawals from an indexed account before the end of the term will not 
 receive interest for that term.
 

 We will deduct the GLWB Rider Charge for each Interest Term the Rider is 
 in effect. Please refer to the contract for more information.
 

 Products and services vary by distributor.
 

 Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, 
 WA 98004. All rights reserved.
 

 Symetra® is a registered service mark of Symetra Life Insurance Company.
 


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170724005937/en/

[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]





























              Videos


                    AudioCodes Adds VoIP Phones to HD Lineup
                  11/06/2008


                    Interview with INBRICS
                  02/03/2010


                    mLearning: a powerful tool for growth in developing countries
                  07/13/2012





              White Papers


                    Identity Management as a Service


                    GRUComâ€™s Implementation of Media Conversion


                    Success:  Turning Your MSP Strategy On Its Head





              Podcasts


                    Sprint Podcast- Convergence as a Network Strategy


                    United States Military Harnesses Power of Satellite Optimization


                    Interactive Intelligence Launches New Blog





              Sessions














Upcoming Events




ITEXPO: February 14 - 16, 2018 |  Fort Lauderdale, Florida   





Real Time Web Solutions Conference: February 14 - 16, 2018 |  Fort Lauderdale, Florida 






IoT Evolution Expo : January 22-25, 2018|  Orlando, Florida   













LATEST VIDEOS



 ITEXPO Florida 2016 







  ConnectLeader




  ConnectLeader




  XKL at TEX 2016




VIEW ALL VIDEOS



DOWNLOAD CENTER


WHITEPAPERS 


Guide: Four Strategies to Modernize Outbound Customer Engagement
FREE DOWNLOAD


The Zadara Storage Cloud - A Validation of its Use Cases and Economic Benefits
FREE DOWNLOAD


A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper
FREE DOWNLOAD


VIEW ALL WHITE PAPERS









UPCOMING  WEBINARS








 Embedded Modules to Gateways: Choosing the Right Cellular Technology for IoT Deployments
REGISTER NOW





 Driving Operational Efficiency in the Digital Supply Chain
REGISTER NOW





 How to Know if Your Cloud Decision is Right for Your SMB
REGISTER NOW





 An Inside Look at Ransomware-As-A-Service
REGISTER NOW





 4 Reasons to Build Your Own IoT Solution – Or Not
REGISTER NOW


VIEW ALL WEBINARS


MOST POPULAR STORIES



What is the New Age of Telecom?
Aspect Via Enterprise Earns Product of the Year Award
Researchers Explore Potential of Outdoor Video Conferencing
SSH Keys: Cybersecurity's Largest Blind Spot
8x8 Unveils Engineering 'Super Team'



















Technology Marketing Corporation

35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA
Ph: 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800 
Fx: 203-866-3326 

General comments:

tmc@tmcnet.com. 
Comments about this site: webmaster@tmcnet.com.



IMPORTANT


 ADVERTISE
 CHANNELS
 COMMUNITIES
 EVENTS 
 FREE ENEWSLETTERS
 INDUSTRIES
 MEDIA KITS
 NEWS ALERTS
 PUBLICATIONS  
 PODCAST 
 TMCNET SERVICES
 VIDEOS 
 WEBINARS  
 WHITE PAPER LIBRARY  



SUBSCRIPTIONS


FREE Magazine Subscriptions
FREE eNewsletters
News Alerts and Custom RSS Feeds



Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters
CLICK HERE


STAY CURRENT YOUR WAY













© 2017 Technology Marketing Corporation. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy 























Symetra Life Deferred | Annuity Digest































Jump to Navigation



















Main menuHomePerspectives - Featured Content - Opinion - News - Tom's Blog - Ratings & Reviews - Buying Guide - Glossary - Most Popular Annuities - Lists and FavoritesFind - Annuities - Companies - Financial Advisors - DownloadsCalculators - Annuity - Longevity - RetirementCommunity - Guest Content - Discussion Forums - Contribute Content - Create Directory Listings - Most Commented - Advertise & Promote - Social - PartnersStay Informed - Email Newsletter Sign-up - Contact Us - Follow Us - About






Home
PerspectivesFeatured Content
Opinion
News
Tom's Blog
Ratings & Reviews
Buying Guide
Glossary
Most Popular Annuities
Lists and Favorites

FindAnnuities
Companies
Financial Advisors
Downloads

CalculatorsAnnuity
Longevity
Retirement

CommunityGuest Content
Discussion Forums
Contribute Content
Create Directory Listings
Most Commented
Advertise & Promote
Social
Partners

Stay InformedEmail Newsletter Sign-up
Contact Us
Follow Us
About








Home > Companies > Symetra > Symetra Life Deferred 


Search form

Search 












Symetra Life Deferred offered by Symetra















Introduction
Type of Product

Variable Annuity 

Product NameSymetra Life Deferred
Offered bySymetra
Company InfoSymetra Financial provides ...						read more




Contract and Purchasing


Minimum Additional Premium Payment100  


Investments


Total Number of Investment Options6 [Find annuities with more investment options] 


Fixed Account





Features and Benefits


Free WithdrawalsYes  Free Withdrawal Limit10  Guaranteed Death BenefitAvailable  Are Telephone Transactions AllowedYes  


Fees and Expenses


Minimum Total Fees and Expenses1.66 [Find annuities with lower fees and expenses] Maximum Total Fees and Expenses2.44 [Find annuities with lower fees and expenses] Minimum Mortality and Expense Risk Charge "M&E Fee"1.2 [Find annuities with lower mortality and expense fees] Maximum Mortality and Expense Risk Charge "M&E Fee"1.2 [Find annuities with lower mortality and expense fees] Administrative Fee30.00 [Find annuities with lower administrative fees] Contract Maintenance Fee0 [Find annuities with lower contract maintenance fees]

Early Withdrawal Charges / Surrender Fees
												 printEmpty(); ?>
											
Minimum Investment Management Fee0.46 [Find annuities with lower investment management fees] Maximum Investment Management Fee1.24 [Find annuities with lower investment management fees] 


Sales Compensation


Maximum Commissions5.5 [Find annuities with lower commissions] [Find annuities with higher commissions] 


Contact Information


Company OfferingSymetra
Company TypeInsurance Company
Phone Number800-796-3872
Websitewww.symetra.com



Talk to a Financial Advisor


Contact Information
Connect with a Financial Advisor





Reviews and Ratings


Average Review
 No reviews yet







Key Phrases:
Annuity Product Types: Variable Annuity 






Add new comment



While efforts are made to keep information on this page accurate and updated, the information shown on this page may be variable or out of date. Always check the issuing company's website or other public data listings for the latest information applicable to you as actual information may vary.









Advertisement


















Trending Now


  
 First SunAmerica 

 Target Select Family
 

 Prudential Premier Retirement Variable Annuities X Series 

 HSBC Retirement Report Discusses "Perfect Storm"  
 















Follow Us



Navigation
Home
PerspectivesFeatured Content
Opinion
News
Tom's Blog
Ratings & Reviews
Buying Guide
Glossary
Most Popular Annuities
Lists and Favorites

FindAnnuities
Companies
Financial Advisors
Downloads

CalculatorsAnnuity
Longevity
Retirement

CommunityGuest Content
Discussion Forums
Contribute Content
Create Directory Listings
Most Commented
Advertise & Promote
Social
Partners

Stay InformedEmail Newsletter Sign-up
Contact Us
Follow Us
About




Recent Articles 



 Would it be advisable to switch from my annuity to another type of investment?  

 An Interview with Peter Nakada of RMS  

 S. Jay Olshansky on Why the Message is All About Extending Health  

 Moshe Milevsky Discusses Tontines for the 21st Century  

 Are there single premium immediate annuities offered direct from A++ rated companies?  




Latest Tweets



 The secret history of the banking crisis https://t.co/moHmRWDC22 via @prospect_uk        —   
   3 days 23 hours ago  

 Longevity Annuities Can Improve DC Plan Participant Retirement Wealth https://t.co/46yM7Ywsw5        —   
   6 days 23 hours ago  





Copyright 2008-2017, Annuity Digest. All rights reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Symetra Financial Newsroom: Product Glossary























Symetra Home


Press Room


Investor Relations







		
			Product Glossary 
		
	


PRESS ROOM
Press Room Main
News Release Archive
Symetra News & Views
Media Contacts
Multimedia
E-mail Alerts
Request Information
RSS Feeds







Printable Version



401(k), an employer-sponsored retirement savings program that allows employees to save pre-tax dollars for retirement, thereby reducing current federal taxable income.
403(b), a retirement savings tool that allows employees of certain employer groups, such as public education institutions, or nonprofit organizations to make contributions on a pretax basis through salary deferral.
Defined benefit plans, commonly known as pension plans, these are designed to distribute a specific monthly benefit at retirement.
Defined contribution plans, a retirement savings tool that includes 401(a), 401(k), 403(b) or 457(b) plans. The benefits to a participant depend on contributions made to, and the investment return on, the participant’s account.
Disability income insurance, provides a weekly or monthly income benefit for insured who are disabled due to a covered injury or sickness.
Deferred annuities, contracts used to accumulate funds for future use, normally in retirement. Earnings are not taxed until withdrawn.
Fixed annuities, contracts that guarantee accumulation interest rates (for deferred annuities) and/or specific benefit payment amounts (for immediate annuities). The amounts credited or paid will not fluctuate regardless of adverse changes in the insurance company’s mortality experience, investment return and expenses. They typically appeal to individuals with a conservative risk tolerance.
Group life insurance, life insurance coverage for a group of people under one insurance contract, such as employees of a business firm.
Income annuities (immediate annuities), contracts established with a one-time purchase payment intended to provide a guaranteed stream of income for a predetermined number of years or for life.
IRA, a tax-deferred retirement savings plan that is typically set up by the individual rather than as a company-sponsored plan.
Limited benefit medical insurance, a medical policy, contract, or certificate offered or marketed as supplemental medical insurance that pays specified amounts according to a schedule of benefits.
Longevity insurance, a form of fixed deferred annuity that enables customers to use a small portion of current savings to buy guaranteed income for their later years of retirement.
Roth IRA, contributions to this type of retirement savings account are made with after-tax dollars, however it grows income-tax free.
Section 457, a retirement savings tool that allows employees of certain employer groups such as state governments, churches and nonprofit organizations to save pretax dollars for retirement.
Stop loss insurance, protects companies with self-funded health plans against large, potentially catastrophic medical claims.
Structured settlement annuities, typically purchased by property and casualty insurance companies for the benefit of an injured claimant with benefits scheduled to be paid throughout a fixed period or for the life of the claimant. They provide an alternative to a lump sum settlement generally in a personal injury lawsuit.
Term life insurance, stays in effect for only a specified, limited period. It provides a death benefit if the insured dies during the specified period in the policy. Term is typically a less expensive form of life insurance.
Universal life insurance, permanent insurance that is characterized by flexible premiums, flexible face amounts and unbundled pricing factors. A key benefit is the ability to withdraw the cash value or borrow against it at a low-to-zero net cost.
Variable annuities, either deferred or immediate contracts where the annuitant’s contributions are invested by the insurance company in one or more securities portfolios. A variable annuity offers a range of investment options. For deferred annuities, the accumulation interest rate and the value of the account will vary depending on the performance of the investment options that are chosen. For immediate annuities, the benefit payment amounts may vary depending on the performance of the underlying investment options.
Variable life insurance, an investment-oriented life insurance policy that provides a return linked to an underlying portfolio of securities. The policyholder has discretion in choosing among available subaccounts, such as a common stock fund, bond fund, or money market fund.
Variable universal life insurance, combines permanent insurance with investment flexibility. The death benefit and cash value can fluctuate, either up or down, based on the performance of the investments.
Whole life insurance, permanent insurance with fixed premiums for the life of the policy. It provides guaranteed cash value that can be borrowed against.
Worksite life insurance, individual life insurance policies available through employers, on a voluntary, payroll-deduction basis.
About Symetra Financial 
Symetra Financial Corporation (NYSE: SYA) is a diversified financial services company based in Bellevue, Wash. In business since 1957, Symetra provides employee benefits, annuities and life insurance through a national network of benefits consultants, financial institutions and independent agents and advisors. 

Securities are offered through Symetra Securities, Inc. ("SSI"), member SIPC. Annuities and life insurance are issued and employee benefits are insured by Symetra Life Insurance Company and are not available in all U.S. states or any U.S. territories. SSI and SLIC are affliliates and both are located at 777 108th Avenue NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004-5135.









						Symetra News & Views
					




							Check out recent Symetra news coverage and bylined articles.
Margaret Meister builds culture, financial strength at Symetra
							Symetra Chief Financial Officer Margaret Meister was honored by the Puget Sound Business Journal as one of its 2015 CFO of the Year Award recipients. The annual awards recognize financial professionals in Washington State for exceptional financial stewardship and corporate leadership. Ms. Meister, who received the ‘CFO Leadership Award,’ discusses her 27-year career at Symetra, the importance of teamwork, aligned values and the road ahead.
  
							(More News & Views).
						









					Press Room Login
				







									Username:
									




									Password:
									









Register
										 |  
										Forgot Password













			Press Room Search










								Year:
								


2013
2014
2015
2016
2017




								Keywords:
								








Advanced Search




















About Us
Careers
Investors
Press Room
Our History
In the Community




Do Business with Us
Forms for Customers
Forms for New York Customers
Financial Professionals
Brokers and Consultants




Site Information
Privacy
Security
Business Continuity




Related Companies
First Symetra National Life of New York
Clearscape Funding Corporation
Commercial Mortgage Loan
Symetra Assigned Benefit Service Company (SABSCO)
Symetra Securities, Inc.




Connect with Us
Facebook
Customer Service





				Copyright © 2004 - 2017 Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004. All rights reserved.
				Symetra® and the Symetra Financial logo are registered service marks of Symetra Life Insurance Company.
			












FIA Trend Continues with New Product From Symetra - Annuityfyi.com


 






























































 For Investment Professionals
 Find an Advisor
 Ask Annuity FYI By Email







AnnuityFYI 




Your resource for learning about, comparing, and selecting the most competitive annuities since 2000.



3298likes
1716followers
118followers

Contact Annuity FYI by Phone
1-866-223-2121
 


Toggle navigation














Home / Blog / FIA Trend Continues with New Product From Symetra 









FIA Trend Continues with New Product From Symetra

By	
Rachel Summit, with Annuity FYI


in Annuities, Annuity, Fixed Indexed Annuities, GLWB, Retirement, Symetra Life Insurance Company 
 

The trend in fee-based fixed indexed annuities continues with a recent announcement from Symetra Life Insurance Company. The leading fixed annuity provider has introduced two new FIAs built for fee-based planning, according to a recent press release. Symetra Advisory Edge and Symetra Advisory Income Edge both provide customers planning for retirement with asset protection and opportunities for interest crediting through multiple index options, including the JPMorgan ETF Efficiente® 5 Index. 
“The addition of Advisory Edge and Advisory Income Edge to Symetra’s broad suite of fixed indexed annuity products offers advisors greater choice and aligns with out commitment to providing transparent, flexible options that add value and fit the needs of today’s retirement marketplace,” said vice president of Retirement Products, Kevin Rabin. “Symetra’s commitment to adapting our products to meet our partners’ evolving needs is one of our core strengths. Expanding our lineup of commissionable FIAs to include these new fee-based products allows advisors and their clients to decide which planning model best suits their retirement objectives,” he added. 
The new fixed indexed annuities offer:

Index Choices: Credited interest based on the performance of the S&P 500® Index and/or the ETF Efficiente Index, up to a cap. 
Protection of a Fixed Annuity: Purchase payments and previously credited interest are protected from market losses.
Lifetime Income with the Potential to Grow: Advisory Income Edge’s guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) provides income that will last a lifetime with upside potential before and after payments begin. 

Symetra Life Insurance Company is a subsidiary of Symetra Financial Corporation based in Bellevue, Washington. The company provides employee benefits, annuities and life insurance through a national network of benefit consultants, financial institutions, and independent agents and advisors. For more information, visit www.symetra.com. 
Written by Rachel Summit
Follow Rachel, aka Finance Mama, on Twitter and Google+
 



Comments are closed. 


 
Copyright ©2017 AFYI Holdings Group, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced without the express written consent of AFYI Holdings Group, LLC.




Related Articles



 Insurance Industry Could Influence DOL Rule Changes




 QLACs Hedge Against Longevity Risk




 Pacific Life Adds New Fixed Indexed Annuity to Line-up




 Should Your Retirement Plan Include an Annuity?





Annuityfyi.com - Sidebar
Categories 
401k Annuities

401k Annuity

A.M. Best

ACLI

Aegon Sony Life Insurance Co.

AIG

Allianz Life

American Equity

American General Life Companies

American National Life Insurance Co.

Annuities

Annuity

Annuity Rates

Annuity Riders

Aviva USA

AXA Equitable

Banks

Bonus Annuities

Charitable Gift Annuities

Charles Schwab

Compare Annuities

Death Benefit Annuity

Death Benefits

Deferred Annuities

Deferred Income Annuities

Delaware Life

Equity Linked CDs

Expert Advice

Fidelity

Financial Strength Ratings

FINRA

Fitch

Fixed Annuities

Fixed Annuity

Fixed Annuity Rates

Fixed Equity Indexed Annuities

Fixed Indexed Annuities

Genworth

GLB

GLWB

GMIB

GMWB

Great American Life Insurance

Great-West Life & Annuity

Guides

Hartford Financial

Hybrid Annuities

IALC

Immediate Annuities

Immediate Annuity

Immediate Annuity Rates

Indexed Annuities

Indexed Annuity

ING

Insurance Companies

Investment Strategies

IRI

Jackson National Life Insurance

Jefferson National

John Hancock

Legal

Lifetime Income Benefits

LIMRA

Lincoln Financial

Lincoln National

Longevity annuity

Low Cost Annuities

Main Content

Market Value Adjusted Annuities

Mass Mutual

Met Life

Moody's

NAFA

NAIC

Nationwide

NAVA

New York Life

No Load Annuities

No-Surrender Annuities

Northwestern Mutual

Ohio National

Organizations

Pacific Life

Penn Mutual

Phoenix

Principal Financial Group

Prudential

Putnam Investments

Real World Scenarios

Regulations

Retirement

RiverSource Life

S&P

Securian

Security Benefit Life

single premium immediate annuity

State Farm

Structured product annuities

Sun Life Financial

Symetra Life Insurance Company

Tax-deferred Annuities

TIAA-Cref

Transamerica Life Insurance

Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS)

Uncategorized

USAA Life

Vanguard

Variable Annuities

Variable Annuity

Voya Financial

Western & Southern Financial

Western National


 


 




Annuityfyi.com - Prefooter
 
Annuity FYI


Home
Annuity Basics
Annuity Picks
Ask Annuity FYI
Evaluate My Annuity
Find An Advisor
Retirement Center
Investors Kits
Blog
Advertising Opportunities



Warnings
Checklist
Testimonials
Contact Annuity FYI
Annuity FYI Mission
About the Affliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap



Contact
 Mailing Address:
1165 NE 105 St.Miami Shores, FL 33138
Email:
support@annuityfyi.com
Phone:
(866) 223-2121

Follow Us On




Copyright © 2017 AFYI Holdings Group, LLC, All Rights Reserved
 























AnnuityFYI’s Annuity Blog - Annuityfyi.com


 

















































 For Investment Professionals
 Find an Advisor
 Ask Annuity FYI By Email







AnnuityFYI 




Your resource for learning about, comparing, and selecting the most competitive annuities since 2000.



3298likes
1716followers
118followers

Contact Annuity FYI by Phone
1-866-223-2121
 


Toggle navigation














Home / AnnuityFYI’s Annuity Blog 








AnnuityFYI’s Annuity Blog 
 Stay on top of the latest news & trends affecting the annuity industry. Annuity FYI’s annuity blog is regularly updated with original articles covering products, insurance company news and financial expert’s commentary. Whether you are an annuity owner or financial professional, Annuity FYI’s blog will keep you informed.




 


Insurance Industry Could Influence DOL Rule Changes

If you’re one of the many profe ional in the in urance indu try who want to ee a change in the Department of Labor’ (DOL) fiduciary rule, now may be your chance to make it happen According to a recent In uranceNew Net article, a top department official ha aid that the be t way to go about change would be to provide current data to... Read More





 


FIA Trend Continues with New Product From Symetra

The trend in fee-ba ed fixed indexed annuitie continue with a recent announcement from Symetra Life In urance Company The leading fixed annuity provider ha introduced two new FIA built for fee-ba ed planning, according to a recent pre relea e Symetra Advi ory Edge and Symetra Advi ory Income Edge both provide cu tomer planning for... Read More





 


QLACs Hedge Against Longevity Risk

For tho e nearing or in early retirement, the fear of running out of money i a very real concern Enter the qualified longevity annuity contract, or QLAC With thi relatively new option, you can inve t up to 25% of the total balance of your IRA and 401(k) , not to exceed $125,000 with an in urance company In exchange, the company will pay you an... Read More





 


Pacific Life Adds New Fixed Indexed Annuity to Line-up

Pacific Life In urance Company ha ju t announced the late t in their fixed indexed annuity line-up Pacific Index FoundationSM  will replace it flag hip fixed indexed annuity, Pacific Index Choice, but will offer the ame longer guarantee with rate and cap guaranteed for the entire withdrawal charge period Additionally, the new product will... Read More





 


Should Your Retirement Plan Include an Annuity?

Mo t people who have tarted to think about their retirement plan realize that a pen ion or Social Security alone will not be enough It’ important to pan and ave u ing an array of trategie Some of your fund will likely come from Social Security and ome from per onal aving If you don’t have a pen ion to rely on, you might want to... Read More





 


Nationwide Launches New Fee-based FIA

Leading in urance and financial ervice organization, Nationwide, ha ju t announced the launch of a new fee-ba ed fixed indexed annuity (FIA) According to a recent pre relea e, Nationwide Summit fixed indexed annuity i the fir t of it kind in their offering meant to addre the need of Regi tered Inve tment Advi or (RIA ) and fee-ba ed... Read More





 


Improve Cash Flow While Giving Back with a Charitable Gift Annuity

If you are intere ted in teady income in retirement with an attractive return and low ri k, con ider a charitable gift annuity In thi low intere t-rate environment, a CGA can not only provide you with peace of mind, but it can al o give the added ati faction of doing good
According to a recent article from Cleveland Jewi h New , with a CGA,... Read More





 


DOL Reviews Annuity Exemptions in Fiduciary Rule

Thi week, the Department of Labor reque ted information on the fiduciary rule giving ome indu try player hope that the ale of fixed indexed annuitie (FIA) may be placed under a le tringent exemption According to a recent In uranceNew Net article, DOL regulator implied that they might be intere ted in exploring the advantage and... Read More





 


Investment Strategies for Rising Rates

Much to the delight of older inve tor , the Federal Re erve ha rai ed the federal fund rate three time ince the end of 2016 The increa ed rate can mean more opportunitie to capitalize, which i great new for tho e nearing or in retirement Here’ a look at five different trategie to take advantage of the ever-increa ing rate, according to... Read More





 


New Annuity Products from National Life Group

In an effort to help American build and protect their retirement aving , Life Company of the Southwe t, a member company of National Life Group, ha introduced a erie of ingle premium deferred annuitie and Guaranteed Lifetime Income Rider According to a recent pre relea e, the new product are called the Financially Independent for... Read More


 


 




Annuityfyi.com - Prefooter
 
Annuity FYI


Home
Annuity Basics
Annuity Picks
Ask Annuity FYI
Evaluate My Annuity
Find An Advisor
Retirement Center
Investors Kits
Blog
Advertising Opportunities



Warnings
Checklist
Testimonials
Contact Annuity FYI
Annuity FYI Mission
About the Affliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap



Contact
 Mailing Address:
1165 NE 105 St.Miami Shores, FL 33138
Email:
support@annuityfyi.com
Phone:
(866) 223-2121

Follow Us On




Copyright © 2017 AFYI Holdings Group, LLC, All Rights Reserved
 






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































































Your Browser's JavaScript is Disabled

Symetra web applications require that JavaScript is enabled. Please adjust
							your security settings to allow Symetra to execute JavaScript during this browser
							session. Also be aware that Symetra requires cookies be enabled to provide
							data security during your browser session. 

See Privacy Policyfor details.  










LOG IN TO YOUR ACCOUNT







User Name
*



Enter a valid user name.
Enter a valid user name.


* Required


Password
*




Enter a valid password.




 


Forgot your User Name 
									or Password?







NEW USER
Click the button below to self registeronline.



SYMETRA TRUE VA ACCOUNTS
Find information regarding a SymetraTrue VA policy.














Contact Us
  |  
Privacy and Security


Copyright © 2004 - 2017. All rights reserved. Symetra® is a registered service mark
			 of Symetra Life Insurance Company.
			Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004.
			First Symetra National Life Insurance Company of New York, New York, NY. Mailing address:
			P.O. Box 34690, Seattle, WA 98124.
			Symetra Life Insurance Company and First Symetra National Life Insurance Company of New York (collectively, 'Symetra') are subsidiaries of 
			Symetra Financial Corporation. Symetra Life Insurance Company and Symetra Financial Corporation are not 
			authorized to solicit business in the state of New York. Both subsidiaries are separately responsible for 
			their own financial obligations.
Customers may access their account information from this site. Other information in this site may be
		   pending approval for use in states with website filing requirements.






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


































Annuities - Symetra




















Your browser seems to be out of date.
To get the best possible experience while using our website, we recommend upgrading to a newer version of another browser.  Links to the most recent versions of popular browsers can be found below.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Safari
Chrome
For more information about our browser support, please check out our browser standards and support page.
X






 



LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT



Search on Symetra.com

Go






 







Annuities
FIXED DEFERREDANNUITIES
Fixed deferred annuities provide tax-deferred growth for your retirement savings while also minimizing risk.
LEARN MOREFIXED INDEXED ANNUITIES
With account options based on the performance of market indexes, fixed indexed annuities provide higher growth potential without downside risk.
LEARN MORE
 INCOME ANNUITIES
If you're in or near retirement, income annuities can turn a portion of your savings into guaranteed income that lasts for a specified period of time or the rest of your life.
LEARN MOREAnnuities are issued by Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Avenue NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004-5135 and are not available in all U.S. states or any U.S. territory.
Withdrawals may be subject to federal income taxes and a 10% IRS early withdrawal tax penalty may also apply to amounts withdrawn prior to age 59 ½ Clients should consult their attorney or tax advisor for more information.
Guarantees and benefits are subject to the claims-paying ability of Symetra Life Insurance Company.


WHAT'S AN ANNUITY?
An annuity is a contract between you and an insurance company. The product is designed to provide a regular stream of income, usually in retirement. 

You put money in, either all at once or in payments.
Your money grows tax-deferred, without market risk.
You may choose to receive annuity payments for a specific period of time, or for your life or joint lives of you and another person.

WHY SYMETRA ANNUITIES?
Flexibility. A variety of options to fit your retirement needs.
 
Growth. Your money grows tax-deferred.
 
Income. Options to create income that lasts as long as you need it.
VARIABLE PRODUCT PERFORMANCE & PROSPECTUS



Select a Product

-- Select a Product --
Focus Variable Annuity
Mainsail Variable Annuity
Resource A Variable Annuity
Resource B Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Advisor Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Choice Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Plus Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Variable Annuity
Symetra Life Deferred (Cascade Variable Annuity)
True Variable Annuity




GO


fixed PRODUCT CONTRACT SUMMARIES



Select a Product

-- Select a Product --
Custom 5 Fixed Annuity
Custom 7 Fixed Annuity
Edge Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge GPS Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge Plus Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge Premier Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge Pro Fixed Indexed Annuity
Income Edge Fixed Indexed Annuity
LINK FIA - Series 1
Select 5 Fixed Annuity
Select 7 Fixed Annuity




GO








































Individuals & Families - Symetra




















Your browser seems to be out of date.
To get the best possible experience while using our website, we recommend upgrading to a newer version of another browser.  Links to the most recent versions of popular browsers can be found below.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Safari
Chrome
For more information about our browser support, please check out our browser standards and support page.
X






 



LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT



Search on Symetra.com

Go






 









Edge Pro
Protect the money you've saved while                             giving it a chance to truly grow.
Learn more about Symetra Edge Pro









Estate Planning
Maximize your legacy with                                                     life insurance.
Learn more about maximizing strategies






Get Started With Symetra

Ready to take control of your financial future? We’re ready to help.
FORMS TO SERVICE YOUR ACCOUNT
CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE








        Plan for life
We can help with...


Getting MarriedNew HomeNew ChildSaving For RetirementSpending In RetirementMaximizing A Legacy
Getting Married
Once the excitement of the wedding fades, take time to plan your life together.

Learn the key things to keep in mind when merging your finances.
Start saving for your dreams.

Learn MoreNew Home
A new home is more than four walls. It’s an investment you need to protect.

Start saving now for the down payment.
Make sure your family can afford the home if something happens to you.

Learn moreNew Child
Providing for your family is one of the most important plans you can make. 

Learn how much college might cost and strategies for saving.
Plan for the unexpected.
Grow the money you have.

Learn moreSaving For Retirement
Leave nothing to chance when it comes to saving for your retirement.

Know where your retirement income will come from.
Create your own investment plan.
Learn how different investments generally perform over time.

Learn moreSpending In Retirement
Saving for retirement is just half the challenge. 

You need to plan so your money lasts.
Learn how much retirement income you might need. Know what you want to do with money in your retirement plan.
Keep track of where you are today.

Learn moreMaximizing A Legacy
Annuities and Life Insurance play a critical role if you plan to leave a financial legacy.

Start planning for the future now.

Learn more
Once the excitement of the wedding fades, take time to plan your life together.

Learn the key things to keep in mind when merging your finances.
Start saving for your dreams.



Life insurance and annuities are issued and employee benefit plans are insured by Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004 and are not available in all U.S. states or any U.S. territory. Guarantees and benefits are subject to the claims-paying ability of Symetra Life Insurance Company.


PRODUCTS FOR INDIVIDUALS & FAMILIES
Annuities
Life Insurance
Retirement Plans
VIEW MORE PRODUCTSVARIABLE PRODUCT PERFORMANCE & PROSPECTUS



Select a Product

-- Select a Product --
Active - Milestone VUL-G
Focus Variable Annuity
Group Variable Annuity
Mainsail Variable Annuity
Resource A Variable Annuity
Resource B Variable Annuity
Retirement Passport Variable Annuity
Service - Accumulation Life Variable UL
Service - Complete Advisor Variable Life
Service - Complete Variable Life
Service - Enhanced Accumulation Life VUL
Service - PREMIER Accumulation VUL
Spinnaker Advisor Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Choice Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Plus Variable Annuity
Spinnaker Variable Annuity
Symetra Life Deferred (Cascade Variable Annuity)
True Variable Annuity




GO


fixed PRODUCT CONTRACT SUMMARIES



Select a Product

-- Select a Product --
Custom 5 Fixed Annuity
Custom 7 Fixed Annuity
Edge Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge GPS Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge Plus Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge Premier Fixed Indexed Annuity
Edge Pro Fixed Indexed Annuity
Income Edge Fixed Indexed Annuity
LINK FIA - Series 1
Select 5 Fixed Annuity
Select 7 Fixed Annuity




GO



 Fixed Deferred Annuities are changing to annual statements





































Income Annuities - Symetra




















Your browser seems to be out of date.
To get the best possible experience while using our website, we recommend upgrading to a newer version of another browser.  Links to the most recent versions of popular browsers can be found below.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Safari
Chrome
For more information about our browser support, please check out our browser standards and support page.
X






 



LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT



Search on Symetra.com

Go






 



Income Annuities





Income annuities are primarily for those who are in or near retirement. These types of annuities can help turn a portion of your savings into guaranteed income for life.

You can choose to receive a lump sum or regular payouts for life or a specified period of time.
Your money isn't tied to market performance. Consider these annuities for the conservative part of your savings plan.



SYMETRA ADVANTAGE INCOME
Fill the income gap between early retirement and Social Security.
Learn More



SYMETRA FREEDOM INCOME
Longevity insurance1 that lets you spend without concern during your early retirement years.
Learn More



SYMETRA INCOME BUILDER
Get 10 years of guaranteed income, plus a one-time pay raise2 at the beginning of the 6th year.
Learn More
Income annuities are issued by Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave. NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004 and are not available in all U.S. states or any U.S. territory.Symetra Advantage Income Annuity is a single-premium immediate annuity. Contract form numbers in most states are LIA-26 7/00 for qualified, LIA-27 7/00 for nonqualified for most states and LIA-26/OR 7/00 for qualified and LIA-27/OR 7/00 for nonqualified in Oregon.Symetra Freedom Income Annuity is a single-premium deferred income annuity issued  by Symetra Life Insurance Company.  Contract form numbers in most states are LIA-76 2/08 and LIA-80 3/08 and LIA-76/OR 8/10 and LIA-80/OR 3/08 in Oregon.  Not available in Connecticut or any U.S. territory.  There is no cash surrender value with this contract and no withdrawals are permitted in the deferral period.Symetra Income Builder Annuity is a single premium fixed annuity. Contract form numbers are LIA-47 12/04 or a state variation and LIA-61/OR 12/04 in Oregon. Guarantees and benefits are subject to the claims-paying ability of Symetra Life Insurance Company. 1 Longevity insurance is a concept, not the name of a product.  Some states define longevity insurance as an annuity with payout option only with no death benefit.2 "Pay raise" means an increase in annuity payments based on built-in formula within the product. 







































Fixed Indexed Annuities - Symetra




















Your browser seems to be out of date.
To get the best possible experience while using our website, we recommend upgrading to a newer version of another browser.  Links to the most recent versions of popular browsers can be found below.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Safari
Chrome
For more information about our browser support, please check out our browser standards and support page.
X






 



LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT



Search on Symetra.com

Go






 



Fixed Indexed Annuities





Fixed Indexed Annuities (FIAs) are designed for conservative consumers who want the opportunity for a potentially higher return, without the downside risk.
WHY a FIA?

More growth potential: Interest earned is typically based on changes in the value of one or more market indexes, and money grows tax-deferred.
No downside market risk: Your purchase payment and any previously credited interest are protected from market losses by an interest rate "floor" of 0%.
Access to funds: You have options for withdrawing part or all of your contract value without surrender charges or penalties.1



SYMETRA INCOME EDGE FIXED INDEXED ANNUITY WITH GUARANTEED LIFETIME WITHDRAWAL BENEFIT
Create retirement income through guaranteed lifetime withdrawals that can continue to grow with account performance.
Learn More



SYMETRA EDGE PRO® FIXED INDEXED ANNUITY
Four indexed account options and a fixed account can help protect your clients' money and provide opportunities for growth.
Learn More



SYMETRA EDGE PLUS® FIXED INDEXED ANNUITY
With six indexed account options and a fixed account, Symetra Edge Plus provides protection + growth potential for your money.
Learn More



SYMETRA EDGE PREMIER® FIXED INDEXED ANNUITY
Five indexed account options and a longer surrender charge schedule provide opportunities to grow and protect your money.
Learn More



SYMETRA EDGE GPS® FIXED INDEXED ANNUITY
An indexed account and a fixed account help keep your retirement headed in the right direction. 
Learn More



SYMETRA LINK® FIXED INDEXED ANNUITY—SERIES 1
Not your average fixed indexed annuity. LINK uses a volatility (risk) control index which removes the need for an interest rate cap.
Learn More
1 May not be available in all states. Terms and conditions may vary by state. See product fact sheets for details.
Symetra Edge Pro®, Symetra Edge Plus®, Symetra Edge Premier®, Symetra Edge GPS® and Symetra LINK® are registered service marks of Symetra Life Insurance Company.
Copyright© 2004 - 2017 Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004. All rights reserved. Symetra® is a registered service mark of Symetra Life Insurance Company.
Customers may access their annuity contract information from this site. Other information in this site may be pending approval for use in states with website filing requirements.
This is not a complete description of Symetra Edge Pro, Symetra Edge Plus, Symetra Edge Premier, Symetra Edge GPS and Symetra LINK Fixed Indexed Annuities. For a complete description, please ask your financial professional or insurance producer for a copy of the contract summary.







































Fixed Deferred Annuities - Symetra




















Your browser seems to be out of date.
To get the best possible experience while using our website, we recommend upgrading to a newer version of another browser.  Links to the most recent versions of popular browsers can be found below.
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Firefox
Safari
Chrome
For more information about our browser support, please check out our browser standards and support page.
X






 



LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT



Search on Symetra.com

Go






 



Fixed Deferred Annuities







Build retirement income with minimal risk and tax-deferred growth.


Your initial interest rate is guaranteed for a specific number of years.
After the initial period, the interest rate resets annually, but it will never be less than the guaranteed minimum interest rate stated in your contract.


Growth is not affected by market performance.


Consider these annuities for the conservative part of your savings plan:


SINGLE-PREMIUM
Annuities offering guaranteed interest rates for 3, 5 or 7 years.
Learn More



FLEXIBLE-PREMIUM
Receive guaranteed interest for at least 1 year, and make additional purchase payments during the first contract year.
Learn More
Fixed deferred annuities are issued by Symetra Life Insurance Company, 777 108th Ave. NE, Suite 1200, Bellevue, WA 98004 and are not available in all U.S. states or any U.S. territory.
Annuity contracts have terms and limitations for keeping them in force. Please call your financial professional or insurance producer for complete details.
Guarantees and benefits are subject to the claims-paying ability of Symetra Life Insurance Company.
Withdrawals may be subject to federal income taxes, and a 10% IRS early withdrawal tax penalty may also apply for amounts withdrawn prior to age 59½. Consult your attorney or tax advisor for more information.
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































