










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Symmetry Peak Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 1:27 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Symmetry Peak Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Symmetry Peak Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm launches and manages hedge funds. Symmetry Peak Management, LLC was founded in 2003 and is based in Radnor, Pennsylvania.


555 East Lancaster AvenueSuite 660Radnor, PA 19087United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 484-588-4116

Fax: 484-582-0185

www.symmetrypeak.com







Key Executives for Symmetry Peak Management, LLC




Mr. Frank Patrick Slattery


      	Founder and Chief Investment Officer
      








Mr. Gregory Andrew Boye


      	Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mrs. Andrea Dotter Slattery CFA


      	Director of Research and Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Symmetry Peak Management, LLC, please visit www.symmetrypeak.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 




Symmetry Peak Management



























 





EMBRACING  INNOVATION











BIG IDEAS




For over 16 years, the Symmetry Peak team has identified and
capitalized on big ideas with exceptional risk/return
characteristics.

Symmetry Peak was founded in 2003 and our particular expertise is in  technology and emerging growth         
companies such as these:



 









VMWareVMW



Aruba NetworksARUN



Salesforce.comCRM



PandoraP



Tesla MotorsTSLA



NetflixNFLX



AmazonAMZN



BaiduBIDU



Netlogic MicrosystemsNETL



Mellanox TechnologiesMLNX



OpenTableOPEN



SinaSINA



TwitterTWTR



Color KineticsCLRK



AppleAAPL



SuccessFactorsSFSF



Atheros CommunicationsATHR



F5 NetworksFFIV



3ParPAR



Compellent TechnologiesCML



EbayEBAY



FacebookFB



FortinetFTNT



Isilon SystemsISLN



RiverbedRVBD



NavteqNVT



Ctrip.comCTRP



LogMeInLOGM



GoogleGOOG



LinkedInLNKD



illuminaILMN



YelpYELP



 






Symmetry Peak’s strength lies in its ability to properly value IP in high growth and rapidly changing industries.
The companies in our universe are at varying stages of their lifecycle  — including nascent and emerging growth, mid-cycle, as well as more mature growth.











ADVANTAGE

Symmetry Peak’s Liquid Venture Equity (LiVE) approach combines the best attributes of the Venture Capital and Private Equity industries, with the favorable characteristics and tools available in the Public Market. 
This differentiated combination is Symmetry Peak’s advantage, allowing the team to view their ideas within a long—term framework, yet to maintain maximum flexibility in expressing those views.
 











 


 
 







Partners





















Founder


View Profile






QUINT SLATTERY








×



Quint Slattery
Founder and Chief Investment Officer
















Quint Slattery founded Symmetry Peak Management in June 2003.
Before launching Symmetry Peak, Quint was a Co-Founder and General Partner of Azure Capital Partners LLC, 
an investment firm with a crossover fund and a venture capital fund.Prior to his tenure at Azure, Quint was 
the Portfolio Manager of two mutual funds at Pilgrim Baxter & Associates, the PBHG New Opportunities Fund 
and the PBHG Select Equity Fund, totaling over $2.8 Billion in assets under management. According to Pilgrim 
Baxter, the cumulative return for PBHG New Opportunities during his tenure (6/30/98 – 4/7/00) was 892%. Quint 
was named the "One Year Winner" in the Wall Street Journal for the fifty-two week performance of the New 
Opportunities Fund for the period ending March 30, 2000. Additionally, in May 2000, Kiplinger's labeled the PBHG 
New Opportunities Fund "All-Time Champ" for its one-year performance which, according to the magazine, was 
proclaimed by Morningstar to be "the highest one-year total return in fund history."
Quint began his career in Merrill Lynch’s Investment Banking division. He graduated with an A.B. degree from 
Princeton University, where he also was a member of the 1992 Princeton University National Championship 
Lacrosse Team.
 CLOSE BIO



















Partner


View Profile






Andrea Dotter Slattery








×



Andrea Dotter Slattery
Director of Research
















Andrea Slattery joined Symmetry Peak Management in January 2009 as Director of Research.
From 2004 to 2008, Andrea was one of four Senior Partners at Ardsley Partners, where she co-managed the technology portion of the approximately $1 billion long/short equity fund.
Prior to her tenure at Ardsley, Andrea was the second in command at Alkeon Capital Management LLC, a technology-focused long/short equity fund. At Alkeon, Andrea helped to design and build the research process and team, and was directly responsible for a significant portion of both the long and short books, as the firm grew from $40 million to approximately 
$1.2 billion.
Andrea began her career in 1998 as a buy-side technology generalist at CIBC Oppenheimer, working with the fund and team that was later spun out to form Alkeon in 2002.
Andrea is a CFA® charterholder, and graduated summa cum laude with a BSBA degree from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri.Andrea also serves as a board member and strategic advisor to several private technology companies. Philanthropically, Andrea serves as the Board Chair of The LAM Foundation, a non-profit organization dedicated to finding better treatments and ultimately a cure for 
lymphangioleiomyomatosis (LAM), a rare lung disease that affects women.  Andrea’s passion is to apply her experience in the technology industry towards enhancing patient knowledge and accelerating advances in rare disease research.
 CLOSE BIO



















CFO


View Profile






Greg Boye








×



GREG BOYE
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
















Gregory Boye joined Symmetry Peak Management in January 2006 as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.
Prior to joining Symmetry Peak, Greg was Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer for Alkeon Capital Management, LLC. Greg held these positions with Alkeon from the firm’s inception in January 2002, as a spin-off of CIBC Oppenheimer, until January 2006. Before the formation of Alkeon, Greg worked as a buy-side technology analyst in the Asset Management Division of CIBC, prior to which he was a trader at the firm.
Greg graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Lehigh University.
 CLOSE BIO









 























Get in Touch






































 







© Copyright 2014, SYMMETRY PEAK MANAGEMENT, LLC.  All rights reserved. Not a public solicitation.       DISCLAIMER
 






Back to Top































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Symmetry Peak Management LLC                                                                                             - Radnor                                            , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Radnor



Management Services



Management Services



                            Symmetry Peak Management LLC
                                    



 





















S 


Symmetry Peak Management LLC                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



555 E LANCASTER AVE # 660 RADNOR, PA 19087
Get Directions



(203) 564-4267
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $197,118.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Management Services. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















BTIM Corp. Has $2.68 Million Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) | Daily Political











































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Citrix Systems Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citrix Systems Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



BTIM Corp. Boosts Stake in Kansas City Southern (NYSE:KSU)					

Sit Investment Associates Inc. Sells 266 Shares of Teleflex Incorporated (NYSE:TFX)					

BTIM Corp. Buys New Stake in Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The) (IPG)					

Sit Investment Associates Inc. Continues to Hold Position in BankUnited, Inc. (BKU)					

Sit Investment Associates Inc. Cuts Stake in Grand Canyon Education, Inc. (NASDAQ:LOPE)					

BTIM Corp. Has $2.68 Million Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)					

BTIM Corp. Raises Stake in Realty Income Corporation (O)					

Gabelli Comments on Monro Muffler Brake, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (MNRO)					

11,269 Shares in XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Acquired by Sit Investment Associates Inc.					

Great Western Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:GWB) Shares Bought by Sit Investment Associates Inc.					

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) Stake Boosted by Sit Investment Associates Inc.					

EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) Shares Bought by Bedrijfstakpensioenfonds Voor DE Media PNO					

Searle & CO. Maintains Stake in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC)					

Storage Vault Canada Inc (CVE:SVI) Forecasted to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share					

Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $1.21 Million Position in Monsanto Company (MON)					

First Quadrant L P CA Invests $2.91 Million in Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. (HGV)					

Patten & Patten Inc. TN Sells 2,150 Shares of Paychex, Inc. (PAYX)					

First National Bank of Omaha Raises Position in Ecolab Inc. (ECL)					

Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Has $271,000 Stake in Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX)					

Hengehold Capital Management LLC Has $224,000 Position in Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL)					





 





						BTIM Corp. Has $2.68 Million Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Jeff Wilder 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










BTIM Corp. boosted its stake in shares of  Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) by 0.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 33,670 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock after buying an additional 225 shares during the period. BTIM Corp.’s holdings in Citrix Systems were worth $2,679,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in CTXS. Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of  Citrix Systems during the fourth quarter valued at about $27,024,000.  Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Citrix Systems by 2.6% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,396 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 35 shares in the last quarter.  YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Citrix Systems by 75.5% in the first quarter. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC now owns 1,562 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 672 shares in the last quarter.  Fifth Third Bancorp boosted its stake in shares of  Citrix Systems by 10.3% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 1,825 shares of the cloud computing company’s stock worth $152,000 after buying an additional 171 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Greenwood Capital Associates LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Citrix Systems during the first quarter worth $200,000. 97.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ CTXS) opened at 81.86 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $80.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $80.42. The stock has a market cap of $12.37 billion, a PE ratio of 26.95 and a beta of 1.49. Citrix Systems, Inc. has a 52 week low of $64.11 and a 52 week high of $87.99. 




Citrix Systems (NASDAQ:CTXS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The cloud computing company reported $0.85 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $662.70 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $664.16 million. Citrix Systems had a return on equity of 31.02% and a net margin of 14.75%. Citrix Systems’s quarterly revenue was up .6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.18 earnings per share.  Analysts anticipate that  Citrix Systems, Inc. will post $4.64 earnings per share for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “BTIM Corp. Has $2.68 Million Position in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)” was first  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/btim-corp-has-2-68-million-position-in-citrix-systems-inc-nasdaqctxs.html. 
A number of brokerages recently weighed in on CTXS. Robert W. Baird upgraded shares of Citrix Systems from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $85.00 to $90.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. MKM Partners lifted their price objective on shares of Citrix Systems from $95.00 to $105.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. BTIG Research  restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Citrix Systems in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Berenberg Bank began coverage on shares of Citrix Systems in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $98.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC cut their price objective on shares of Citrix Systems from $62.00 to $61.00 and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued  a hold rating and seven have issued  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $92.02.
Citrix Systems Company Profile
Citrix Systems, Inc offers Enterprise and Service Provider products, which include Workspace Services solutions and Delivery Networking products. The Company’s Enterprise and Service Provider products include Cloud Services solutions, and related license updates and maintenance, support and professional services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CTXS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS).






Receive News & Ratings for Citrix Systems Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citrix Systems Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 

































































Symmetry Peak Management, LLC




 

 

Institutions
People
Ownership
Securities
Calendar
Tracking
Reports
Admin
BD Mail













Contact Information



Phone



Address



Website






Portfolio Information



Reported Total Holdings (USD)



Stated Total Holdings



Reported Equity Assets



Reported Fixed Income Assets



Reported Cash



Reported Other



Portfolio Turnover



FI Portfolio Turnover






General Information



Overview 



Analytics 



People 



Lists 



Holding 



Funds 



Action 



Asset Class 



InstitutionType



Style 



Dominant Orientation 






Application Functionality



Detailed Investor Prospecting



Intuitive CRM



Robust Analytics



Integrated Communication Tools









Home > Institutions > Sample profile for Symmetry Peak Management, LLC
 









Sample Profile for Symmetry Peak Management, LLC 

 





 










Activity







Quick Profile











 Primary Contact(s): 
 Designated Primary Contact


























Location
Radnor, United States  





Fix Data






Address
Street Address, Radnor,Pennsylvania xxxxx, United States
Phone
+x xxx-xxx-xxxx


Website
Request Now
Fax
+x xxx-xxx-xxxx


Asset Class
Request Now
 











Institution Type
Request Now
 


Style
Request Now
 


Dominant Orientation
Request Now
 


Equity Portfolio Turnover
xx%
 


Reported Total Holdings (USD, mm) 3/9/2011
xxx,xxx.xx
 


Stated Total Holdings (USD, mm)
x,xxx,xxx.xx
 




Portfolio Breakdown










Reported Equity Assets (USD, mm) 3/9/2011
xxx,xxx.xx


Reported Fixed Income Assets (USD, mm) 2/28/2011
xx,xxx.xx


Reported Cash (USD, mm)
xx,xxx.xx


Reported Other (USD, mm)
x,xxx.xx


 


 




Asset Allocation
















































Add to Institution List









Remove from Lists









Briefing Book Report









Edit Institution









Disable BD Auto Update









Merge Institution






















































Overview
    Provides a general overview of the entity; including regional offices, M&A history and date founded.
Equity Investment Approach
Provides a detailed overview of how the entity approaches investment in the equity markets; including funds of note, strategy and other critical information. 
Fixed Income Investment Approach
Provides a detailed overview of how the entity approaches investment in the fixed income markets; including funds of note, strategy and other critical information. 











  


 


   


















Ipreo's BD product suite offers access to the most accurate and comprehensive database covering the global investment community in the industry.  With solutions built specifically to cater to the workflows of capital markets and investor relations professionals, Ipreo's BD applications include global multi-asset class institutional contact data, investor profiles, and robust ownership information - all powered by the industry-leading Bigdough database - over 115,000 contacts at more than 23,000 financial institutions globally, buy-side and sell-side, equity and fixed income, including 16,000 hedge-fund contacts. This database is seamlessly integrated with advanced investor screening capabilities, intuitive search features, and powerful CRM and messaging functions. Ipreo's mission is to ensure our clients establish personal relationships with the right investors and manage those relationships effortlessly. 



Home > Erik G. Mermagen
 









Sample Contact 







 










Activity







Mail







Quick Profile








 






















Job Function
Portfolio Manager 





Fix Data






Institution Name
Symmetry Peak Management, LLC

 


Address
Request Now  
 


Mailling address
Request Now 
 


Email


Sales@ipreo.com




 


Telephone
+xx xx-xxxx-xxxx
 
Fax
+xx xx-xxxx-xxxx
 







 Provides an overview of the firm that the contact is associated with. 







































Designate Primary









Add to Contact List









Add to Institution List









Remove From My Contacts









Remove from Lists









Export Vcard









Edit Contact









Exclude From Mail









Disable BD Auto Update









Merge Contact









Briefing Book Report









Sync with Outlook









































Education
Educational background on the contact.


Biography

                                            Overview of the contact's current role, historical employment and  other important background information.


Scouting Report
Provides unique insight into fund managers' decision-making criteria, and gives detailed information about your investors and marketplace.


Funds Managed
Provides a list of the funds managed by the contact.  
											 






  


 


   














Ipreo's BD product suite offers access to the most accurate and comprehensive database covering the global investment community in the industry.  With solutions built specifically to cater to the workflows of capital markets and investor relations professionals, Ipreo's BD applications include global multi-asset class institutional contact data, investor profiles, and robust ownership information - all powered by the industry-leading Bigdough database - over 115,000 contacts at more than 23,000 financial institutions globally, buy-side and sell-side, equity and fixed income, including 16,000 hedge-fund contacts. This database is seamlessly integrated with advanced investor screening capabilities, intuitive search features, and powerful CRM and messaging functions. Ipreo's mission is to ensure our clients establish personal relationships with the right investors and manage those relationships effortlessly. 
 
 
 
 
 
 








© 2011 
            Ipreo Holdings LLC. All rights reserved. Patents pending. 

 Third Party Data 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 






