






Symons Capital Management |
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 











FOR OVER 30 YEARS OUR INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY HAS NEVER CHANGED —

WE INVEST FOR OUR CLIENTS PRECISELY AS WE DO FOR OURSELVES

 

 
 




WE ARE FOCUSED ON ONE ACTIVITY FOR ONE PURPOSE —

INDEPENDENT STOCK PICKING FOR SUSTAINABLE WEALTH ACCUMULATION

 

 
 




WE MAINTAIN OUR STOCK SELECTION PROCESS GENERATES HIGH QUALITY 

PORTFOLIOS THAT REDUCE RISK, PRESERVE CAPITAL & ADD PERFORMANCE

 

 
 




WE BELIEVE THIS RESULTS IN A PERMANENT COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE —

ABOVE-BENCHMARK RETURNS WITH BELOW-BENCHMARK RISKS

 

 
 
 
 
 






Insight
from colin symons
Read

 
 
 




Six Step
Repeatable Process
Learn

 
 
 




Results
Proven Performance
Review

 
 
 
 
 



Philadelphia
5 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 217
Malvern, PA 19355
P: (610) 648-3851


			 
 

Headquarters
Pittsburgh
650 Washington Road, Suite 800
Pittsburgh, PA 15228-2702
P: (412) 344-7690
Toll free: (888) 344-7740


			 
 

New Jersey
One Greentree Centre
10000 Lincoln Drive East, Suite 201
Marlton, NJ 08053
P: (856) 988-5445
 
 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



















Our Firm | Symons Capital Management
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









Overview of Our Firm






 



Symons Capital Management (SCM) is an independent Institutional long-only investment management firm focused on one activity for one purpose – “Investment Risk Management with a Singular Focus on Generating Above-Benchmark Returns with Below-Benchmark Risks over Full Market Cycles.” We are headquartered in Pittsburgh, PA with offices in Malvern, PA and Marlton, NJ.
 
 
 


Our success in generating long-term returns above the benchmark and managing risk is based on our research and business independence – our research team, our research process, and our single focus on stock research and portfolio management while investing side-by-side with our clients in our strategies. 100% of the principals’ investment assets and the firm’s retirement plan are invested in Symons Capital Management strategies. Our work is both free from conflict with other business interests and in our client’s best interests as we engage in only one activity – long-term stock research and portfolio management to minimize downside risk and generate sustainable wealth.
We believe the long-term values we offer to our clients are intellectual independence, investment performance, risk management, experience, discipline, and accessibility.
 
 



 
 


NEXT: INSIGHT WITH COLIN SYMONS

 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



















Colleagues | Symons Capital Management
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









Colleagues






 



Investment Team
 
 
 






Colin E. Symons, CFA
Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager
Mr. Symons, who holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, is Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager of the Symons Capital Management Value, Small Cap Value and Concentrated Small Cap Value strategies. In conjunction with his portfolio management responsibilities, he oversees and is principally responsible for the company’s independent equity research. Mr. Symons joined Symons Capital Management in July 1997 after working as a software developer in Washington and New York, concentrating on financial services applications for entities such as Chase Manhattan Bank and the Internal Revenue Service. While he was a software developer, Mr. Symons earned the prestigious designation of Microsoft Certified Solution Developer. Mr. Symons earned his BA at Williams College in three years, at age 20.
 
 
 





Richard F. Foran, MPH 
Vice President, Research
Mr. Foran joined Symons Capital Management as Vice President, Research in May 2004, after a highly successful 16-year career in analytical biochemistry and clinical research at The Johns Hopkins University and the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Foran also served as Coordinator of Clinical Studies at the Health Studies Research Center in the Department of Epidemiology, University of Pittsburgh, with responsibilities for the administration and management of clinic staff and operations for all research studies conducted in the Center. Mr. Foran holds a Bachelor of Science in Biology from St. Francis (PA) University and a Master of Public Health in Epidemiology from the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Foran works daily with the Chief Investment Officer on the firm’s equity research.
 
 
 





Joshua I. Armstrong, CFA
Vice President, Research
Mr. Armstrong, who holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, joined Symons Capital in November 2011 as Vice President, Research. Prior to joining Symons Capital, Mr. Armstrong held a series of positions of increasing responsibility within the institutional investment industry. He served as Consulting Analyst at Yanni Partners, a Division of GBS Investment Consulting, and as Operations Manager at the Bank of New York Mellon. Additionally, he worked as a Systems Analyst at the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Armstrong earned his BS degree in Business and Computer Systems from Grove City College. He subsequently earned an MS in Information Systems and an MBA (with a finance concentration) from the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Armstrong is a trustee of the Scaife Family Foundation.
 
 
 





Matthew S. Wickline, CFA
Vice President, Research
Mr. Wickline, who holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, joined Symons Capital in September 2016 as Vice President, Research. Mr. Wickline works closely with our Chief Investment Officer and our Research Team in implementing the firm’s portfolio management decisions and trading. Prior to joining Symons Capital, Mr. Wickline spent 7 years as an Equity Analyst at C.S. McKee Investment Managers in Pittsburgh. Mr. Wickline holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with concentrations in Finance and Investment Management from Duquesne University (cum laude) and is currently earning his Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from the University of Pittsburgh’s Katz Graduate School of Business.
 
 
 
 


Executive Management Team
 
 
 






Edward L. Symons, Jr., J. D. 
Chairman and Founder
e: esymons@symonscapital.com
Mr. Symons is Chairman and Founder of Symons Capital Management. He began his investment career in January 1980 as a founder of the company, and has a record of more than 30 years of successful, independent investment management. Before devoting his full professional attention to Symons Capital Management in 1997, Mr. Symons was a tenured Professor of Law at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. Mr. Symons co-authored the principal text then used at American law schools regarding banking law, as well as the only text used for teaching the regulation of financial institutions (covering banks, insurance companies and securities firms, including mutual funds). Before joining the law faculty, Mr. Symons served as an Assistant Attorney General for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, assigned as Chief Counsel for the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. Mr. Symons earned an undergraduate degree from Cornell University and his law degree (summa cum laude) from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. Mr. Symons was a director of St. Clair Hospital from 1995 through 2013 and was Chairman of the Hospital’s Foundation from 1996 through 2006.
 
 
 





Michael P. Czajka 
Chief Executive Officer
e: mczajka@symonscapital.com
Mr. Czajka joined Symons Capital Management in August 2005 as Managing Director. Mr. Czajka is a 25-year veteran of the financial services industry, is principally responsible for institutional business development for Symons Capital and oversees the firm’s Malvern office, which he founded. Mr. Czajka has worked in positions of increasing responsibility for several of the investment industry’s largest firms, such as Schwab Institutional, focusing on service to financial advisers, pension consultants, banks, family offices and retirement plan providers. Immediately before joining Symons Capital, Mr. Czajka consistently ranked among the most successful sales executives for one of Wall Street’s most renowned investment managers, as Vice President of Institutional Marketing for Fred Alger & Company. Mr. Czajka’s entrepreneurial bent includes the experience and challenge of the successful startup, development, operation and ultimate sale of a business in his native Philadelphia area. In August 2006, Mr. Czajka was promoted to Chief Executive Officer.
 
 
 





Louis J. Iovannone Jr., CIMA® 
President
e: liovannone@symonscapital.com
Mr. Iovannone joined Symons Capital Management in April 2013 as President. Mr. Iovannone began his career in the financial services industry in the mid-1990s. He is primarily responsible for Symons Capital’s business development in the defined contribution and defined benefit retirement plan marketplace, and oversees the Marlton, NJ office. Mr. Iovannone most recently held the position of Senior Vice President of Manchester Advisors, the Investment Advisory division of a large national retirement plan administration firm. His responsibilities included business development, product development and oversight of the day to day operations of the firm. Prior to becoming SVP, Mr. Iovannone held the positions of Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Manchester Advisors. Mr. Iovannone also served on the national investment committee for Alliance Benefit Group, a consortium of the top independent retirement plan firms. Earlier in his career, Mr. Iovannone served in various supervisory roles as a registered investment advisory representative. Mr. Iovannone graduated cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, earned his Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) designation at the Wharton School, and is a member of the Investment Management Consultants Association.
 
 
 
 






Vicki Lynn Ellis 
Chief Compliance Officer
Ms. Ellis joined Symons Capital Management in August 2001 as Executive Vice President. Ms. Ellis brings over three decades of securities industry experience to Symons Capital Management, in particular with respect to sales management, compliance and portfolio administration. Prior to joining Symons Capital Management, Ms. Ellis served as Vice President of Operations and Branch Operations Manager for Smith Barney for fifteen years and as an Associate Financial Adviser with Legg Mason for three years. She is an honors graduate of the University of Pittsburgh. In 2006, Ms. Ellis was named our Chief Compliance Officer as she leads our efforts to meet and exceed the CFA Institute’s Global Investment Performance Standards and the SEC’s compliance requirements, in addition to her daily client relations management role.
 
 
 





Frank L. Fournier 
Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Fournier joined Symons Capital Management in October 2007 as Vice President, Trading. Mr. Fournier works closely with our Chief Investment Officer and our Research Team in implementing the firm’s portfolio management decisions and trading. In August 2012, Mr. Fournier assumed the additional responsibilities of Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Fournier brought to Symons Capital over 16 years of financial industry and accounting experience. For the previous eight years, Mr. Fournier held positions of increasing responsibility with Sovereign Bank, then one of the twenty largest banks in the United States, ultimately serving as Vice President, Director of Regulatory Reporting. Earlier in his career, Mr. Fournier spent four years in auditing and four years in capital leasing, gaining numerous promotions. Mr. Fournier earned his degree in Business Administration, with a major in Accounting, from Slippery Rock University.
 
 
 
 






Margaret E. Svidro 
Vice President, Support Services
Ms. Svidro joined Symons Capital Management in September 2007 after a 33 year career at the University of Pittsburgh involving a range of responsibilities, ultimately serving as Financial Coordinator, Payroll. Ms. Svidro earned her degree in history from the University of Pittsburgh, and holds a Public Notary commission in Pennsylvania. Ms. Svidro’s responsibilities at Symons Capital encompass a wide array of support services, including new accounts processing, individual client services and liaison with custodians of clients’ assets.
 
 
 





Teresa L. Svidro 
Vice President, Administration
Ms. Svidro joined Symons Capital Management in December 1997 after a wide array of experience at the University of Pittsburgh. Ms. Svidro worked for 15 years in the School of Law Dean’s office, budget office and faculty support department. As the school’s budget director, she managed a $20 million annual budget. Ms. Svidro earned a degree in biology from the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Svidro oversees the firm’s budget and financial operations, as well as the daily processing of the firm’s client and portfolio data.
 
 
 





Kim Fournier
Administrative Assistant
Ms. Fournier joined Symons Capital Management in May 2015 after 24 years in corporate accounting positions of increasing responsibility. Ms. Fournier spent 15 years working at VF Factory Outlet, Inc. rising to the position of Lead Accounting Clerk. Ms. Fournier next spent 3 years as an Accounting & Financial Lead Specialist at Sovereign Bank. In 2007 she moved to Pittsburgh, working for The Bank of New York Mellon in Payroll & Shareholder Services. Ms. Fournier received a Specialized Associates Degree in Accounting from Pace Institute. Ms. Fournier responsibilities at Symons Capital Management are to provide support to a wide array of administrative duties including trade administration, operations and compliance support.
 
 
 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



















Insight from Colin Symons | Symons Capital Management
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









Insight from Colin Symons






 



Strengths • Values • Principles
 
 
 


				 Symons Capital Management (SCM) manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including banks, foundations, endowments, trusts, retirement plans and religious institutions across the United States. SCM has a proven long-term investment management philosophy and process with key strengths that clients and institutions have identified. One key strength is that we invest side-by-side with clients in every stock. Second is that we are a highly skilled team of colleagues with one focus who jointly share in the success of SCM. Third is that our clients receive intellectually independent investment management “direct from the manufacturer” and have the ability to speak with the people who are selecting the investments, which we call accessibility. Fourth is our consistent, research-based discipline and experience across multiple full market cycles spanning over 30 years. Fifth is our long-term investment performance, net return to clients after all expenses, and our long-term risk management statistics. Sixth is that we are cost and communications efficient. And seventh is the quality of our overall service and responsiveness to clients. The core of these strengths is that we have a focused passion for what we do. 
			 
 



 
 


SCM has developed a living document that articulates the fundamental values we want our work culture to be based upon – that articulates where we are coming from and, within that context, articulates the principles for how we want to work together to build an ever more successful enterprise. The document serves as a permanent, common focus for us in building an agreed, common culture of excellence. We want to identify what is important to SCM as an enterprise – what are our foundation values – and we want to build the specific teamwork principles by which we can achieve what we set out to accomplish.
The basic goal is to have good people working together in a good culture using good business practices. Values and principles are the basis for creating a consistently excellent work culture. Values are what we consider important – literally what we value. Principles are what enable us to do our work consistent with those values. Principles guide our daily actions; principles are concepts that can be applied every day to how we go about doing our work.
Our Core Values include:
 
 
 


Honesty

Constantly Reassess – has anything changed; have we missed anything?
Never make decisions based on what you wish were true. What is really true is far more important.
Remain as open-minded as possible.
It is much more important to arrive at the right answer than to be right.
Always think about second order consequences. It is critical to consider the downstream consequences of actions.

 
 

Excellence

We have to work hard. You can’t be excellent without pretty consistent effort every day.
Improve — Stand still and you will be passed. It is important to grow. Read, think, and consider trying something new.
Be intellectually independent.
Be accountable. This defines character – facing reality and getting yourself to do the difficult things.
Know what you’re working towards.
Recognize mistakes, learn from them, and get better at what you do.
Teamwork — All of us together should be better than any one of us.

 
 
 


Our Management Principles include:
 
 
 


People

Hire the right people.
Recognize differences among people.
Get the right people making decisions.
Train people well.
Solve problems.
Consider the overall enterprise.

 
 

Culture

Honesty is of utmost importance.
Mistakes happen, learn from them.
Teamwork is critical.

 
 
 


In order to achieve the desired level of excellence our clients expect from us, that excellence must be built from the inside out, from the ground up. It must be built into the foundation of the soul of our firm.
Colin E. Symons, CFA
Chief Investment Officer
 
NEXT: COLLEAGUES

 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



















Six Step Process | Symons Capital Management
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









Six Step Process






 



The SCM Research & Investment Management Team utilizes a holistic, repeatable, flexible and proven six step investment process to build and manage client portfolios. This internally developed process is the foundation of our ability to attain above benchmark returns with below market risks for our clients over full market cycles.
 
 
 


Step One
Macro Economic and Market Analysis
 


 

				 Practical top-down forward-looking macro views of long-term economic, business and demographic cycles data and short-term economic data to identify risks and opportunities in order to steer the ship in the right direction 
			 
 
 


Step Two
Initial Stock Idea Generation
 


 

				 Cull entire publicly traded stock universe for initial ideas using macro ideas, proprietary quantitative screens, and opportunistic circumstances 
			 
 
 


Step Three
Preliminary Stock Valuation
 


 

				 Examine initial stock ideas using standard analyst’s spreadsheets (e.g., revenue and margin trends) and quality of business factors (e.g., barriers to entry) to identify potentially attractive stocks 
			 
 
 


Step Four
Exhaustive Fundamental Stock Analysis
 


 

				 Exhaustive, critical fundamental analysis of remaining stocks: detailed analysis of SEC filings, conference call transcripts, management’s business plan, etc., to identify both opportunities and potential problems (red flags) 
			 
 
 


Step Five
Portfolio Construction and Risk Control
 


 

				 Build economic-risk diversified portfolio, going beyond traditional sector diversification to reduce coincident economic drivers 
			 
 
 


Step Six
Portfolio Oversight and Sell Decision
 


 

				 Other side of risk-reward analysis – monitor and sell stocks at appropriate time and valuation, based on macro and fundamental analysis of evolving market environments 
			 
 
 


Result
Repeatable FLEXIBLE investment process that generates consistent long-term capital protection and net alpha IN CHANGING MARKETS.
 
NEXT: RESULTS

 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 



















Contact Us | Symons Capital Management
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









Contact Us






 



Symons Capital Management
HEADQUARTERS:
650 Washington Road, Suite 800
Pittsburgh, PA 15228
Telephone: (412) 344-7690
Toll free: (888) 344-7740
Fax: (412) 344-7693
 
Directory:

Ed Symons


ed@symonscapital.com
(412) 379-0902
				
Michael Czajka

michael@symonscapital.com
(610) 648-3851
				
Lou Iovannone

lou@symonscapital.com
(856) 988-5445
				
 
Parking & Directions:
Parking is available at the Municipal North Parking Garage located directly across from our headquarters at the intersection of Washington Rd and Cedar Blvd.
Click here for directions from Pittsburgh International Airport (PIT)
Directions to Pittsburgh Headquarters — Click on the Red Icon on Map Below
 
 

Contact Us




Name


Phone


Email Address


Comments







2 + 8 = 

 
Submit



 
 
 
 
 


 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 













Symons Capital Management, Inc. : Top Money Managers  



Symons Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                          - Pittsburgh                                        , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Pittsburgh



Management Services



Financial Management For Business



                            Symons Capital Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















S 


Symons Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



650 WASHINGTON RD STE 800 PITTSBURGH, PA 15228
Get Directions



(412) 343-2540
www.symonscapital.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated PA
 Annual Revenue $1,648,435.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Financial Management For Business
 Contacts Michael P Czajka                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Symons Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                          is located at 650 Washington Rd Ste 800 in Pittsburgh and has been in the business of Financial Management For Business since 2000. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Symons Capital Management, Inc.












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Symons Capital Management, Inc., Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Symons Capital Management, Inc.

Company Information:Name:Symons Capital Management, Inc.Address:250 Mt. Lebanon Blvd.Suite 301Pittsburgh, PA 15234Phone:(412)344-7690Website:www.symonscapital.comCompany Products:Symons Absolute AlphaSymons Alpha GrowthSymons Alpha Value


Symons Capital Management, Inc. Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets








































Symons Capital Management - Pittsburgh, PA





















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 









































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 






































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up

































































































Symons Capital Management Inc. | Wealthminder











































Symons Capital Management Inc.


Symons Capital Management Inc.
(CRD# 104817) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Pittsburgh, PA.
They
manage $460,261,077 in 452 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 11 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Symons Capital Management Inc.




650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228
412-344-7690
http://symonscapital.com




http://symonscapital.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

460
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

452
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$1,018,277







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, FL, IL, LA, NC, NJ, NY, OH, PA, TX, WV






Financial Advisors at Symons Capital Management Inc.




Showing 1 - 8 of 8 top financial advisors.





1















Colin E. Symons



CRD#:
2976526



650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228




96

Wealthminder
score








Colin Symons (CRD# 2976526) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Michael P. Czajka



CRD#:
1529137



5 Great Valley Parkway, Ste 227,
Malvern,
PA
19355




93

Wealthminder
score








Michael Czajka (CRD# 1529137) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Malvern, PA and has 
over 30 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















Vickilynn Ellis



CRD#:
1439927



650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228




93

Wealthminder
score








Vickilynn Ellis (CRD# 1439927) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA and has 
over 31 years
of experience in the finance industry.






4















Richard F. Foran



CRD#:
4816020



650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228




93

Wealthminder
score








Richard Foran (CRD# 4816020) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Francois L. Fournier



CRD#:
5441624



650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228




93

Wealthminder
score








Francois Fournier (CRD# 5441624) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA and has 
over 9 years
of experience in the finance industry.






6















Louis J. Iovannone



CRD#:
2974684



One Greentree Centre, 10000 Lincoln Drive East, Suite 201,
Marlton,
NJ
08053




93

Wealthminder
score








Louis Iovannone (CRD# 2974684) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Marlton, NJ and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Joshua I. Armstrong



CRD#:
5996737



650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228




90

Wealthminder
score








Joshua Armstrong (CRD# 5996737) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Edward L. Symons



CRD#:
2464935



650 Washington Road, Suite 800,
Pittsburgh,
PA
15228




87

Wealthminder
score








Edward Symons (CRD# 2464935) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Symons Capital Management Inc. in Pittsburgh, PA and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now














﻿






























CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Position Cut by Meeder Asset Management Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for CA Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CA Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Approach Resources Inc. (AREX) Insider Buys $242,000.00 in Stock
VASCO Data Security International, Inc. (NASDAQ:VDSI) Coverage Initiated at Imperial Capital
ProAssurance Corporation (NYSE:PRA) Insider Edward Lewis Rand, Jr. Sells 3,155 Shares
Intuit Inc. (NASDAQ:INTU) Downgraded by Citigroup Inc.
Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) CMO Jonathan G. Drachman Sells 10,000 Shares
Analysts Anticipate SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. (SEDG) to Post $0.29 Earnings Per Share
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate T2 Biosystems, Inc. (TTOO) to Post -$0.45 EPS
Brokerages Expect FS Investment Corporation (FSIC) to Post $0.20 EPS
Analysts Set $14.75 Price Target for Third Point Reinsurance Ltd. (TPRE)
Insider Selling: Dirtt Environmental Solutions Ltd (DRT) Director Sells 41,667 Shares of Stock
Bank of Montreal Can Reduces Stake in Bank of the Ozarks (OZRK)
CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Position Cut by Meeder Asset Management Inc.
Trust Co. of Vermont Maintains Position in Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI)
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Has $268,000 Stake in Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU)
James Investment Research Inc. Sells 145,211 Shares of Helen of Troy Limited (HELE)
Nestle SA (NSRGY) Shares Sold by CENTRAL TRUST Co
Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Acquires Shares of 285,700 IMPINJ Inc (NYSE:PI)
Ledyard National Bank Has $120,000 Stake in Xerox Corporation (NYSE:XRX)
Crown Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CCK) Shares Sold by Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P.
CENTRAL TRUST Co Has $399,000 Position in UMB Financial Corporation (UMBF)







CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) Position Cut by Meeder Asset Management Inc.


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments




Meeder Asset Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) by 79.0% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 29,233 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 109,978 shares during the period. Meeder Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in CA were worth $1,007,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Park National Corp OH boosted its position in  CA by 0.3% in the first quarter. Park National Corp OH now owns 8,885 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $282,000 after buying an additional 28 shares in the last quarter.  Cleararc Capital Inc. boosted its position in  CA by 0.4% in the first quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 7,648 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $243,000 after buying an additional 32 shares in the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners boosted its position in  CA by 0.6% in the second quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,316 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $183,000 after buying an additional 32 shares in the last quarter.  Alpha Windward LLC boosted its position in  CA by 0.7% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 9,280 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $294,000 after buying an additional 61 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, U S Global Investors Inc boosted its position in  CA by 0.6% in the first quarter. U S Global Investors Inc now owns 15,500 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $492,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. 70.62% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get CA Inc. alerts:



Shares of CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) opened at 34.48 on Monday. CA Inc. has a 52 week low of $30.01 and a 52 week high of $36.54. The stock has a market cap of $14.41 billion, a PE ratio of 18.64 and a beta of 0.87. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $32.41 and a 200-day moving average of $32.25. 





CA (NASDAQ:CA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.05. CA had a net margin of 19.20% and a return on equity of 17.15%. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $996.59 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.60 earnings per share. CA’s revenue for the quarter was up .3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities research analysts predict that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/17/ca-inc-nasdaqca-position-cut-by-meeder-asset-management-inc.html. 
A number of equities analysts have commented on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies boosted their price target on shares of CA from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised shares of CA from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of CA in a research note on Thursday, June 1st. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. Finally, Citigroup Inc.  reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $34.00 price target (up previously from $33.00) on shares of CA in a research note on Sunday, May 14th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. CA presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $35.10.
In related news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, June 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total value of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 168,455 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.







Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 


















































Colleagues | Symons Capital Management
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 









Colleagues






 



Investment Team
 
 
 






Colin E. Symons, CFA
Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager
Mr. Symons, who holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, is Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager of the Symons Capital Management Value, Small Cap Value and Concentrated Small Cap Value strategies. In conjunction with his portfolio management responsibilities, he oversees and is principally responsible for the company’s independent equity research. Mr. Symons joined Symons Capital Management in July 1997 after working as a software developer in Washington and New York, concentrating on financial services applications for entities such as Chase Manhattan Bank and the Internal Revenue Service. While he was a software developer, Mr. Symons earned the prestigious designation of Microsoft Certified Solution Developer. Mr. Symons earned his BA at Williams College in three years, at age 20.
 
 
 





Richard F. Foran, MPH 
Vice President, Research
Mr. Foran joined Symons Capital Management as Vice President, Research in May 2004, after a highly successful 16-year career in analytical biochemistry and clinical research at The Johns Hopkins University and the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Foran also served as Coordinator of Clinical Studies at the Health Studies Research Center in the Department of Epidemiology, University of Pittsburgh, with responsibilities for the administration and management of clinic staff and operations for all research studies conducted in the Center. Mr. Foran holds a Bachelor of Science in Biology from St. Francis (PA) University and a Master of Public Health in Epidemiology from the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Foran works daily with the Chief Investment Officer on the firm’s equity research.
 
 
 





Joshua I. Armstrong, CFA
Vice President, Research
Mr. Armstrong, who holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, joined Symons Capital in November 2011 as Vice President, Research. Prior to joining Symons Capital, Mr. Armstrong held a series of positions of increasing responsibility within the institutional investment industry. He served as Consulting Analyst at Yanni Partners, a Division of GBS Investment Consulting, and as Operations Manager at the Bank of New York Mellon. Additionally, he worked as a Systems Analyst at the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Armstrong earned his BS degree in Business and Computer Systems from Grove City College. He subsequently earned an MS in Information Systems and an MBA (with a finance concentration) from the University of Pittsburgh. Mr. Armstrong is a trustee of the Scaife Family Foundation.
 
 
 





Matthew S. Wickline, CFA
Vice President, Research
Mr. Wickline, who holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, joined Symons Capital in September 2016 as Vice President, Research. Mr. Wickline works closely with our Chief Investment Officer and our Research Team in implementing the firm’s portfolio management decisions and trading. Prior to joining Symons Capital, Mr. Wickline spent 7 years as an Equity Analyst at C.S. McKee Investment Managers in Pittsburgh. Mr. Wickline holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration with concentrations in Finance and Investment Management from Duquesne University (cum laude) and is currently earning his Master of Business Administration with a concentration in Finance from the University of Pittsburgh’s Katz Graduate School of Business.
 
 
 
 


Executive Management Team
 
 
 






Edward L. Symons, Jr., J. D. 
Chairman and Founder
e: esymons@symonscapital.com
Mr. Symons is Chairman and Founder of Symons Capital Management. He began his investment career in January 1980 as a founder of the company, and has a record of more than 30 years of successful, independent investment management. Before devoting his full professional attention to Symons Capital Management in 1997, Mr. Symons was a tenured Professor of Law at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. Mr. Symons co-authored the principal text then used at American law schools regarding banking law, as well as the only text used for teaching the regulation of financial institutions (covering banks, insurance companies and securities firms, including mutual funds). Before joining the law faculty, Mr. Symons served as an Assistant Attorney General for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, assigned as Chief Counsel for the Pennsylvania Department of Banking. Mr. Symons earned an undergraduate degree from Cornell University and his law degree (summa cum laude) from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. Mr. Symons was a director of St. Clair Hospital from 1995 through 2013 and was Chairman of the Hospital’s Foundation from 1996 through 2006.
 
 
 





Michael P. Czajka 
Chief Executive Officer
e: mczajka@symonscapital.com
Mr. Czajka joined Symons Capital Management in August 2005 as Managing Director. Mr. Czajka is a 25-year veteran of the financial services industry, is principally responsible for institutional business development for Symons Capital and oversees the firm’s Malvern office, which he founded. Mr. Czajka has worked in positions of increasing responsibility for several of the investment industry’s largest firms, such as Schwab Institutional, focusing on service to financial advisers, pension consultants, banks, family offices and retirement plan providers. Immediately before joining Symons Capital, Mr. Czajka consistently ranked among the most successful sales executives for one of Wall Street’s most renowned investment managers, as Vice President of Institutional Marketing for Fred Alger & Company. Mr. Czajka’s entrepreneurial bent includes the experience and challenge of the successful startup, development, operation and ultimate sale of a business in his native Philadelphia area. In August 2006, Mr. Czajka was promoted to Chief Executive Officer.
 
 
 





Louis J. Iovannone Jr., CIMA® 
President
e: liovannone@symonscapital.com
Mr. Iovannone joined Symons Capital Management in April 2013 as President. Mr. Iovannone began his career in the financial services industry in the mid-1990s. He is primarily responsible for Symons Capital’s business development in the defined contribution and defined benefit retirement plan marketplace, and oversees the Marlton, NJ office. Mr. Iovannone most recently held the position of Senior Vice President of Manchester Advisors, the Investment Advisory division of a large national retirement plan administration firm. His responsibilities included business development, product development and oversight of the day to day operations of the firm. Prior to becoming SVP, Mr. Iovannone held the positions of Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Manchester Advisors. Mr. Iovannone also served on the national investment committee for Alliance Benefit Group, a consortium of the top independent retirement plan firms. Earlier in his career, Mr. Iovannone served in various supervisory roles as a registered investment advisory representative. Mr. Iovannone graduated cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, earned his Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) designation at the Wharton School, and is a member of the Investment Management Consultants Association.
 
 
 
 






Vicki Lynn Ellis 
Chief Compliance Officer
Ms. Ellis joined Symons Capital Management in August 2001 as Executive Vice President. Ms. Ellis brings over three decades of securities industry experience to Symons Capital Management, in particular with respect to sales management, compliance and portfolio administration. Prior to joining Symons Capital Management, Ms. Ellis served as Vice President of Operations and Branch Operations Manager for Smith Barney for fifteen years and as an Associate Financial Adviser with Legg Mason for three years. She is an honors graduate of the University of Pittsburgh. In 2006, Ms. Ellis was named our Chief Compliance Officer as she leads our efforts to meet and exceed the CFA Institute’s Global Investment Performance Standards and the SEC’s compliance requirements, in addition to her daily client relations management role.
 
 
 





Frank L. Fournier 
Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Fournier joined Symons Capital Management in October 2007 as Vice President, Trading. Mr. Fournier works closely with our Chief Investment Officer and our Research Team in implementing the firm’s portfolio management decisions and trading. In August 2012, Mr. Fournier assumed the additional responsibilities of Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Fournier brought to Symons Capital over 16 years of financial industry and accounting experience. For the previous eight years, Mr. Fournier held positions of increasing responsibility with Sovereign Bank, then one of the twenty largest banks in the United States, ultimately serving as Vice President, Director of Regulatory Reporting. Earlier in his career, Mr. Fournier spent four years in auditing and four years in capital leasing, gaining numerous promotions. Mr. Fournier earned his degree in Business Administration, with a major in Accounting, from Slippery Rock University.
 
 
 
 






Margaret E. Svidro 
Vice President, Support Services
Ms. Svidro joined Symons Capital Management in September 2007 after a 33 year career at the University of Pittsburgh involving a range of responsibilities, ultimately serving as Financial Coordinator, Payroll. Ms. Svidro earned her degree in history from the University of Pittsburgh, and holds a Public Notary commission in Pennsylvania. Ms. Svidro’s responsibilities at Symons Capital encompass a wide array of support services, including new accounts processing, individual client services and liaison with custodians of clients’ assets.
 
 
 





Teresa L. Svidro 
Vice President, Administration
Ms. Svidro joined Symons Capital Management in December 1997 after a wide array of experience at the University of Pittsburgh. Ms. Svidro worked for 15 years in the School of Law Dean’s office, budget office and faculty support department. As the school’s budget director, she managed a $20 million annual budget. Ms. Svidro earned a degree in biology from the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Svidro oversees the firm’s budget and financial operations, as well as the daily processing of the firm’s client and portfolio data.
 
 
 





Kim Fournier
Administrative Assistant
Ms. Fournier joined Symons Capital Management in May 2015 after 24 years in corporate accounting positions of increasing responsibility. Ms. Fournier spent 15 years working at VF Factory Outlet, Inc. rising to the position of Lead Accounting Clerk. Ms. Fournier next spent 3 years as an Accounting & Financial Lead Specialist at Sovereign Bank. In 2007 she moved to Pittsburgh, working for The Bank of New York Mellon in Payroll & Shareholder Services. Ms. Fournier received a Specialized Associates Degree in Accounting from Pace Institute. Ms. Fournier responsibilities at Symons Capital Management are to provide support to a wide array of administrative duties including trade administration, operations and compliance support.
 
 
 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
















Symons Capital Management Inc in Pittsburgh, PA 15228 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Pittsburgh
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Symons Capital Management Inc













Symons Capital Management Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





650 Washington Rd Ste 800 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15228


(412) 344-7690
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Symons Capital Management Inc is located at the address 650 Washington Rd in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15228.  They can be contacted via phone at (412) 344-7690 for pricing, hours and directions.  Symons Capital Management Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Christopher Douglas Rickard, Coo or  go to www.symonscapital.comSymons Capital Management Inc provides Insurance, Cash Management, Short Term Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Symons Capital Management Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Symons Capital Management Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Tax Free Investments
, Corporate Bonds
, Agency Bonds
, Treasury Bonds
, Loans
, Securities
, Group Policies
, Annuities
, Business Continuation Plans
, CDs



SERVICES


Insurance
, Investments
, Short Term Planning
, Estate Planning
, Cash Management
, Brokerage Services
, Long Term Planning
, Rollovers
, Retirement Services
, Income Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (412) 344-7690
Website: www.symonscapital.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Edward
Main Contact Last Name: Symons
Main Contact Title: Chief Executive Officer
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 375-0000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


R A E D Investments Inc


133 S 22nd St  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15203




GRANT WILLIAMS ASSOCIATES


301 Grant St  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219




Thomas M Reich & Assoc


1 Altoona Pl  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15228




G & R Investment Consultants


3355 Babcock Blvd  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15237




National City Bank


2717 Brownsville Rd  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15227




Virostek Thomas C CFP Insurance


Usx Towers  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Christopher Douglas Rickard
COO
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Richard Francis Foran
VP, RESEARCH
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Margaret  Svidro
VICE PRESIDENT SUPPORT SERVICES
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Chris  Hoel
PRESIDENT
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Evan  Kellenberger
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Colin  Symons
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Edward Leonard Symons
DIRECTOR, CHAIRMAN
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Frank  Fournier
VICE PRESIDENT TRADING
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Michael Paul Czajka
PRESIDENT & CEO
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Teresa  Czidro
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Vicki L Eis
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



Vickilynn  Ellis
CCO
Phone: (412) 344-7690 
 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM
















Hedgeable | Sophisticated Investing Made Simple









































Symons Capital Management |
























 
























Select Page


  
 



 



 











FOR OVER 30 YEARS OUR INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY HAS NEVER CHANGED —

WE INVEST FOR OUR CLIENTS PRECISELY AS WE DO FOR OURSELVES

 

 
 




WE ARE FOCUSED ON ONE ACTIVITY FOR ONE PURPOSE —

INDEPENDENT STOCK PICKING FOR SUSTAINABLE WEALTH ACCUMULATION

 

 
 




WE MAINTAIN OUR STOCK SELECTION PROCESS GENERATES HIGH QUALITY 

PORTFOLIOS THAT REDUCE RISK, PRESERVE CAPITAL & ADD PERFORMANCE

 

 
 




WE BELIEVE THIS RESULTS IN A PERMANENT COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE —

ABOVE-BENCHMARK RETURNS WITH BELOW-BENCHMARK RISKS

 

 
 
 
 
 






Insight
from colin symons
Read

 
 
 




Six Step
Repeatable Process
Learn

 
 
 




Results
Proven Performance
Review

 
 
 
 
 



Philadelphia
5 Great Valley Parkway, Suite 217
Malvern, PA 19355
P: (610) 648-3851


			 
 

Headquarters
Pittsburgh
650 Washington Road, Suite 800
Pittsburgh, PA 15228-2702
P: (412) 344-7690
Toll free: (888) 344-7740


			 
 

New Jersey
One Greentree Centre
10000 Lincoln Drive East, Suite 201
Marlton, NJ 08053
P: (856) 988-5445
 
 
 
 



our firm OverviewInsight From Colin Symons Colleaguescontact
 
 

value investingInvestment PhilosophySCM Six Step Repeatable ProcessResults Risk Matters Performance / Offerings
 
 

resourcesInvestment Letter Conference Calls Marketing Materials Strategy Fact SheetsIn the News
 
 

From the Blog...
 

Blowin’ In The Wind
 Apr 3, 2017 Where do we find the answers to the questions we ponder?
read more
 
 
 
 


The content on this site is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offering of advisory services or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or financial instrument offered by Symons Capital Management, Inc. (SCM). The views presented are subject to change without notice of any kind. SCM is a registered investment adviser and manages equity assets for individual and institutional investors, including registered investment companies. Please refer to Form ADV Part 2A Click Here for more information on our strategies and investment philosophy and the corresponding risks. SCM claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS). A complete list of our composite descriptions is available by request.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 












 























































Symons Capital Management Inc C - Investing - 650 Washington Rd, Pittsburgh, PA - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    rweevefeefvstyuswt



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 












650 Washington RdSte 800Pittsburgh, PA 15228


        (412) 344-7690
    






            Symons Capital Management Inc C
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.





Investing






        Edit
        , Opens a popup

Edit category













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Symons Capital Management Inc C


        650 Washington Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15228
    




Get directions


























Edit




        650 Washington RdSte 800Pittsburgh, PA 15228
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (412) 344-7690
    






 
Business website
symonscapital.com









Send to your Phone







Financial Services



Investing








Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business




































        Ad
    

Golden Oak Lending







21.3 Miles away from Symons Capital Management Inc C
            








                    If you are looking to refinance your home we have the following options available: - Cash Out - Debt Consolidation - Home Improvements - Lower Your Rate - Shorten Your Loan Term - Jumbo Programs - Purchase of a New Home…
            
read more



            in Financial Advising
        















        Ad
    

Bryan Elderkin - State Farm Insurance Agent







18.1 Miles away from Symons Capital Management Inc C
            








                    We are here to help life 'go right'! And when it doesn't, to help with the decisions that you face. We offer a high degree of personalized service and are available for any of your questions or to discuss concerns. At State…
            
read more



            in Insurance
        










Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Symons Capital Management Inc C.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for Symons Capital Management Inc C.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Other Investing Nearby




                        Find more Investing near Symons Capital Management Inc C
                    





Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Symons Capital Management Inc C



Investing


Pittsburgh, PA




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        


















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


