Inpixon: NASDAQ:INPX quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceInpixon(NASDAQ:INPX)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Inpixon  (Public, NASDAQ:INPX)  
Watch this stock
 




















0.600


-0.001
(-0.17%)





Jul 28 - Close


NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

0.57 - 0.62



52 week

0.55 - 11.08



Open

0.60



Vol / Avg.

173,800.00/874,520.00



Mkt cap

1.47M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-15.07



Shares

2.44M



Beta

1.92



Inst. own

5%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Inpixon »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-44.86%
-50.30%

Operating margin
-39.72%
-44.62%

EBITD margin
-
-18.16%

Return on average assets
-40.07%
-39.57%

Return on average equity
-3139.69%
-188.73%

Employees
121
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
2479 E Bayshore Rd Ste 195PALO ALTO, CA 94303-3245United States
- Map+1-408-7022167 (Phone)+1-408-8241543 (Fax)

Website links


https://inpixon.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Technology > Industry: IT Services & Consulting - NEC

More from FactSet »










Description




Inpixon, formerly Sysorex Global, provides data analytics and location-based solutions and services to commercial and government customers across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Mobile, IoT & Big Data Products, which includes its AirPatrol product line and on-premise big data appliance product; Storage and Computing, which includes third-party hardware, software and related maintenance/warranty products and services that the Company resells; SaaS Revenues, which provides software-as-a-services or Internet-based hosted services, and Professional Services, which offers general information technology (IT) services. Its products and services include LightMiner Analytics Platform, Data Science and Advanced Analytics Consulting Services, AirPatrol for Security, AirPatrol for Retail, Shoom Product Line, Enterprise Infrastructure Solutions and Services, and IT Services.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Nadir Ali

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 46

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Wendy Loundermon

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer





Age: 46

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Geoffrey Lilien

Chief Executive Officer of Lilien Systems, Director





Age: 51

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Soumya Das

Chief Marketing Officer






Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Abdul-Aziz Salloum

General Manager of Sysorex Arabia





Age: 54

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Kareem M. Irfan

Independent Director





Age: 55

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Tanveer A. Khader

Independent Director





Age: 47

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Leonard A. Oppenheim Esq.

Independent Director





Age: 67

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Thomas L. Steding

Independent Director





Age: 71

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service

﻿
























Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) to “Hold” - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Sysorex Global
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Sysorex Global with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Open Text Corporation (NASDAQ:OTEX) Given Buy Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada
Hospitality Properties Trust (NASDAQ:HPT) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) to “Hold”
BMO Capital Markets () Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages
KB Home (NYSE:KBH) Shares Up 5.4% After Strong Earnings
Jefferies Group Research Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB)
Reviewing Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage (NGVC) & Vitamin Shoppe (VSI)
DBV Technologies (DBVT) vs. Trinity Biotech PLC (NASDAQ:TRIB) Head to Head Analysis
Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for UBS Group AG (UBSG)
Amarin Corporation PLC (NASDAQ:AMRN) Upgraded to Buy by BidaskClub
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Cuts Stake in Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE:BXP)
8.6% Stake of Datawatch Corporation (DWCH) Held by
G2 INVESTMENT PARTNERS MANAGEMENT LLC
Total Shares:
1,034,997
Clairvest Group Inc Announces Annual Dividend of $0.10 (TSE:CVG)
Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13
Urban Outfitters Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (NASDAQ:URBN)
Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on Carrizo Oil & Gas (NASDAQ:CRZO)
Stock Traders Buy Large Volume of Put Options on ConAgra Foods (NYSE:CAG)
Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CPSI) Receives $27.78 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:FITB) Stake Lowered by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky
Burford Capital Limited (LON:BUR) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Berenberg Bank


 


Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) to “Hold”

Posted by Toi Williams on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday, July 12th. 
According to Zacks, “Inpixon provides Indoor Positioning and Data Analytics. The company sensors are designed to find all accessible cellular, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth devices anonymously. Its products, infrastructure solutions, and professional services group help customers take advantage of mobile, big data, analytics and the Internet of Things to uncover the untold stories of the indoors. Inpixon, formerly known as Sysorex Global, is based in Glendora, United States. “




Separately, B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Sysorex Global in a report on Friday, May 12th.


 Get Sysorex Global alerts:



Shares of Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) opened at 0.6902 on Wednesday. Sysorex Global has a one year low of $0.58 and a one year high of $11.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $1.19 and a 200 day moving average price of $2.67. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.68 million. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) to “Hold”” was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/zacks-investment-research-upgrades-sysorex-global-nasdaqinpx-to-hold-updated.html. 
Sysorex Global Company Profile
Inpixon, formerly Sysorex Global, provides data analytics and location-based solutions and services to commercial and government customers across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Mobile, IoT & Big Data Products, which includes its AirPatrol product line and on-premise big data appliance product; Storage and Computing, which includes third-party hardware, software and related maintenance/warranty products and services that the Company resells; SaaS Revenues, which provides software-as-a-services or Internet-based hosted services, and Professional Services, which offers general information technology (IT) services. 
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Sysorex Global (INPX)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com 
Receive News & Ratings for Sysorex Global Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sysorex Global and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































10-K: SYSOREX GLOBAL - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
                                





 
5:58 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
                                





 
5:54 P.M. ET


Updated
      Bitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: SYSOREX GLOBAL
    








    By

Published: Mar 30, 2016 4:47 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis here and throughout this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, risks described in the section entitled "Risk Factors."  Except where indicated, all share and per share data in this section, as well as the consolidated financial statements, reflect the reverse stock split effected on April 8, 2014.  Overview of Our Business  Sysorex Global ("Sysorex" or the "Company") provides data analytics and indoor-location based solutions and services to commercial and government customers worldwide. We have developed a new kind of discovery platform that blends data from traditional software and network systems with the growing universe of mobile and Internet of Things (IoT). In doing so we have created a high velocity, secure and scalable platform that we believe allows our customers to evaluate their most complex business issues, and compete successfully in their respective markets. Our products are designed to help customers derive real time value by combining both the physical and digital worlds. These products and services operate and report among the following segments: Mobile, IoT & Big Data Products, Storage and Computing, SaaS Revenues, and Professional Services.  Sysorex's data analytics products integrate with our AirPatrol product line, which focuses on collecting data from any wireless device in close proximity (Cellular, WiFi, BLE, RFID, etc.). We believe we can provide the right information at the right time based on our integrated solutions allowing us to uniquely blend the real world and the digital world. We believe that our AirPatrol product line is also well positioned in the Cyber Security market as mobile device management and detection technology. We believe that our location accuracy of sub 10-feet and our ability to capture all RF frequencies is unmatched. Detecting rogue devices that could be a security threat to an enterprise or government agency and then providing accurate location of that device is an important security application for our customers. Our AirPatrol product line has three patents and ten others pending worldwide.  Sysorex also provides supporting products and services including enterprise computing and storage, virtualization, business continuity, data migration; custom application development, networking and information technology business consulting services. These allow Sysorex to offer turnkey solutions when requested by customers.  Our Storage and Computing segment revenues are typically driven by purchase orders that are received on a monthly basis. Approximately 21% of the revenues from these purchase orders are recurring contracts that range from one to five years for warranty and maintenance support. For these contracts the customer is invoiced one time and pays Sysorex upfront for the full term of the warranty and maintenance contract. Revenue from these contracts is determinable ratably over the contract period with the unearned revenue recorded as deferred revenue and amortized over the contract period. We have a 30-year history and a high repeat customer rate of approximately 50-60% annually. Our revenues are diversified over hundreds of customers and typically no one customer exceeds 15% of revenues however from time to time a large order from a customer could put it temporarily above 15%. We have one customer that was approximately 25% for the year ending December 31, 2015 but we don't anticipate that this customer will continue to maintain that percentage as our revenues expand across other customers in 2016. Management believes this diversification provides stability to our revenue streams.  Our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) contracts are typically performed for periods of one or more years and we have a high customer retention rate. Sysorex SaaS product include: eTearsheets, invoicing, CRM, and other products and services to approximately 675 newspapers in the Cloud. Cloud or SaaS based analytics is a growing market that Sysorex intends to pursue beyond the media vertical that we are in today.  Our Mobile, IoT and Big Data sales are expected to grow significantly in 2016; however sales cycles proved to be longer than we expected in 2015. The long sales cycles result from customer related issues such as budget and procurement processes but also because of the early stages of indoor-locationing technology and the learning curve required for customers to implement such solutions. This is improving with the increased presence and awareness of beacon and wi-fi locationing technologies in the market.  Our Professional Services group provides consulting services ranging from enterprise architecture design to custom application development to data modeling. Sysorex offers a full scope of information technology development and implementation services. With expertise in a broad range of IT practices including project design and management, systems integration, outsourcing, independent validation and verification, cyber security and more.  Events such as budget impasses and sequestration in the federal government could impact government customer funding for projects that our IT Government segment is pursuing by delaying payment or decisions on contract/task order awards, as the Company has experienced with prior awards. However, our government contracts are currently approximately 12% of our total revenues. Such government contracts typically have a three to five year term and we believe that our recent government contract revenues will be indicative of future government contract based revenues.  Recent Events  Reverse Stock-Split  In connection with the Company's initial public offering described below and in order to satisfy the initial listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market, on April 8, 2014 the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation (the "Certificate of Amendment") with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a one-for-two reverse split of the Company's common stock, with no reduction in authorized capital.  April 2014 Initial Public Offering  On April 9, 2014, in connection with an offering (the "Offering") by the Company of an aggregate of 3,333,333 shares (the "Shares") of the Company's common stock, at a price to the public of $6.00 per Share, including 166,667 shares sold by a selling stockholder, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") with Wellington Shields & Co. LLC, and Dougherty & Co. LLC. (collectively, the "Underwriters"), with respect to the sale by the Company and the purchase by the Underwriters of the Shares. The Shares were registered for offer and sold pursuant to an effective Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-191648) and a related prospectus.  On April 15, 2014, upon the closing of the Offering, the Company received approximately $16.6 million from the sale of 3,166,666 Shares in the Offering, excluding the Shares sold by the selling stockholder, after deducting the underwriting discounts, fees and commissions. The net proceeds of the Offering were used in connection with the acquisition of AirPatrol and will also be used to expand the Company's sales and marketing efforts, including expanding its Washington, D.C. office, for future strategic acquisitions, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.  Nasdaq Listing  On April 10, 2014, in connection with the offering of the Shares described above, the Company's common stock began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol "SYRX."  September 2015 Public Offering  On September 25, 2015, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") with B. Riley & Co., LLC, as representative of the several underwriters named therein (the "Underwriters"), relating to the issuance and sale of 5,250,000 shares of the Company common stock, par value $0.001 per share. The price to the public in this offering was $1.00 per share. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company also granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the closing date, to purchase up to an additional 787,500 shares at the public offering price. The offering was made pursuant to the Company's registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration Statement No. 333-204159) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and declared effective May 28, 2015 and a related prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The offering closed September 30, 2015. After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, the net proceeds from the offering were approximately $4.7 million. The net proceeds from the offering were used for general corporate purposes, which included business development activities, capital expenditures, working capital and general and administrative expenses.  JOBS Act  Pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies may delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to opt out of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events, and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material.  Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2 of the audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. We believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. There have been no changes to estimates during the periods presented in the filing. Historically changes in management estimates have not been material.  Revenue Recognition  We provide IT solutions and services to customers with revenues currently derived primarily from the sale of third-party hardware and software products, software, assurance, licenses and other consulting services, including maintenance services. The products and services we sell, and the manner in which they are bundled, are technologically complex and the characterization of these products and services require judgment in order to apply revenue recognition policies. For all of these revenue sources, we determine whether we are the principal or agent in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic, 605-45 Principal Agent Considerations.  We allocate the total arrangement consideration to the deliverables based on an estimated selling price of our products and services and report revenues containing multiple deliverable arrangements under ASC 605-25 "Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables" ("ASC-605-25"). These multiple deliverable arrangements primarily consist of the following deliverables:  We recognize revenue when the following criteria are met (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) shipment (software or hardware) or fulfillment (maintenance) has occurred and applicable services have been rendered, (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Generally, these criteria are met upon shipment to customers with respect to the sales of hardware and software products. With respect to our maintenance and other service agreements, this criteria is met once the service has been provided. Revenue from the sales of our services on time and material contracts is recognized based on a fixed hourly rate as direct labor hours are expended. We recognize revenue for sales of all services on a fixed fee ratably over the term of the arrangement as such services are provided. The Company evaluates whether the revenues it receives from the sale of hardware and software products, licenses, and services, including maintenance and professional consulting services, should be recognized on a gross or net basis on a transaction by transaction basis. We maintain primary responsibility for the materials and procedures utilized to service our customers, even in connection with the sale of third party-products and maintenance services as we are responsible for the fulfillment and acceptability of the products and services purchased by our customers. In addition, the nature of the products sold to our customers are such that they need configuration in order to be utilized properly for the purposes intended by the customer and therefore we assume certain responsibility for product staging, configuration, installation, modification, and integration with other client systems, or retain general inventory risk upon customer return or rejection. Our customers rely on us to develop the appropriate solutions and specifications applicable to their specific systems and then integrate any such required products or services into their systems. As described above, we are responsible for the day to day maintenance and warranty services provided in connection with all of our existing customer relationships, whether such services are ultimately provided directly by the Company and its employees or by the applicable third party service provider. As of the date of this filing, after an evaluation of all of our existing customer relationships, we have concluded that we are the primary obligor to all of our existing customers and therefore recognize all revenues on a gross basis.  Long-lived Assets  We account for our long-lived assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 360, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("ASC 360"), which requires that long-lived assets be evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or the useful life has changed. Some of the events or changes in circumstances that would trigger an impairment test include, but are not limited to:  ? significant under-performance relative to expected and/or historical results (negative comparable sales growth or operating cash flows for two consecutive years);  ? significant negative industry or economic trends;  ? knowledge of transactions involving the sale of similar property at amounts below our carrying value; or  ? our expectation to dispose of long-lived assets before the end of their estimated useful lives, even though the assets do not meet the criteria to be classified as "held for sale."  Long-lived assets are grouped for recognition and measurement of impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets. The impairment test for long-lived assets requires us to assess the recoverability of our long-lived assets by comparing their net carrying value to the sum of undiscounted estimated future cash flows directly associated with and arising from our use and eventual disposition of the assets. If the net carrying value of a group of long-lived assets exceeds the sum of related undiscounted estimated future cash flows, we would be required to record an impairment charge equal to the excess, if any, of net carrying value over fair value.  When assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, which include property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets, we make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors. Some of these assumptions involve a high degree of judgment and also bear a significant impact on the assessment conclusions. Included among these assumptions are estimating undiscounted future cash flows, including the projection of comparable sales, operating expenses, capital requirements for maintaining property and equipment and residual value of asset groups. We formulate estimates from historical experience and assumptions of future performance, based on business plans and forecasts, recent economic and business trends, and competitive conditions. In the event that our estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment charge. Based on our evaluation we did not record a charge for impairment for the years ended December 31, 2015 and, 2014.  We evaluate the remaining useful lives of long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that a revision to the remaining period of amortization is warranted. Such events or circumstances may include (but are not limited to): the effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, and/or other economic factors including the stability of the industry in which we operate, known technological advances, legislative actions, or changes in the regulatory environment. If the estimated remaining useful lives change, the remaining carrying amount of the long-lived assets and identifiable intangible assets would be amortized prospectively over that revised remaining useful life. We have determined that there were no events or circumstances during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 which would indicate a revision to the remaining amortization period related to any of our long lived assets. Accordingly, we believe that the current estimated useful lives of long-lived assets reflect the period over which they are expected to contribute to future cash flows and are therefore deemed appropriate.  Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Assets  We have recorded goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets in connection with our acquisitions of Lilien, Shoom, AirPatrol and LightMiner. Goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets of the acquired company, is not amortized. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are stated at fair value as of the date acquired in a business combination. Our goodwill balance and other assets with indefinite lives are evaluated for potential impairment during the fourth quarter of each year and in certain other circumstances. The evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of the business to the recorded value, including goodwill. To determine the fair value of the business, we utilize both the income approach, which is based on estimates of future net cash flows, and the market approach, which observes transactional evidence involving similar businesses. There was no goodwill impairment for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  Deferred Income Taxes  In accordance with ASC 740 "Income Taxes" ("ASC 740"), management routinely evaluates the likelihood of the realization of its income tax benefits and the recognition of its deferred tax assets. In evaluating the need for any valuation allowance, management will assess whether it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset may not be realized. Ultimately, the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during those periods in which temporary differences become deductible and/or tax credits and tax loss carry-forwards can be utilized. In performing its analyses, management considers both positive and negative evidence including historical financial performance, previous earnings patterns, future earnings forecasts, tax planning strategies, economic and business trends and the potential realization of net operating loss carry-forwards within a reasonable timeframe. To this end, management considered (i) that we have had historical losses in the prior years and cannot anticipate generating a sufficient level of future profits in order to realize the benefits of our deferred tax asset; (ii) tax planning strategies; and (iii) the adequacy of future income as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015, based upon certain economic conditions and historical losses through December 31, 2015. After consideration of these factors management deemed it appropriate to establish a full valuation allowance.  A liability for "unrecognized tax benefits" is recorded for any tax benefits claimed in the Company's tax filings that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be reported. The guidance also discusses the classification of related interest and penalties on income taxes. The Company's policy is to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. No interest or penalties were recorded during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  We maintain our reserves for credit losses at a level believed by management to be adequate to absorb potential losses inherent in the respective balances. We assign an internal credit quality rating to all new customers and update these ratings regularly, but no less than annually. Management's determination of the adequacy of the reserve for credit losses for our accounts and notes receivable is based on the age of the receivable balance, the customer's credit quality rating, an evaluation of historical credit losses, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors.  As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, allowance for credit losses included an allowance for doubtful accounts of approximately $285,000 and $9,000, respectively, due to the aging of the items greater than 120 days outstanding and other potential non-collections.  Business Combinations  We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their fair values at the date of acquisition. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value is recorded as goodwill. Any changes in the estimated fair values of the net assets recorded for acquisitions prior to the finalization of more detailed analysis, but not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, will change the amount of the purchase price allocable to goodwill. Any subsequent changes to any purchase price allocations that are material to our consolidated financial results will be adjusted. All acquisition costs are expensed as incurred and in-process research and development costs are recorded at fair value as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and assessed for impairment thereafter until completion, at which point the asset is amortized over its expected useful life. Separately recognized transactions associated with business combinations are generally expensed subsequent to the acquisition date. The application of business combination and impairment accounting requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions.  Upon acquisition, the accounts and results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date and are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements from the acquisition date.  Stock-Based Compensation  We account for equity instruments issued to non-employees in accordance with accounting guidance which requires that such equity instruments are recorded at their fair value on the measurement date, which is typically the date the services are performed.  We account for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with accounting guidance that requires that awards are recorded at their fair value on the date of grant and are amortized over the vesting period of the award. We recognize compensation costs over the requisite service period of the award, which is generally the vesting term of the equity instrument issued.  The Black-Scholes option valuation model is used to estimate the fair value of the options or the equivalent security granted. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. The model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options or warrants. The expected volatility is estimated based on the average of historical volatilities for industry peers.  The principal assumptions used in applying the Black-Scholes model along with the results from the model were as follows:   December 31, December 31, 2015 2014 Risk-free interest rate 1.73% to 2.27% 2.29% to 2.82% Expected life of option grants 7 years 7 years Expected volatility of underlying stock 39.4% to 51.45% 38.1% to 39.4% Dividends - -  Operating Segments  The Company operates in the following business segments:  ? Mobile, IoT & Big Data Products: These products currently include our AirPatrol product line (location-based security and marketing platform for wireless and cellular devices that can detect, monitor and manage the content and behavior of smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices based on their location and user); on-premise big data appliance product (Light Miner Studio "LMS") and will include future Sysorex owned products.  ? Storage and Computing: This segment includes third party hardware, software and related maintenance/warranty products and services that Sysorex resells. It includes but is not limited to products for enterprise computing; storage; virtualization; networking; etc.  ? SaaS Revenues: These are Software-as-a-Services (SaaS) or internet based hosted services including the Shoom product line and cloud based big data analytics services (based on our LMS product) and other data science services; analytics services for AirPatrol products and other managed services on a SaaS basis.  ? Professional Services: These are general IT services including but not limited to: custom application/software design; architecture and development; project management; C4I system consulting; strategic outsourcing; staff augmentation; data center design and operations services; data migration services and other non-SaaS services.  Results of Operations  . . .  Mar 30, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials


Get ready for the less-profitable Amazon that you used to know


Kellyanne Conway suggests Hillary Clinton’s language is more vulgar than Anthony Scaramucci’s















Most Popular





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





How you teach a computer to drive like a human




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 

































Overview - Investor Relations | Sysorex























































































Products



by Application

AirPatrol
LightMiner
Shoom


by Solution

AirPatrol for Healthcare
AirPatrol for Security







Services



by Practice Area

Big Data & Analytics
Converged Infrastructure
Data Migration
Managed Services


by Government Contract Vehicle

Army EITS
CIO-CS
DHS EAGLE II
ENCORE II
GSA
SeaPort-e
SEWP V
SPAWAR
TEIS III







News & Events

News Center
Event Calendar
Media Center
Resources


Support
About Us

Executive Team
Board of Directors
Partners
Government Contracts
Careers
Contact Us


Investors

IR Kit
Media
Analyst Coverage
Corporate/IR Events
In The News
Press Releases
Management Team
Board of Directors
Board Committees
Governance Documents
SEC Filings
Frequently Asked Questions
Key Contacts
Subscribe to Email Alerts











 







 


Overview



Symbol
SYRX









Sysorex develops the systems and solutions that power the data-driven enterprise. With an innovative approach to big data, analytics and the Internet of Things (IoT), we blend virtual data from software and networks with the huge volume of physical data generated by mobile devices and Internet-connected things to open new worlds of insight. Our unique solutions are helping organizations worldwide improve decision making, increase productivity, and fuel the discoveries of tomorrow. Headquartered in Palo Alto, California, we have regional offices in North America, South America, Europe and the Middle East.






 Tear Sheet
 IR Contacts
 Subscribe to News Alerts
 RSS Feed





Company Profile
 Corporate Headquarters
2479 E. Bayshore Rd, Ste 195
Palo Alto, CA 94303
 408.702.2167
 650.967.9327
 info@sysorex.com


Today



Leadership




Bret Osborn
Chief Sales Officer





Nadir Ali
CEO





Craig Harper
Chief Technology Officer





Kevin Harris
CFO





Soumya Das
Chief Marketing Officer





Wendy Loundermon
VP Finance, President SGS





View Management Team


Past Six Months






Recent News & Filings


News
Feb 28, 2017Sysorex Announces Favorable Decision from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel
Feb 23, 2017Sysorex Named to 2017 CRN MSP Elite 150 List
Jan 17, 2017Sysorex Appoints Soumya Das as Chief Marketing Officer
Dec 19, 2016Sysorex Launches 3-Part "Freethinkers of the Retail World" Webinar Series
Dec 12, 2016Sysorex Announces Pricing of $2.0 Million Registered Direct Offering
View All News Articles
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events scheduled at this time.


Filings
Jul 20, 20178-K  - Current report: n
Jul 07, 20174  - Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities
Jul 07, 20174  - Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities
Jul 07, 20174  - Statement of changes in beneficial ownership of securities
Jul 03, 20178-K  - Current report
View All Filings








			Sysorex Global Corporate Presentation		


			Report of Organizational Actions Affecting Basis of Securities		


				10-K - Dec 31, 2016			


				10-Q - Mar 31, 2017			





Investor Relations
CORE IR
377 Oak Street
Concourse 2
Garden City, NY 11530
Attn: Scott Arnold
Tel: (516) 222-2560
scotta@coreir.com
www.coreir.com


Transfer Agent
Corporate Stock Transfer
3200 Cherry Creek Drive South, 
Suite 430
Denver, Colorado 80209
Tel (303) 282-4800 
Fax (303) 282-5800
www.corporatestock.com


Auditors
Marcum LLP 
750 3rd Avenue
11th Floor
New York, NY 10017
Attn: Stephen Feldman, CPA
Tel: 212-485-5610
Fax: 212-485-5501


Corporate Counsel
Kevin Friedmann
Richardson & Patel, LLP
Los Angeles, California
1100 Glendon Avenue
Suite 850
Los Angeles, CA 90024-3526
Telephone: (310) 208-1182
Facsimile: (310) 208-1154





Subscribe to IR news and filing alerts
 
You can opt out at any time. We do not share or sell your info.





  
 
 

















 


MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




6:44 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
6:08pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:58pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:54pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) Stock Price, News & Analysis






















    























































































Sysorex Global Company Profile (NASDAQ:INPX)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)
Inpixon, formerly Sysorex Global, provides data analytics and location-based solutions and services to commercial and government customers across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Mobile, IoT & Big Data Products, which includes its AirPatrol product line and on-premise big data appliance product; Storage and Computing, which includes third-party hardware, software and related maintenance/warranty products and services that the Company resells; SaaS Revenues, which provides software-as-a-services or Internet-based hosted services, and Professional Services, which offers general information technology (IT) services. Its products and services include LightMiner Analytics Platform, Data Science and Advanced Analytics Consulting Services, AirPatrol for Security, AirPatrol for Retail, Shoom Product Line, Enterprise Infrastructure Solutions and Services, and IT Services. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Business Services
Industry: IT Services & Consulting - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NASDAQ:INPX
CUSIP: N/A
Web: www.inpixon.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $1.44 millionOutstanding Shares: 2,443,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $1.02200 Day Moving Avg: $2.5752 Week Range: $0.57 - $11.08


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: N/AForeward P/E Ratio: -0.76P/E Growth: -0.010Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $52.56 millionPrice / Sales: 0.03Book Value: ($0.84) per sharePrice / Book: -0.70


Profitability:EBIDTA: ($11,630,000.00)Net Margins: -54.93%Return on Equity: -378.28%Return on Assets: -41.49%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: -1.14%Current Ratio: 0.45%Quick Ratio: 0.43%Misc:Average Volume: 707,752 shs.Beta: 1.44Short Ratio: 1.54

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)
What is Sysorex Global's stock symbol?

Sysorex Global trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "INPX."



How were Sysorex Global's earnings last quarter?

Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) posted its earnings results on Thursday, August, 11th. The company reported ($0.11) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of ($0.08) by $0.03. The company had revenue of $13.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $16.90 million. Sysorex Global had a negative net margin of 54.93% and a negative return on equity of 378.28%.  View Sysorex Global's Earnings History.



Where is Sysorex Global's stock going? Where will Sysorex Global's stock price be in 2017?

1 brokerages have issued 12 month target prices for Sysorex Global's stock. Their predictions range from $3.25 to $3.25. On average, they expect Sysorex Global's stock price to reach $3.25 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Sysorex Global.



Who are some of Sysorex Global's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Sysorex Global include Imaginatik Plc (IMTK), Accumuli Ltd (ACM), Apigee Corp (APIC), Arcontech Group PLC (ARC), Baozun (BZUN), ChinaCache International Holdings (CCIH), Cloudbuy PLC (ATUK), Cyan (CYNI), Datalink (DTLK), DDD Group Plc (DDD), Digital Globe Services Ltd (DGS), DXC Technology Co (CSC), EPIQ Systems (EPIQ), Galasys PLC (GLS), IGATE Corp (IGTE), IMS Health Holdings (IMS), Infoblox (BLOX) and Informatica LLC (INFA).



Who are Sysorex Global's key executives?

Sysorex Global's management team includes the folowing people: Nadir Ali, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorKevin Roy Harris, Chief Financial OfficerGeoffrey Lilien, Chief Executive Officer of Lilien Systems, DirectorSoumya Das, Chief Marketing OfficerWendy Loundermon, Vice President of Finance and President of the government services unitAbdul-Aziz Salloum, General Manager of Sysorex ArabiaKareem M. Irfan, Independent DirectorTanveer A. Khader, Independent DirectorLeonard A. Oppenheim Esq., Independent DirectorThomas L. Steding, Independent Director



How do I buy Sysorex Global stock? 

Shares of Sysorex Global can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Sysorex Global's stock price today?

One share of Sysorex Global stock can currently be purchased for approximately $0.59.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ INPX)Community Ranking:  3.7 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  79 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  29 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  108MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Sysorex Global and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 1 Hold RatingConsensus Rating:Hold (Score: 2.00)Consensus Price Target: $3.25 (451.60% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails5/17/2017B. RileyDowngradeNeutral$3.25Medium3/11/2016Dougherty & CoLower Price TargetBuy$2.00 -> $1.20N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)Earnings History by Quarter for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ INPX)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails11/14/2016Q316($0.11)($0.14)$17.42 million$11.20 millionViewN/A8/11/2016Q216($0.08)($0.11)$16.90 million$13.30 millionViewListen5/12/2016Q1($0.10)($0.11)$15.76 million$14.10 millionViewListen5/7/2015Q1 2015($0.03)($0.10)$14.12 millionViewN/A11/13/2014Q314($0.06)($0.11)$13.94 million$14.28 millionViewN/A8/14/2014Q214($0.04)($0.01)$17.81 million$17.15 millionViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: ($1.90)QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171($0.87)($0.87)($0.87)Q2 20171($0.62)($0.62)($0.62)Q3 20171$0.13$0.13$0.13Q4 20171($0.54)($0.54)($0.54)(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)Insider Ownership Percentage: 24.00%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 4.90%Insider Trades by Quarter for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails8/19/2016Kevin Roy HarrisCFOBuy10,000$0.43$4,300.00  8/17/2016Craig Allen HarperInsiderBuy9,000$0.45$4,050.00  6/13/2016Geoffrey LilienDirectorBuy40,000$0.50$20,000.00  5/20/2016Bret OsbornInsiderBuy50,000$0.44$22,000.00  5/19/2016Bret OsbornInsiderBuy15,000$0.41$6,150.00  12/17/2015Kevin Roy HarrisCFOBuy5,000$0.59$2,950.00  12/4/2015Craig Allen HarperCTOBuy6,000$0.72$4,320.00  11/18/2015Nadir AliCEOBuy21,500$0.66$14,190.00  11/11/2015Kevin Roy HarrisCFOBuy7,000$0.73$5,110.00  4/15/2014Geoffrey LilienCEOSell166,667$5.58$930,001.86  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)


Latest Headlines for Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineInpixon Announces Technology Refresh Deal With Leading Beverage Distributorfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 8:09 PMInpixon Expanding Offering of Canon USA’s RadPRO SecurPASS Security Screening Systemfinance.yahoo.com - July 20 at 11:46 PMHead-To-Head Survey: Sysorex Global (NASDAQ:INPX) & PFSweb (PFSW)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 19 at 10:44 AMInpixon Offerings Added to NASA SEWP V Government-wide Strategic Solutions (GSS) for Laptops and Monitorsfinance.yahoo.com - July 18 at 2:21 AMInpixon is Approved for the Army Consolidated Buy Number 25finance.yahoo.com - July 13 at 3:17 AMSysorex Global (INPX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 12 at 10:16 PMToday's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Inpixon and Marinus Pharmaceuticalsfinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 7:59 PMInpixon Completes $6,000,000 Underwritten Public Offeringfinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 7:59 PMInpixon Prices $6,000,000 Underwritten Public Offeringfinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 12:14 AMInpixon Gains Channel Partner Momentum with Indoor Positioning Analytics and Security Offeringfinance.yahoo.com - June 30 at 12:14 AMInpixon Launches Underwritten Public Offeringfinance.yahoo.com - June 28 at 7:25 PMInpixon Announces Webinar with Leading Expert to Address Internet of Things Security Risks and Best Practicesfinance.yahoo.com - June 19 at 12:22 PMInpixon Selected by Finance Factors to Protect Consumer Data and Privacyfinance.yahoo.com - June 12 at 6:33 PMInpixon :INPX-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 24 at 11:31 AMB. Riley Lowers Inpixon (INPX) to Neutralwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 17 at 9:44 PMInpixon (INPX) Stock Rating Lowered by B. Rileywww.americanbankingnews.com - May 13 at 11:32 AMB. Riley Downgrades Inpixon (INPX) to Neutral, "Multiple Vendors And Distributors Restrict Access To Credit"www.streetinsider.com - May 12 at 6:37 PMMid-Afternoon Market Update: Inpixon Drops Following Q1 Results; Technical Communications Shares Spike Higherfeeds.benzinga.com - May 12 at 3:52 PMInpixon's (INPX) Buy Rating Reiterated at B. Rileywww.americanbankingnews.com - May 12 at 3:30 PMInpixon EPS of -$2.03seekingalpha.com - May 11 at 6:33 PMInpixon Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 and Provides Corporate Updatefinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 6:33 PMInpixon Presenting at 2017 STORE Retail Conferencefinance.yahoo.com - May 9 at 12:24 PMInpixon to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provide Company Update on Thursday, May 11, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 5:34 PMInpixon Announces Purchase Order From Leading Health Insurerfinance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 5:34 PMInpixon :INPX-US: Earnings Analysis: Q4, 2016 By the Numbers : April 27, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 27 at 6:29 PMInpixon (INPX) Receives "Buy" Rating from B. Rileywww.americanbankingnews.com - April 23 at 3:16 PMB. Riley Comments on Inpixon's Q1 2017 Earnings (INPX)www.americanbankingnews.com - April 21 at 8:05 AMZacks.com featured highlights: Mateon Therapeutics, Emerge Energy Services, Cobalt International Energy and Inpixonfinance.yahoo.com - April 19 at 11:23 AMInpixon's (INPX) CEO Nadir Ali on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - April 18 at 11:01 AMInpixon (INPX) Secures Contract Renewal with FBIwww.streetinsider.com - April 18 at 11:01 AM4 Breakout Stocks Offering Amazing Returnsfinance.yahoo.com - April 18 at 11:01 AMFBI Renews Contract with Inpixon Federalfinance.yahoo.com - April 18 at 11:01 AMInpixon Reports Fourth Quarter and 2016 Financial Results And Provides Corporate Updatefinance.yahoo.com - April 17 at 5:19 PMInpixon to Announce 2016 Fiscal Year End Financial Results and Provide Company Update on Monday, April 17, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 13 at 10:05 AMInpixon Announces Appointment of Zaman Khan as President of Inpixon Federal - Yahoo Financefinance.yahoo.com - April 11 at 11:52 AMInpixon Announces Appointment of Zaman Khan as President of Inpixon Federalfinance.yahoo.com - April 11 at 11:52 AMB. Riley Reaffirms "Buy" Rating for Inpixon (INPX)www.americanbankingnews.com - April 9 at 11:50 AMInpixon (INPX) Rating Reiterated by B. Rileywww.americanbankingnews.com - April 8 at 9:53 PMInpixon (INPX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 6 at 11:37 PMEquities Analysts Offer Predictions for Inpixon's Q1 2017 Earnings (INPX)www.americanbankingnews.com - April 6 at 1:37 PMInpixon (INPX) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 3 at 9:26 AMZacks Investment Research Lowers Inpixon (INPX) to Sellwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 1 at 3:30 PMInpixon +9.7% on Army contract extensionseekingalpha.com - March 29 at 6:29 PMInpixon (INPX) Secures Contract Extension with U.S. Armywww.streetinsider.com - March 29 at 6:29 PM9:30 am Inpixon announces that the Army Contracting Command was renewed for its second ordering period; co will continue to perform on the current task order with a Firm Fixed Price amount of $1.9 mlnus.rd.yahoo.com - March 29 at 6:29 PMInpixon (INPX) Secures Contract Extension with US Army - StreetInsider.comwww.streetinsider.com - March 29 at 10:33 AMU.S. Army Extends Contract with Inpixonfinance.yahoo.com - March 29 at 10:33 AMInpixon (NASDAQ: INPX): At the Intersection of IoT and Big Datafinance.yahoo.com - March 24 at 9:40 AMZacks: Analysts Set $26.24 Price Target for Inpixon (INPX)www.americanbankingnews.com - March 22 at 10:26 AMInpixon (INPX) Regains Compliance with NASDAQ Minimum Bid Price Listing Rulewww.streetinsider.com - March 18 at 9:53 AM


Social





Chart
Sysorex Global (INPX) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff

















































Sysorex Global - IPO Candy






































 Skip to primary navigation Skip to content 



BecomeaMember





 


IPO CandyEveryone's favorite site for IPO insights and analysis.Main navigationHome » Sysorex GlobalSysorex Global
01/20/2016 by   Sysorex Global, through its subsidiaries, provides data analytics and location based solutions and services to commercial and government customers worldwide. It operates through four segments: IT Commercial, IT Government, eSolutions, and Location-Based Technology. The IT Commercial segment provides enterprise computing and storage, Big Data products and services, virtualization, business continuity, networking and information technology business consulting services, and other related products and services. The IT Government segment offers information technology and telecommunications solutions and services primarily to government agencies. These include systems integration and consulting, such as custom application/software design, architecture and development, data center design and operation, command control, computer communication, intelligence system consulting, program management, and security solutions and other related products and services primarily to government agencies. The eSolutions segment offers Internet based hosting eServices to its customers by providing cloud-based data analytics and enterprise solutions to the media, publishing, and entertainment industries. The Location-Based Technology segment provides mobile security and analytics platform for wireless and cellular devices that detects, monitors, and manages the content and behavior of smartphones, tablets, laptops, and other mobile devices based on their location and user. The company was formerly known as Sysorex Global Holdings Corp and changed its name to Sysorex Global in January 2016. Sysorex Global is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.
 


Sysorex Global


Sysorex Global, through its subsidiaries, provides data analytics and location based solutions and services to commercial and government customers worldwide. It operates through four segments: IT Commercial, IT Government, eSolutions, and Location-Based Technology. The IT Commercial segment provides enterprise computing and storage, Big Data products and services, virtualization, business continuity, networking and information technology business consulting services, and other related products and services. The IT Government segment offers information technology and telecommunications solutions and services primarily to government agencies. These include systems integration and consulting, such as custom application/software design, architecture and development, data center design and operation, command control, computer communication, intelligence system consulting, program management, and security solutions and other related products and services primarily to government agencies. The eSolutions segment offers Internet based hosting eServices to its customers by providing cloud-based data analytics and enterprise solutions to the media, publishing, and entertainment industries. The Location-Based Technology segment provides mobile security and analytics platform for wireless and cellular devices that detects, monitors, and manages the content and behavior of smartphones, tablets, laptops, and other mobile devices based on their location and user. The company was formerly known as Sysorex Global Holdings Corp and changed its name to Sysorex Global in January 2016. Sysorex Global is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.

Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn




Sysorex Global<p>Sysorex Global, through its subsidiaries, provides data analytics and location based solutions and services to commercial and government customers worldwide. It operates through four segments: IT Commercial, IT Government, eSolutions, and Location-Based Technology. The IT Commercial segment provides enterprise computing and storage, Big Data products and services, virtualization, business continuity, networking and information technology business consulting services, and other related products and services. The IT Government segment offers information technology and telecommunications solutions and services primarily to government agencies. These include systems integration and consulting, such as custom application/software design, architecture and development, data center design and operation, command control, computer communication, intelligence system consulting, program management, and security solutions and other related products and services primarily to government agencies. The eSolutions segment offers Internet based hosting eServices to its customers by providing cloud-based data analytics and enterprise solutions to the media, publishing, and entertainment industries. The Location-Based Technology segment provides mobile security and analytics platform for wireless and cellular devices that detects, monitors, and manages the content and behavior of smartphones, tablets, laptops, and other mobile devices based on their location and user. The company was formerly known as Sysorex Global Holdings Corp and changed its name to Sysorex Global in January 2016. Sysorex Global is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.</p>
CAUnited StatesPhone: 408-702-2167




SYRX


                IT services
            

Documents
Roadshow



Main CategoryTechnology
CategoriesServices


Contact


        http://www.sysorex.com
    
408-702-2167
    








Address2479 East Bayshore Road, Suite 195, Palo Alto, California, 94303, United States
            





 









We love IPOs
The IPO market provides a magical window into the most exciting technologies, emerging consumer trends and important business developments - all testing their mettle in the crucible of the public markets. We are constantly learning and researching to deliver the best insights available.










We are independent
We have no vested interests driving our work. All the investment banks and brokers on a deal are paid to do a sales and marketing job. Our job is to remain objective and use a fact-based approach to evaluate the potential for an IPO.










We get the best ratings
IPO Candy has been recognized since 2009 as the single best place to get commentary, analysis and assets in the IPO market. The most common write-in comment we get from users is that they "love what we do."










We share everything we know
With three decades of research under our belt we want to share what we have learned and the best practices we have discovered. Our IPO University contains texts, videos and resources to share our process and help everyone develop their skills.






Become an IPOCandy Member
Enjoy the benefits of full access to our content including access to IPO roadshow slideshows and transcripts included in our posts. Members also get additional insights via email, receive our monthly Candygram and have access to our IPO calendar.
Become a Member



















Sysorex Global - INPX - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
0.60


Day Low
0.57


Day High
0.62


52 Wk Low
0.55


52 Wk High
11.08


Avg. Volume
1,182,287


Market Cap
1.54 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
1.44





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
-1.56


Current Qtr Est
-1.56


Current Yr Est
-6.30


Exp Earnings Date
8/10/17


Prior Year EPS
-8.03


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA













Business Services » Technology Services





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Reports for INPX

 
 

All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for INPX





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Bottom 29%(189 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 25% (12  out of 16) 



Style Scores

F Value | B Growth | B Momentum | C VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Reports for INPX

Analyst | Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Sysorex Global
INPX



EDENRED
EDNMY



CPI Card Group Inc.
PMTS



DIGILITI MONEY
DGLT



EVERSPIN TECH
MRAM



EnerNOC, Inc.
ENOC



IMAGINATION TEC
IGNMF




See all Technology Services Peers


 




Zacks News for INPX

4 Breakout Stocks Offering Amazing Returns
04/18/17-6:47AM EST  Zacks

INPX: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services




Company Summary
Inpixon provides Indoor Positioning and Data Analytics. The company sensors are designed to find all accessible cellular, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth devices anonymously. Its products, infrastructure solutions, and professional services group help customers take advantage of mobile, big data, analytics and the Internet of Things to uncover the untold stories of the indoors. Inpixon, formerly known as Sysorex Global, is based in Glendora, United States.   





 










 

	Sysorex Global Holding Corp.  - NetDania - Full Quote








































































Continue to NetDania































Sign in














x
Visit our new Mobile Website next time you access NetDania with your mobile device








































Home
Products





Web Applications



NetStation

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



Five Star ChartNEW

Highlights
Roles
Purchase



QuoteList

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



FinanceChart

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



FullQuoteNEW


ChartStation

Application
Features
Support
Downloads
Pricing
Get Trial



News


Alerts

Application








Server Applications



XML Data Service

Application
Pricing
Get Trial



Client API

Application
Pricing
Get Trial



Server API

Application
Pricing
Get Trial








Mobile Applications



Mobile App - iOS (Apple)

Application



Mobile App - Android

Application



Mobile App-BlackBerry

Application








Feeds



Interbank FX FeedNEW







Forex

Stocks
Charts

News


Directory

Calendar
Support

References

References
Partners
Contact Us



Contact Us

Contact Us
NetDania
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms And Conditions



Your account
Alert Central




















Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 













0.24


28-20:59:47 GMT




+0


+1.47%




                Today's Range

0.29
                 - 0.22




START TRADING NOW
your capital is at risk





ISIN:US87184N2036







Figures - Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 

Open

0.24

Close

0.23

Year Change

-3.69

Year % Change

-3.69%

52 Week High

0.74

52 Week Low

0.16


Volume

3270222

Inc. Vol

1147





News - Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 









28-22:31 GMT


Help Your Kids Love Math And Science, Even If You Don't

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:29 GMT


How Do You Solve A Problem Like 'Stream-Sniping' In PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds?

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:17 GMT


With New Rolls-Royce Phantom, You Can Commission Everything, Even A Work Of Art On The Dashboard

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:14 GMT


Filipino Startups Answer The Call Back Home, Raise Funds For Victims Displaced By Fighting In Marawi

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:14 GMT


Awkward Meeting Bingo

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:07 GMT


Adobe Flash Should Be Celebrated, Not Derided

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:07 GMT


4 Money Management Tips For Freelancers

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:06 GMT


8 Ways You Can Succeed In A Machine Learning Career

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-22:02 GMT


The Most and Least Educated American Cities in 2017

Source: Forbes World, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 




28-21:30 GMT


Trump to police: 'Don't be too nice'

Source: BBC US-Canada, Symbol: Sysorex Global Holding Corp. 





Sign in to receive realtime news


More Sysorex Global Holding Corp.  news






























Five Star Chart


FinanceChart


ChartStation


NetStation


Image Chart




Five Star Chart
  – Build your favorite menu, 100+ studies, for mobile and desktop








ImageChart
FiveStarChart
FinanceChart
ChartStation


































            Share on
            



















Tweet























Top Brokers







Global

Forex





                        Dow Jones(CFD)

                    21822.00

                    34.9

                    0.16%




                        S&P 500(CFD)

                    2471.70

                    -1.47

                    -0.06%




                        Nasdaq 100(CFD)

                    5908.50

                    7.8

                    0.13%




                        DAX 30(CFD)

                    12172.45

                    -16.6

                    -0.14%




                        Nikkei 225(CFD)

                    19963.50

                    -70

                    -0.35%




                        Shanghai SE

                    3253.24

                    3.46

                    0.11%




                        FTSE 100(CFD)

                    7368.00

                    -58

                    -0.78%




                        Hong Kong(CFD)

                    27000.00

                    -110

                    -0.41%




                        ASX 200(CFD)

                    5709.00

                    -50

                    -0.87%




                        Nifty 50

                    10014.50

                    -6.05

                    -0.06%




                        Gold

                    1269.38

                    9.24

                    0.73%




                        UKOil

                    52.60

                    1.02

                    1.98%




                        EUR/USD

                    1.17454

                    0.0056

                    0.48%




                        USD/JPY

                    110.591

                    -0.499

                    -0.45%




                        GBP/USD

                    1.31204

                    0.0045

                    0.34%




                        AUD/USD

                    0.79807

                    0.0007

                    0.09%




                        USD/CAD

                    1.24164

                    -0.0123

                    -0.98%




                        EUR/JPY

                    130.00800

                    0.146

                    0.11%




                        EUR/GBP

                    0.89186

                    -0.0021

                    -0.23%




                        GBP/JPY

                    145.27900

                    0.028

                    0.02%




                        USD/CHF

                    0.96669

                    0.0029

                    0.30%




                        EUR/CHF

                    1.13720

                    0.0106

                    0.94%




                        NZD/USD

                    0.75036

                    0.0002

                    0.02%




                        US-Dollar Index

                    93.33700

                    -0.575

                    -0.61%



More
More





Open An Account
your capital is at risk

















             Top Gainers
            
        














Name
Last
+/-
%




                    CytRx Corporati...


                0.82
            

                0.25
            

                43.61%
                






                    Kitov Pharamceu...


                0.70
            

                0.18
            

                35.19%
                






                    ArcBest Corpora...


                26.95
            

                5.45
            

                25.35%
                






                    NOVAN  INC. - C...


                5.31
            

                1.05
            

                24.65%
                






                    FORUM MERGER CO...


                0.47
            

                0.09
            

                23.66%
                






                    Zion Oil & Gas ...


                4.22
            

                0.79
            

                23.03%
                






                    RENNOVA HEALTH ...


                0.04
            

                0.01
            

                21.21%
                






                    LeMaitre Vascul...


                33.94
            

                5.54
            

                19.51%
                






                    iRadimed Corpor...


                9.80
            

                1.40
            

                16.67%
                






                    SOLENO THERAPEU...


                0.14
            

                0.02
            

                16.42%
                



















             Top Losers
            
        














Name
Last
+/-
%




                    Destination Mat...


                1.71
            

                -1.25
            

                -42.21%
                






                    CyberOptics Cor...


                17.25
            

                -6.40
            

                -27.06%
                






                    MicroStrategy I...


                139.99
            

                -49.19
            

                -26.00%
                






                    Meta Financial ...


                71.85
            

                -20.40
            

                -22.11%
                






                    ENDRA LIFE SCI ...


                0.50
            

                -0.14
            

                -21.88%
                






                    Echo Global Log...


                13.85
            

                -3.50
            

                -20.17%
                






                    Check-Cap Ltd.


                0.56
            

                -0.12
            

                -17.25%
                






                    ORIGO ACQUISITI...


                0.35
            

                -0.07
            

                -16.41%
                






                    NOVUS THERAPEUT...


                4.11
            

                -0.77
            

                -15.78%
                






                    BOJANGLES INC U...


                13.30
            

                -2.35
            

                -15.02%
                




















Get NetDania Mobile











Available for Demo & Live Trading

View the Supported Brokers








Products
Markets
Contact Us
Support
References
About Us







                NetDania does not guarantee the accuracy of data contained on this website, nor do we guarantee that data is real-time. Data on this website may be provided from OTC market sources and market makers, and not necessarily from exchanges. The provided price data is indicative and may not be appropriate for trading or decision making purposes. NetDania does not assume any responsibility for any losses incurred from the use of the provided data. 
                
                NetDania does not endorse or promote any broker or financial service. NetDania is a pure technology provider offering its software with broker integration. Any user of NetDania software must be an existing client of one of our supported brokers. NetDania showcases NetDania technology for the purpose of demonstrating it towards brokers and other institutions looking to white label the technology on a software subscription contract. No financial services are offered, promoted or recommended. NetDania is compensated as a technology provider by its institutional clients including its integrated brokers. It is the sole responsibility of any recipient employing or requesting an offering to comply with all applicable legislation or regulation affecting it.
                

                Persons or entities including approved brokers not belonging to the NetDania Group may advertise on the NetDania and its Group’s websites, through links, banners or otherwise. We have not taken any steps to verify the accuracy, quality or reliability of any products, information or services provided by third parties that have links on our website. We accordingly provide no warranties with regard to and disclaim responsibility for any such products, information or services and exclude all liability in this regard to the fullest extent permitted by relevant laws and regulations. If a user of the NetDania Group’s websites decides to act upon any such advertising, such user does so entirely at its own risk.
                

                NetDania’s website may be accessed worldwide. The Information provided on its website is however only intended for use by recipients located in countries where such use does not constitute a violation of applicable legislation or regulations. None of the offerings services referred to on this website are available to recipients residing in countries where the provision of such offerings would constitute a violation of mandatory applicable legislation or regulations. It is the sole responsibility of any recipient employing or requesting an offering to comply with all applicable legislation or regulation.
                

HIGH RISK INVESTMENT WARNING:

                End-users of the NetDania software that make use of the trading integration features as direct clients of integrated brokers, should be aware of the level of risk carried by trading in financial markets. Trading foreign exchange and or other financial instruments on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to invest you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or more of your initial investment, and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with trading, and seek advice from your broker and or an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. Anyone opening a live trading account needs to adhere to the laws of their local country as such laws may differ from country to country.                
                
                NetDania expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits which without limitation may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on information on our website or the use of our software with broker integration.
            





                Copyright © 1998 -2017
 NetDania Creations ApS, Kronprinsessegade 36, 1st floor DK-1306 Copenhagen K, Denmark, +4536980409, , CVR-nr.27976670
Terms And Conditions and Privacy Policy










                        
                        The NetDania website uses cookies and by continuing below you consent to this. You can 
                            find out more here.


  Continue




































































































Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. Completes Acquisition of AirPatrol Corporation | Sysorex






















































































PartnersGovernment ContractsLogin















ProductsAirPatrolLightMinerShoomServicesProfessional ServicesEngineering & Data ScienceCommunity HubSolutionsCorrectionsGovernmentHealthcareRetail PropertiesSafety & SecuritySupportCompanyManagementBoard of DirectorsInvestorsNews & EventsBlogCareersContact Us






















Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. Completes Acquisition of AirPatrol Corporation 

SANTA CLARA, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:SYRX) (“Sysorex”), an emerging growth technology company, today announced that it has completed the acquisition of AirPatrol Corporation (“AirPatrol”), a developer of location-based cybersecurity and commercial services systems for mobile devices, for $30 million consisting of $10 million of common stock, $10 million in cash (before working capital adjustments), plus an earn-out of up to $10 million in cash and stock based on AirPatrol achieving certain profitability levels. Based in Maple Lawn, Maryland, AirPatrol has 4 U.S. and 11 foreign patent applications pending for its location, security and context awareness systems that can detect and locate smartphones, tablets, laptops and other mobile devices. AirPatrol has become a subsidiary of Sysorex and will retain its management and operations.
AirPatrol is the third acquisition for Sysorex since the beginning of 2013 and further solidifies its position as an intellectual property based company delivering technology solutions. In May, 2013 Sysorex acquired Lilien Systems, an enterprise IT infrastructure and solutions provider based in Larkspur, California. In August, 2013, Sysorex acquired Shoom, Inc., a developer of cloud-based data analytics and enterprise solutions.
“The addition of AirPatrol to the Sysorex group of companies allows for the integrated development of comprehensive solutions that combine three of the highest growth sectors in technology, Big Data, cybersecurity and mobile computing,” said Sysorex CEO, Nadir Ali. “We believe the synergy between AirPatrol and our other companies will help solidify Sysorex’s position as a leading technology developer and provider in our industry segment,” he continued.
“We are excited to see this transaction come to a close with the Sysorex team. We believe that our location-based services and security platforms will add significant mobile and cybersecurity expertise to the Sysorex group of companies,” said Cleve Adams, CEO of AirPatrol. “We are also eager to leverage Sysorex’s Big Data, advanced analytics, and cloud infrastructure capabilities to enhance our product suite,” he added.
About Sysorex Global Holdings
Through focused, custom technology solutions, Sysorex (NASDAQ:SYRX) provides cyber security, data analytics, custom application development, cloud solutions, Mobile/BYOD solutions and strategic outsourcing to government and commercial clients in major industries around the world. From identifying security risks to helping clients realize value from their big data strategies, Sysorex has the experience, technology, partners, and agility to be your trusted IT partner. Visit www.sysorex.com, follow @SysorexGlobal and Like us on Facebook.
About AirPatrol Corporation
AirPatrol is a developer of mobile device identification and locationing systems. Its flagship product, ZoneDefense, is a security platform for wireless and cellular networks that can detect, monitor and manage the behavior of smartphones, tablets, laptops and other mobile devices based on their location. AirPatrol also offers a business-to-consumer platform called ZoneAware that allows retailers, resort owners, consumer firms and others to deliver custom content and services based on a mobile device’s location. Headquartered near Washington, DC, AirPatrol has regional offices in San Diego, California, Vancouver, Canada, Sydney, Australia and Sao Paulo, Brazil. AirPatrol customers include numerous government and military agencies and large enterprises around the globe. For more information on AirPatrol Corporation and its products, call 410-290-3446, email: ledwards@airpatrolcorp.com or visit airpatrolcorp.com.
Safe Harbor Statement
All statements in this release that are not based on historical fact are “forward looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. . While management has based any forward looking statements included in this release on its current expectations, the information on which such expectations were based may change. These forward looking statements rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, which could cause actual results to materially differ from such statements. Such risks, uncertainties, and other factors include, but are not limited to, the fluctuation of global economic conditions, the performance of management and our employees, our ability to obtain financing, competition, general economic conditions and other factors that are to be detailed in our periodic and current reports available for review at www.sec.gov. Furthermore, we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment where new and unanticipated risks may arise. Accordingly, investors should not place any reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. We disclaim any intention to, and undertake no obligation to, update or revise forward-looking statements.


Contacts
Sysorex Investor Relations
CorProminence LLC
Scott Gordon, +1 631-703-4900
President
www.corprominence.com


By Sysorex|

			2014-04-21T13:17:10+00:00		
April 21st, 2014|Categories: News|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
FacebookTwitterLinkedinRedditGoogle+Email 

About the Author: 						Sysorex  

 

								The master account for Sysorex - any and all happenings. Have a question? Email marketing@sysorex.com.							



Related Posts









Permalink



					Sysorex Announces Favorable Decision from the Nasdaq Hearings Panel				












Permalink



					Sysorex Named to 2017 CRN MSP Elite 150 List				












Permalink



					Sysorex Appoints Soumya Das as Chief Marketing Officer				












Permalink



					Sysorex Launches 3-Part “Freethinkers of the Retail World” Webinar Series				












Permalink



					Sysorex Announces Pricing of $2.0 Million Registered Direct Offering				
















 
 

 
 
 
 

























Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. | Sysorex
































































PartnersGovernment ContractsLogin















ProductsAirPatrolLightMinerShoomServicesProfessional ServicesEngineering & Data ScienceCommunity HubSolutionsCorrectionsGovernmentHealthcareRetail PropertiesSafety & SecuritySupportCompanyManagementBoard of DirectorsInvestorsNews & EventsBlogCareersContact Us




















AirPatrol Corp Lands Top Honors in 2014 Tech AwardsMobile device locationing and cyber security firm bests dozens of others to be named “Superstar Company of the Year” at the 2014 Tech Awards
MAPLE LAWN, MD May 27, 2014 – AirPatrol Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sysorex Global Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ:SYRX), today announced it has been named “Superstar Company of the Year” by the Howard Tech Council (HTC), a Washington, D.C.-area organization that works in conjunction with the State of Maryland’s Center for Entrepreneurship and the Howard County Economic Development Authority to foster and advance technology firms in the state’s self-styled “Cyber and Technology Center” just north of the nation’s capital. AirPatrol, which develops systems that provide mobile device security and services based on where a smartphone or tablet is located, beat out numerous other competitors to be recognized as one of the region’s leaders in technological innovation.
“We believe the company’s continued success will help to deliver new jobs in the region and support our efforts to be the center of cyber security in Maryland.”
“This award is a tremendous honor,” said AirPatrol CEO, Cleve Adams. “This region is a hotbed for new technology and innovation, and some of the things our fellow companies are doing are truly amazing. Knowing that, it makes being named ‘Superstar of the Year’ all the more special,” he said.
AirPatrol’s passion for technology, especially mobile technology, is felt strongly around its headquarters […]
By Sysorex News Desk|

			2014-05-27T10:05:51+00:00		
May 27th, 2014|Categories: Mobile|Tags: airpatrol, AirPatrol Corporation, award-winning mobile company, disruptive, howard county tech, HTC Awards, mobile technology, Sysorex Global Holdings Corp.|0 CommentsRead More

 
 

 
 
 
 

















