




Hedge Funds: 
  Systematica Investments Limited











Hedge Funds
Public Info on a Private Industry




Funds
Books
Contact





Systematica Investments Limited





Read About Hedge Funds








Key Facts

Websitehttp://www.systematica.com
HeadquartersSt Helier, Jersey
AUM$9.6 billion
AUM as ofMarch 30, 2016
Clients27











Overview
  Systematica Investments Limited is a hedge fund based in St Helier, Jersey.
   It was founded in 11/2014.
  They hold $9.6 billion in assets under management as of March 30, 2016.
  Read their Plain English Brochure.

Sub Funds and Performance


NameAUM (bn)
Type
Min Investment
Num Clients
Internal $ %
Fund of Funds $ %
Prime Brokers


Sema Limited 0.348
hedge fund
1,000,000
4
1.0

JP Morgan


Systematica Alternative Markets Master Fund Limited 0.614
hedge fund
1,000,000
20
20.0
17.0
JP Morgan


Systematica Bluematrix Master Fund Limited 0.799
hedge fund
1,000,000
67
22.0
46.0
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited, JP Morgan, J.P. Morgan Markets Limited, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley & Co. International Plc


Systematica Bluetrend 2X Leveraged Master Fund Limited 0.078
hedge fund
1,000,000
13
85.0

JP Morgan, JP Morgan


Systematica Bluetrend Master Fund Limited 5.176
hedge fund
1,000,000
329
1.0
16.0
JP Morgan, JP Morgan


Systematica Synergy Fund L.P. 0.067
hedge fund
1,000,000
3
1.0




Systematica Synergy Fund Limited 0.253
hedge fund
1,000,000
28
1.0






Key People


NameTitlePositionOwnership


 Leda BragaBoard Member, Chief Executive Officer
Owner or Officer50-75%


 Jean-Marie CoyrasChief Compliance Officer
Owner or OfficerNone


 Benjamin DixonBoard Member
Owner or OfficerNone


 Michael PlattNone
Indirect Owner25 to 50%


 Paul RouseBoard Member, Chief Financial Officer
Owner or OfficerNone












    Copyright © 2016 Track Hedge Funds.  
    
      
      Login

















 


 





Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. (549300FM71O1JOJRVR11) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.
      




Lei 549300FM71O1JOJRVR11
Legal Form LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
Registered Address C/O Maples Fiduciary Services (Delaware) Inc., 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, Wilmington, US-DE 19807
Headquarter Address C/O The Corporation Trust Company, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, US-DE 19801
Legal Jurisdiction US
Other Names BlueCrest Managed Futures Fund L.P. (Other Legal), Systematica Alternative Markets Fund LP (Other Legal)
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2014-11-18 01:44:52 UTC
Record Last Update 2017-04-26 02:21:30 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2018-03-29 09:47:13 UTC
Status Code ISSUED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 27 2017,  9.11AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×












Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. - Alumni, Associates, Insider Transactions, Salary and Compensation Updates - Equilar Atlas 












 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. alumni and associates. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. alumni and associates.
												FOLLOW changes in Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. alumni and associates employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. alumni and associates through your network of contacts.
												







Trustees and Associates (0)








															Stay current on Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. trustees and associates »
															


 







Vincent Dodd
Employee @ Systematica Trend ERISA Fund Ltd


View Full Profile









Linburgh Martin
Director of General Partner @ Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.


View Full Profile









David DeRosa
Employee @ Systematica Trend ERISA Fund Ltd


View Full Profile









Keith Walton
Employee @ Systematica Trend ERISA Fund Ltd


View Full Profile









Leda Braga
Employee @ Systematica Trend ERISA Fund Ltd


View Full Profile












Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.





















			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






























Systematica Investments | Contact Us

























We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.

Continue
Find out More








Client Login









Contact Us
Systematica Investments has a global presence with offices in Jersey, Geneva, London, New York and Singapore.

 

Jersey
29 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey, JE2 3QA
T: +44 1534 841090 

 

London
6th Floor, Equitable House, 47 King William Street, London, EC4R 9AF, United Kingdom
T: +44 (0) 203 180 5700



 

Geneva
6th Floor, Rue Vallin 2, CH 1201 Geneva, Switzerland
T: +41 (0) 22 583 5700

 

New York
650 Fifth Ave New York, NY 10019, USA
T: +1 646 927 5300




 

Singapore
Winsland House, 3 Killiney Road, #07-04A, Singapore 239519







Home
About Us

Firm Overview
Mission & Core Values
Investment Philosophy
Management Team
Investment Team

Awards
UCITS
Careers
Contact Us


 






DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.





DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.


I Agree I Don't Agree




DISCLOSURE
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and
	regulatory investigations into research and analysts practices, Deutsche Bank
	Securities Inc. ("DBSI") reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and
	Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York
	Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and with other state regulators
	arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms of
	the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million.
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the New Jersey Department of Securities and the New York Attorney
	General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and
	state common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and
	auction rate securities (together, "ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI
	was required to, among other things, offer to buy back ARS purchased by certain
	customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured by ARS
	and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection
	with the settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders
	against DBSI.

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
On December 6, 2016, a final judgment (“Judgment”) was entered against Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. (“Stifel Nicolaus”) by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Civil Action No. 2:11-cv-00755) resolving a civil lawsuit filed by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in 2011 involving violations of several antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with the sale of synthetic collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) to five Wisconsin school districts in 2006.
As a result of the Order:
- Stifel is required to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act; and
- Stifel and David Noack, a former employee, are jointly liable to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $2.44 million. Stifel was also required to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The Judgment also required Stifel to distribute $12.5 million of the ordered disgorgement and civil penalty to the school districts involved in this matter.
Simultaneously with the entry of the Judgment, the SEC issued an order granting Stifel waivers from the application of the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(iv) of Regulation D and Rule 262(b)(2) of Regulation A under the Securities Act (the “Securities Act Waivers”) and a no-action letter granting relief from the disqualification provisions of Rule 206(4)-3 under the Advisers Act (the “Advisers Act Waiver”). The SEC also exempted Choice Financial Partners, Inc., 1919 Investment Counsel, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (“Stifel Affiliates”) from section 9(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act Exemption”) through the issuance of a temporary order. Unless the SEC orders a hearing, a permanent order will be issued in 2017 and will be posted to the SEC’s EDGAR database.
Copies of the Judgment, Securities Act Waiver, Advisers Act Waiver and ’40 Act Exemption are available on the SEC’s website:
- Judgment: https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2016/lr23700-final-judgment.pdf
- Advisers Act Waiver: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2016/stifelnicolaus-120616-206(4).htm
- Securities Act Waivers: https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2016/33-10263.pdf
- Investment Company Act Exemption: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/948905/999999999716027528/filename1.pdf





COOKIES POLICY
This website uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer or other device to improve your experience. Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure the marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. 
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
This page describes what information the cookies gather, how we use that information and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored; however, preventing the cookies from being stored may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
THE TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
There are generally two types of cookies that we use: “Performance” and “Functionality”. The following is a brief description of each cookie category.
1. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the website, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in. We also use cookies to track aggregate website usage and experiment with new features and changes on the website. The information collected is used to improve how the website works.
2. Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, whether you made an edit to an article on the website while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of website tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you have customized the website in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:



Cookie Type
Name
Purpose


Functionality
disclaimer_agreed
To suppress the Disclaimer after users have dismissed it.


Functionality
Cookies_saw
To suppress the cookies notification ribbon after users have dismissed it 


Functionality
Notification
To suppress notification pop-up from reappearing on the landing page.


DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we may test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
MORE INFORMATION
For more information please contact us through our preferred contact method.
Email: website.management@systematica.com











 




















Careers | Systematica Investments

























We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.

Continue
Find out More








Client Login








Opportunities at Systematica
Systematica operates an intellectual,  diverse and collaborative culture where everything we do is investor driven, within a flat, delivery focussed organisation.

Office Administrator
London

Reports to:                                          Group Office Manager
 
Purpose of Role
You will provide a resourceful and professional office administration service within our London flagship office to colleagues, clients, and other guests alike.
 
Primary Duties

Oversee the meeting room diary and ensure that they are presentable for all internal or external meetings;
Ensure that the staff kitchen and stationary cupboard remains adequately stocked at all times;
Welcome all guests to the office, whilst ensuring that they have everything that they need during their visit, such as refreshments and/or any IT requirements;
Make travel arrangements for London-based colleagues as and when needed;
Provide administration support to Investor Relations, Compliance, Legal, or Client Service;
Keep the public areas highly presentable at all times – either taking immediate remedial action or reporting any issues to management company;
Report any faults or business-effecting issues to the management company;
Liaising with suppliers and oversee stock levels for colleague and guest refreshments, ensuring that stock items are kept available at all times;
Maintain the accident at work register and be the appointed First Aid representative;
Ensure that the Company is reaching any legal requirements in terms of health and safety;
Assist with office expenses; and
Arranging out-going mail or parcels, and sorting incoming mail or parcels for distribution;
Provide ad-hoc HR support to the Head of Human Resources in the absence of the HR Administrator;
Support the Group Office Manager in any specific projects, such as the annual offsite employee meeting;
Arrange desk requirements for new starters; and
Provide general office administration as and when required.

 
General

Any other duties commensurate with the post holder’s position and seniority; and
All employees should understand that it is their personal responsibility to comply with all organisational, statutory and regulatory policies and procedures.

 
Experience, Knowledge & Skills

Previous experience in a fast-paced office environment – exposure to the financial services industry would be preferred but is not essential;
Strong organisational skills, coupled with an efficient and pro-active mentality;
Fluent in English with excellent business writing skills; and
Computer literate – especially in Outlook, Excel, and Word.

 
Key Internal Relationships
The individual will be expected to liaise and/or consult with the following personnel in order for them to fulfil the requirements of their role:

Group Office Manager;
Deputy Chief Operating Officer;
HR team;
Investor Relations and Client Service teams; and
Chief Executive Officer and other members of the Executive Team.

 
Educational & Professional Qualifications

Educated to ‘A’ level (or equivalent) standard; and
A relevant administration, hospitality, or secretarial qualification would be preferred.

 

Apply Now





Home
About Us

Firm Overview
Mission & Core Values
Investment Philosophy
Management Team
Investment Team

Awards
UCITS
Careers

Job Vacancies
Graduate Program

Contact Us


 






DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.





DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.


I Agree I Don't Agree




DISCLOSURE
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and
	regulatory investigations into research and analysts practices, Deutsche Bank
	Securities Inc. ("DBSI") reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and
	Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York
	Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and with other state regulators
	arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms of
	the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million.
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the New Jersey Department of Securities and the New York Attorney
	General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and
	state common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and
	auction rate securities (together, "ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI
	was required to, among other things, offer to buy back ARS purchased by certain
	customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured by ARS
	and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection
	with the settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders
	against DBSI.

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
On December 6, 2016, a final judgment (“Judgment”) was entered against Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. (“Stifel Nicolaus”) by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Civil Action No. 2:11-cv-00755) resolving a civil lawsuit filed by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in 2011 involving violations of several antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with the sale of synthetic collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) to five Wisconsin school districts in 2006.
As a result of the Order:
- Stifel is required to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act; and
- Stifel and David Noack, a former employee, are jointly liable to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $2.44 million. Stifel was also required to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The Judgment also required Stifel to distribute $12.5 million of the ordered disgorgement and civil penalty to the school districts involved in this matter.
Simultaneously with the entry of the Judgment, the SEC issued an order granting Stifel waivers from the application of the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(iv) of Regulation D and Rule 262(b)(2) of Regulation A under the Securities Act (the “Securities Act Waivers”) and a no-action letter granting relief from the disqualification provisions of Rule 206(4)-3 under the Advisers Act (the “Advisers Act Waiver”). The SEC also exempted Choice Financial Partners, Inc., 1919 Investment Counsel, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (“Stifel Affiliates”) from section 9(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act Exemption”) through the issuance of a temporary order. Unless the SEC orders a hearing, a permanent order will be issued in 2017 and will be posted to the SEC’s EDGAR database.
Copies of the Judgment, Securities Act Waiver, Advisers Act Waiver and ’40 Act Exemption are available on the SEC’s website:
- Judgment: https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2016/lr23700-final-judgment.pdf
- Advisers Act Waiver: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2016/stifelnicolaus-120616-206(4).htm
- Securities Act Waivers: https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2016/33-10263.pdf
- Investment Company Act Exemption: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/948905/999999999716027528/filename1.pdf





COOKIES POLICY
This website uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer or other device to improve your experience. Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure the marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. 
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
This page describes what information the cookies gather, how we use that information and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored; however, preventing the cookies from being stored may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
THE TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
There are generally two types of cookies that we use: “Performance” and “Functionality”. The following is a brief description of each cookie category.
1. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the website, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in. We also use cookies to track aggregate website usage and experiment with new features and changes on the website. The information collected is used to improve how the website works.
2. Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, whether you made an edit to an article on the website while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of website tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you have customized the website in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:



Cookie Type
Name
Purpose


Functionality
disclaimer_agreed
To suppress the Disclaimer after users have dismissed it.


Functionality
Cookies_saw
To suppress the cookies notification ribbon after users have dismissed it 


Functionality
Notification
To suppress notification pop-up from reappearing on the landing page.


DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we may test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
MORE INFORMATION
For more information please contact us through our preferred contact method.
Email: website.management@systematica.com











 




Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd  Funding details


Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001697910Address: UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309  GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 914-670-3610



Latest news
Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd raised $22,547,942 from 3 investors on 2017-02-14.



Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-02-14New Form DIndefinite$22,547,942Indefinite$100,000306b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2017-02-14New Form DIndefinite$22,547,942Indefinite$100,000306b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd raised $22,547,942 in total.



Directors and Executives of Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd
Key People in Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd:

Leda BragaDavid DeRosaLinburgh MartinKeith Walton
Similar companiesSystematica BlueTrend Fund L.P., Systematica BlueMatrix Fund L.P., Systematica BlueTrend Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueMatrix Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueTrend 2x Leveraged Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueTrend 2x Leveraged Fund L.P., Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P., Systematica Synergy Fund L.P., Systematica Synergy Fund Ltd, Systematica Multi Fund L.P. - Systematica Diversified Trend, Systematica Multi Fund Ltd, Systematica Alternative Risk Premia Fund Ltd








Last visited companies: Conquest I L P, EVEREST CAPITAL EMERGING MARKETS (YEN) LTD., EVEREST CAPITAL GLOBAL LTD., Everest Capital Europe LP, FISCHER ENTERPRISE FUND, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
































Systematica Investments | About

























We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.

Continue
Find out More








Client Login









Firm Overview
Systematica Investments launched in January 2015 after a decade of experience within BlueCrest Capital Management, to focus on rigorously applying science and technology to the investment process. The firm was founded by Leda Braga and manages approximately $10.2bn (as at 1 March 2016) across a number of futures and equity based strategies. The philosophy of the firm is one of innovation, excellence in research and a commitment to fostering strong alignment with investors. Systematica Investments has a global presence with offices in Jersey, Geneva, London, New York and Singapore.




Our MissionTo create wealth by applying science and technology



Excellence
Innovation
Team Work
Pride
Fun




Team Culture & Investment Philosophy
The pursuit of excellence permeates all of Systematica’s activities
Collaborative working environment within and across all functional teams
Rigorous review by peers throughout the research and development cycle 
We aim to be systematic investors and avoid intervening with the model  - our interaction with the model is via the research process
Significant investment in technology  – our trend following strategy is currently running on the third generation of our proprietary trading platform
All aspects of the investment process and platform are subject to continuous research  and improvement


Management Team




Leda Braga
CEO
Former President and Head of Systematic Trading, BlueCrest. Leda joined BlueCrest from Cygnifi Derivatives  Services (a J.P. Morgan spin-off) in October 2001. At Cygnifi she formed part of the management team and was head of its Valuation Service. Prior to Cygnifi, Leda spent nearly seven years at J.P. Morgan as a Quantitative Analyst in the derivatives research team. Her past experience includes modelling of interest rate exotics, FX/interest rate hybrid instruments and equity derivatives. She holds a PhD in Engineering from Imperial College London, where she worked as a lecturer and led research projects for over three years prior to joining J.P. Morgan.





Matt Kilsby
Chief Operating Officer
Former Head of Systematic Implementation, BlueCrest. Matt joined BlueCrest in January 2013 having previously been at UBS where he was Managing Director, EMEA Head of Equities IT. Prior to his time at UBS, Matt held roles leading software development and business strategy, within a high frequency trading start-up firm. Previously he had spent four years at Citadel, holding various senior roles including Head of European Technology. Matt began his career at Goldman Sachs, where he spent ten years, in various technology roles covering risk, wealth management and fixed income trading. He has a BEng in Software Engineering from University of Manchester (UMIST).





Paul Rouse
Chief Financial Officer
Former Head of Product Control, BlueCrest. Paul joined BlueCrest in 2006. In 8 years he covered all functional areas and all funds within the BlueCrest Product Control function having previously been a Product Control manager at Goldman Sachs for 3 years focussing on equity derivatives trading. Paul trained as a Chartered Accountant at Ernst and Young within their Corporate Tax business, qualifying as an ACA in Jan 2004. He holds a BSc (Hons) in Marine Biology from Newcastle University.





David Kitson
Chief Investment Officer
Former Product Manager, BlueCrest. David joined BlueCrest in January 2011. Prior to BlueCrest, David was a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan where he worked from 1992 to 2010. He joined J.P. Morgan’s Quantitative Research Department after completing his PhD. David held many trading and management positions during his tenure at J.P. Morgan including: Head Trader Foreign Exchange Options, Head of Energy and Head Trader Fixed Income Hybrids. In 2007 he moved from trading management to focus his efforts solely on proprietary trading. David holds a PhD in Theoretical Physics from Manchester University.





Jean-Pierre Selvatico
Head of Trading and Counterparty Management
Former Head of Hedge Funds at Pictet Alternative Advisors, Jean-Pierre Selvatico joined Systematica in January 2017 as Head of Trading and Counterparty Management. Jean-Pierre worked for Pictet Alternative Advisors for 7 years where he acted as CIO of the hedge fund division, responsible for selecting and investing in external hedge funds across all strategies. Prior to joining Pictet, Jean-Pierre was a managing director at Barclays Capital in London in charge of the European interest rate option desk. He started his career in 1993 at JP Morgan London as a quantitative researcher and then moved to the interest rate swaps market-making desk. From 1997 to 2000 he managed the Dollar option desk for JP Morgan in New-York. Prior to joining Barclays Capital in 2004, he worked at Credit Suisse First Boston in London from 2002 to 2004.Jean-Pierre graduated from Ecole Polytechnique in Paris and later from Ecole Nationale de la Statistique et de l'Administration Economique (ENSAE).





Pawel Lewicki
Head of Research
Former Head of Systematic Research, BlueCrest. Pawel joined BlueCrest in January 2010 from Barclays Capital where, as a Managing Director, he acted as Global Head of Quantitative Analytics for three years. Prior to that, Pawel was a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan, where he worked for 12 years in the Derivatives Research and Strategy Group. Before starting his career in finance, Pawel led research work in statistical signal processing for Schlumberger in the US. Pawel has a PhD in Applied Mathematics from New York University's Courant Institute, with a specialisation in probability theory and random media. He holds a US patent in data analysis methods.





Ben Dixon
General Counsel
Former Legal Counsel, BlueCrest. Before joining Systematica, Ben previously worked for BlueCrest Capital for 9 years as Legal Counsel. He joined BlueCrest in 2005 from McDermott, Will & Emery, where he was an Associate Solicitor in the corporate department. He qualified as a solicitor in September 2003 with Allen & Overy in London, where he worked in the corporate and mergers & acquisitions department. Ben graduated from Queens' College, Cambridge University in 2000 and holds a BA (Hons) Law/MA (Cantab) Law. He undertook his LPC at Nottingham Law School in 2001.





Declan Ryan
Head of Investor Relations
Former Co-Head of Investor Relations North America, BlueCrest. Prior to joining BlueCrest, Declan was an Executive Director at UBS where he served as Head of Investor Relations in North America for UBS O’Connor, a multi-strategy hedge fund group. Before UBS Declan was a Vice President at JPMorgan Alternative Asset Management where he was responsible for business development and client relations. Declan is a CFA Charterholder and holds a Bachelor of Business and Law from University College Dublin (1995).





Investment Team
The investment team is organised functionally across three lines; Research, Technology and Trading with the Product Management team providing strategic oversight, coordination and development direction.






Home
About Us

Firm Overview
Mission & Core Values
Investment Philosophy
Management Team
Investment Team

Awards
UCITS
Careers

Job Vacancies
Graduate Program

Contact Us


 






DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.





DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.


I Agree I Don't Agree




DISCLOSURE
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and
	regulatory investigations into research and analysts practices, Deutsche Bank
	Securities Inc. ("DBSI") reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and
	Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York
	Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and with other state regulators
	arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms of
	the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million.
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the New Jersey Department of Securities and the New York Attorney
	General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and
	state common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and
	auction rate securities (together, "ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI
	was required to, among other things, offer to buy back ARS purchased by certain
	customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured by ARS
	and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection
	with the settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders
	against DBSI.

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
On December 6, 2016, a final judgment (“Judgment”) was entered against Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. (“Stifel Nicolaus”) by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Civil Action No. 2:11-cv-00755) resolving a civil lawsuit filed by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in 2011 involving violations of several antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with the sale of synthetic collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) to five Wisconsin school districts in 2006.
As a result of the Order:
- Stifel is required to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act; and
- Stifel and David Noack, a former employee, are jointly liable to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $2.44 million. Stifel was also required to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The Judgment also required Stifel to distribute $12.5 million of the ordered disgorgement and civil penalty to the school districts involved in this matter.
Simultaneously with the entry of the Judgment, the SEC issued an order granting Stifel waivers from the application of the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(iv) of Regulation D and Rule 262(b)(2) of Regulation A under the Securities Act (the “Securities Act Waivers”) and a no-action letter granting relief from the disqualification provisions of Rule 206(4)-3 under the Advisers Act (the “Advisers Act Waiver”). The SEC also exempted Choice Financial Partners, Inc., 1919 Investment Counsel, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (“Stifel Affiliates”) from section 9(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act Exemption”) through the issuance of a temporary order. Unless the SEC orders a hearing, a permanent order will be issued in 2017 and will be posted to the SEC’s EDGAR database.
Copies of the Judgment, Securities Act Waiver, Advisers Act Waiver and ’40 Act Exemption are available on the SEC’s website:
- Judgment: https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2016/lr23700-final-judgment.pdf
- Advisers Act Waiver: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2016/stifelnicolaus-120616-206(4).htm
- Securities Act Waivers: https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2016/33-10263.pdf
- Investment Company Act Exemption: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/948905/999999999716027528/filename1.pdf





COOKIES POLICY
This website uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer or other device to improve your experience. Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure the marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. 
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
This page describes what information the cookies gather, how we use that information and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored; however, preventing the cookies from being stored may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
THE TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
There are generally two types of cookies that we use: “Performance” and “Functionality”. The following is a brief description of each cookie category.
1. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the website, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in. We also use cookies to track aggregate website usage and experiment with new features and changes on the website. The information collected is used to improve how the website works.
2. Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, whether you made an edit to an article on the website while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of website tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you have customized the website in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:



Cookie Type
Name
Purpose


Functionality
disclaimer_agreed
To suppress the Disclaimer after users have dismissed it.


Functionality
Cookies_saw
To suppress the cookies notification ribbon after users have dismissed it 


Functionality
Notification
To suppress notification pop-up from reappearing on the landing page.


DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we may test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
MORE INFORMATION
For more information please contact us through our preferred contact method.
Email: website.management@systematica.com











 




















Systematica Investments | Awards




























We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.

Continue
Find out More








Client Login









2016
Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Industry Awards
Quantitative Manager of the Year (Nominee)
2015
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures (Nominee)
2014
EuroHedge Awards
Fund of the Year – Equity Market Neutral & Quantitative Strategies (Nominee)
Financial News Awards
Most Influential Woman in the European Hedge Fund Industry – Leda Braga
(Nominee)
2013
Hedge Funds Review Awards
Outstanding Contribution to the Hedge Fund Industry – Leda Braga (WINNER)
Financial News Awards
Most Influential Woman in the European Hedge Fund Industry – Leda Braga (WINNER)

Best Hedge Fund Manager in Managed Futures (Nominee)
2012
Financial News Awards
Most Influential Woman in the European Hedge Fund Industry – Leda Braga (WINNER)

Best Hedge Fund Manager in Managed Futures (Nominee)

Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Industry Awards
Managed Futures Hedge Fund of the Year (Nominee)
2011
Financial News Awards
Most Influential Woman in the European Hedge Fund Industry – Leda Braga (WINNER)

Award for Outstanding Individual Contribution (Editorial Choice) – Leda Braga (WINNER)
2010
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures (Nominee)

Best Long Term Performance (WINNER)
Hedge Fund Review Awards
Best Managed Futures Hedge Fund (Nominee)
2009
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures & Currency (Nominee)

Best Equity Market Neutral & Quant Strategies (Nominee)

Best Long Term Performance (Nominee)
2008
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures Fund (WINNER)

Best Equity Market Neutral & Quant Strategies Fund (Nominee)

Fund of the Year (Nominee)
Hedge Funds Review Awards 
Best Managed Futures Hedge Fund on a Risk Adjusted Basis (Nominee)
Financial News
Best Operator in Managed Futures Single-Manager Hedge Funds (WINNER)
100 Women in Hedge Funds
Leda Braga, President and Head of Systematic Trading: Award for Leadership and Effecting Change (Honouree)
2007
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures Fund (WINNER)
2006
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures Fund (Nominee)
2005
EuroHedge Awards
Best Managed Futures Fund (Nominee)
2004
EuroHedge Awards
New Fund of the Year (Nominee)
Please note: Any awards set out on this page which were awarded with respect to periods prior to January 1, 2015, relate to the performance of our funds or our personnel while the funds were under the management of, and our personnel were employed by, BlueCrest Capital Management Limited and its predecessors and their affiliates.  There is no guarantee that past performance of our funds will be replicated under the management of Systematica Investments.




Home
About Us

Firm Overview
Mission & Core Values
Investment Philosophy
Management Team
Investment Team

Awards
UCITS
Careers

Job Vacancies
Graduate Program

Contact Us


 






DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.





DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.


I Agree I Don't Agree




DISCLOSURE
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and
	regulatory investigations into research and analysts practices, Deutsche Bank
	Securities Inc. ("DBSI") reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and
	Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York
	Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and with other state regulators
	arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms of
	the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million.
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the New Jersey Department of Securities and the New York Attorney
	General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and
	state common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and
	auction rate securities (together, "ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI
	was required to, among other things, offer to buy back ARS purchased by certain
	customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured by ARS
	and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection
	with the settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders
	against DBSI.

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
On December 6, 2016, a final judgment (“Judgment”) was entered against Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. (“Stifel Nicolaus”) by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Civil Action No. 2:11-cv-00755) resolving a civil lawsuit filed by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in 2011 involving violations of several antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with the sale of synthetic collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) to five Wisconsin school districts in 2006.
As a result of the Order:
- Stifel is required to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act; and
- Stifel and David Noack, a former employee, are jointly liable to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $2.44 million. Stifel was also required to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The Judgment also required Stifel to distribute $12.5 million of the ordered disgorgement and civil penalty to the school districts involved in this matter.
Simultaneously with the entry of the Judgment, the SEC issued an order granting Stifel waivers from the application of the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(iv) of Regulation D and Rule 262(b)(2) of Regulation A under the Securities Act (the “Securities Act Waivers”) and a no-action letter granting relief from the disqualification provisions of Rule 206(4)-3 under the Advisers Act (the “Advisers Act Waiver”). The SEC also exempted Choice Financial Partners, Inc., 1919 Investment Counsel, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (“Stifel Affiliates”) from section 9(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act Exemption”) through the issuance of a temporary order. Unless the SEC orders a hearing, a permanent order will be issued in 2017 and will be posted to the SEC’s EDGAR database.
Copies of the Judgment, Securities Act Waiver, Advisers Act Waiver and ’40 Act Exemption are available on the SEC’s website:
- Judgment: https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2016/lr23700-final-judgment.pdf
- Advisers Act Waiver: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2016/stifelnicolaus-120616-206(4).htm
- Securities Act Waivers: https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2016/33-10263.pdf
- Investment Company Act Exemption: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/948905/999999999716027528/filename1.pdf





COOKIES POLICY
This website uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer or other device to improve your experience. Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure the marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. 
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
This page describes what information the cookies gather, how we use that information and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored; however, preventing the cookies from being stored may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
THE TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
There are generally two types of cookies that we use: “Performance” and “Functionality”. The following is a brief description of each cookie category.
1. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the website, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in. We also use cookies to track aggregate website usage and experiment with new features and changes on the website. The information collected is used to improve how the website works.
2. Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, whether you made an edit to an article on the website while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of website tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you have customized the website in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:



Cookie Type
Name
Purpose


Functionality
disclaimer_agreed
To suppress the Disclaimer after users have dismissed it.


Functionality
Cookies_saw
To suppress the cookies notification ribbon after users have dismissed it 


Functionality
Notification
To suppress notification pop-up from reappearing on the landing page.


DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we may test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
MORE INFORMATION
For more information please contact us through our preferred contact method.
Email: website.management@systematica.com











 




















Systematica Investments | About

























We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.

Continue
Find out More








Client Login









Firm Overview
Systematica Investments launched in January 2015 after a decade of experience within BlueCrest Capital Management, to focus on rigorously applying science and technology to the investment process. The firm was founded by Leda Braga and manages approximately $10.2bn (as at 1 March 2016) across a number of futures and equity based strategies. The philosophy of the firm is one of innovation, excellence in research and a commitment to fostering strong alignment with investors. Systematica Investments has a global presence with offices in Jersey, Geneva, London, New York and Singapore.




Our MissionTo create wealth by applying science and technology



Excellence
Innovation
Team Work
Pride
Fun




Team Culture & Investment Philosophy
The pursuit of excellence permeates all of Systematica’s activities
Collaborative working environment within and across all functional teams
Rigorous review by peers throughout the research and development cycle 
We aim to be systematic investors and avoid intervening with the model  - our interaction with the model is via the research process
Significant investment in technology  – our trend following strategy is currently running on the third generation of our proprietary trading platform
All aspects of the investment process and platform are subject to continuous research  and improvement


Management Team




Leda Braga
CEO
Former President and Head of Systematic Trading, BlueCrest. Leda joined BlueCrest from Cygnifi Derivatives  Services (a J.P. Morgan spin-off) in October 2001. At Cygnifi she formed part of the management team and was head of its Valuation Service. Prior to Cygnifi, Leda spent nearly seven years at J.P. Morgan as a Quantitative Analyst in the derivatives research team. Her past experience includes modelling of interest rate exotics, FX/interest rate hybrid instruments and equity derivatives. She holds a PhD in Engineering from Imperial College London, where she worked as a lecturer and led research projects for over three years prior to joining J.P. Morgan.





Matt Kilsby
Chief Operating Officer
Former Head of Systematic Implementation, BlueCrest. Matt joined BlueCrest in January 2013 having previously been at UBS where he was Managing Director, EMEA Head of Equities IT. Prior to his time at UBS, Matt held roles leading software development and business strategy, within a high frequency trading start-up firm. Previously he had spent four years at Citadel, holding various senior roles including Head of European Technology. Matt began his career at Goldman Sachs, where he spent ten years, in various technology roles covering risk, wealth management and fixed income trading. He has a BEng in Software Engineering from University of Manchester (UMIST).





Paul Rouse
Chief Financial Officer
Former Head of Product Control, BlueCrest. Paul joined BlueCrest in 2006. In 8 years he covered all functional areas and all funds within the BlueCrest Product Control function having previously been a Product Control manager at Goldman Sachs for 3 years focussing on equity derivatives trading. Paul trained as a Chartered Accountant at Ernst and Young within their Corporate Tax business, qualifying as an ACA in Jan 2004. He holds a BSc (Hons) in Marine Biology from Newcastle University.





David Kitson
Chief Investment Officer
Former Product Manager, BlueCrest. David joined BlueCrest in January 2011. Prior to BlueCrest, David was a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan where he worked from 1992 to 2010. He joined J.P. Morgan’s Quantitative Research Department after completing his PhD. David held many trading and management positions during his tenure at J.P. Morgan including: Head Trader Foreign Exchange Options, Head of Energy and Head Trader Fixed Income Hybrids. In 2007 he moved from trading management to focus his efforts solely on proprietary trading. David holds a PhD in Theoretical Physics from Manchester University.





Jean-Pierre Selvatico
Head of Trading and Counterparty Management
Former Head of Hedge Funds at Pictet Alternative Advisors, Jean-Pierre Selvatico joined Systematica in January 2017 as Head of Trading and Counterparty Management. Jean-Pierre worked for Pictet Alternative Advisors for 7 years where he acted as CIO of the hedge fund division, responsible for selecting and investing in external hedge funds across all strategies. Prior to joining Pictet, Jean-Pierre was a managing director at Barclays Capital in London in charge of the European interest rate option desk. He started his career in 1993 at JP Morgan London as a quantitative researcher and then moved to the interest rate swaps market-making desk. From 1997 to 2000 he managed the Dollar option desk for JP Morgan in New-York. Prior to joining Barclays Capital in 2004, he worked at Credit Suisse First Boston in London from 2002 to 2004.Jean-Pierre graduated from Ecole Polytechnique in Paris and later from Ecole Nationale de la Statistique et de l'Administration Economique (ENSAE).





Pawel Lewicki
Head of Research
Former Head of Systematic Research, BlueCrest. Pawel joined BlueCrest in January 2010 from Barclays Capital where, as a Managing Director, he acted as Global Head of Quantitative Analytics for three years. Prior to that, Pawel was a Managing Director at J.P. Morgan, where he worked for 12 years in the Derivatives Research and Strategy Group. Before starting his career in finance, Pawel led research work in statistical signal processing for Schlumberger in the US. Pawel has a PhD in Applied Mathematics from New York University's Courant Institute, with a specialisation in probability theory and random media. He holds a US patent in data analysis methods.





Ben Dixon
General Counsel
Former Legal Counsel, BlueCrest. Before joining Systematica, Ben previously worked for BlueCrest Capital for 9 years as Legal Counsel. He joined BlueCrest in 2005 from McDermott, Will & Emery, where he was an Associate Solicitor in the corporate department. He qualified as a solicitor in September 2003 with Allen & Overy in London, where he worked in the corporate and mergers & acquisitions department. Ben graduated from Queens' College, Cambridge University in 2000 and holds a BA (Hons) Law/MA (Cantab) Law. He undertook his LPC at Nottingham Law School in 2001.





Declan Ryan
Head of Investor Relations
Former Co-Head of Investor Relations North America, BlueCrest. Prior to joining BlueCrest, Declan was an Executive Director at UBS where he served as Head of Investor Relations in North America for UBS O’Connor, a multi-strategy hedge fund group. Before UBS Declan was a Vice President at JPMorgan Alternative Asset Management where he was responsible for business development and client relations. Declan is a CFA Charterholder and holds a Bachelor of Business and Law from University College Dublin (1995).





Investment Team
The investment team is organised functionally across three lines; Research, Technology and Trading with the Product Management team providing strategic oversight, coordination and development direction.






Home
About Us

Firm Overview
Mission & Core Values
Investment Philosophy
Management Team
Investment Team

Awards
UCITS
Careers

Job Vacancies
Graduate Program

Contact Us


 






DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.





DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.


I Agree I Don't Agree




DISCLOSURE
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and
	regulatory investigations into research and analysts practices, Deutsche Bank
	Securities Inc. ("DBSI") reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and
	Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York
	Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and with other state regulators
	arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms of
	the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million.
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the New Jersey Department of Securities and the New York Attorney
	General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and
	state common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and
	auction rate securities (together, "ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI
	was required to, among other things, offer to buy back ARS purchased by certain
	customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured by ARS
	and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection
	with the settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders
	against DBSI.

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
On December 6, 2016, a final judgment (“Judgment”) was entered against Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. (“Stifel Nicolaus”) by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Civil Action No. 2:11-cv-00755) resolving a civil lawsuit filed by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in 2011 involving violations of several antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with the sale of synthetic collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) to five Wisconsin school districts in 2006.
As a result of the Order:
- Stifel is required to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act; and
- Stifel and David Noack, a former employee, are jointly liable to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $2.44 million. Stifel was also required to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The Judgment also required Stifel to distribute $12.5 million of the ordered disgorgement and civil penalty to the school districts involved in this matter.
Simultaneously with the entry of the Judgment, the SEC issued an order granting Stifel waivers from the application of the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(iv) of Regulation D and Rule 262(b)(2) of Regulation A under the Securities Act (the “Securities Act Waivers”) and a no-action letter granting relief from the disqualification provisions of Rule 206(4)-3 under the Advisers Act (the “Advisers Act Waiver”). The SEC also exempted Choice Financial Partners, Inc., 1919 Investment Counsel, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (“Stifel Affiliates”) from section 9(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act Exemption”) through the issuance of a temporary order. Unless the SEC orders a hearing, a permanent order will be issued in 2017 and will be posted to the SEC’s EDGAR database.
Copies of the Judgment, Securities Act Waiver, Advisers Act Waiver and ’40 Act Exemption are available on the SEC’s website:
- Judgment: https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2016/lr23700-final-judgment.pdf
- Advisers Act Waiver: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2016/stifelnicolaus-120616-206(4).htm
- Securities Act Waivers: https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2016/33-10263.pdf
- Investment Company Act Exemption: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/948905/999999999716027528/filename1.pdf





COOKIES POLICY
This website uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer or other device to improve your experience. Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure the marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. 
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
This page describes what information the cookies gather, how we use that information and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored; however, preventing the cookies from being stored may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
THE TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
There are generally two types of cookies that we use: “Performance” and “Functionality”. The following is a brief description of each cookie category.
1. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the website, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in. We also use cookies to track aggregate website usage and experiment with new features and changes on the website. The information collected is used to improve how the website works.
2. Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, whether you made an edit to an article on the website while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of website tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you have customized the website in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:



Cookie Type
Name
Purpose


Functionality
disclaimer_agreed
To suppress the Disclaimer after users have dismissed it.


Functionality
Cookies_saw
To suppress the cookies notification ribbon after users have dismissed it 


Functionality
Notification
To suppress notification pop-up from reappearing on the landing page.


DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we may test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
MORE INFORMATION
For more information please contact us through our preferred contact method.
Email: website.management@systematica.com











 






Systematica Clients






















 










Systematica Investments








 













 
 

×







Don't Show Again
OK





 
×








Sign In
To begin, please sign in by entering your email address.
Welcome back to Systematica. Please sign in to access your account.
Please enter the 6-digit OTP sent to your email address.
Please enter your password to create your account.




invalid email or banned account










DISCLAIMER
×
By entering your password you are accepting and will be bound by the terms and conditions listed on the next screen. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions, you must not use, access or download any materials form this application, or continue to use your user account.


Forgot Password?
Password reset email sent
Invalid email or banned account








Resend OTP

OTP sent
You may only request for a new OTP every 10 minutes






Invalid retype password





PASSWORD
×
Password should contain at least 8 characters and at least one capital and lower case.












×


DISCLAIMER






 
×








Account Setting
Change password





Change password


Invalid retype password











Invalid retype password
Password changed successfully








 
×







Funds
Select a fund to view 



























Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.
List of persons related to the company Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P..

CIK Number: 0001618487Company address: C/O GLOBEOP FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC ONE SOUTH ROAD HARRISON 10528Phone number: 914.670.3610Former name: Systematica Alternative Markets Fund LP, date of change: 2015-11-10Former name: BlueCrest Managed Futures Fund L.P., date of change: 2014-09-03



People related to Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryDeRosa  Davidc/o GlobeOp Financial Services LLC One South RoadHarrisonNYWalton  KeithUgland House South Church StreetGrand CaymanCayman IslandsBraga  LedaRue Vallin 2 GenevaSwitzerlandMartin  LinburghUgland House South Church StreetGrand CaymanCayman IslandsDodd  VincentUgland House South Church StreetGrand CaymanCayman Islands




Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. on the Web
Related companiesSystematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd, Systematica Alternative Risk Premia Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueMatrix Fund L.P., Systematica BlueMatrix Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueTrend 2x Leveraged Fund L.P., Systematica BlueTrend 2x Leveraged Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueTrend Fund L.P., Systematica BlueTrend Fund Ltd, Systematica Macro RV Fund Ltd, Systematica Multi Fund L.P. - Systematica Diversified Trend, Systematica Multi Fund Ltd, Systematica Synergy Fund L.P., Systematica Synergy Fund Ltd, Systematica Trend ERISA Fund Ltd, Systematica Trend Following Fund L.P.












 








Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.  Funding details


Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001618487Address: C/O GLOBEOP FINANCIAL SERVICES LLC ONE SOUTH ROAD HARRISON 10528Phone number: 914.670.3610Former name: Systematica Alternative Markets Fund LP, date of change: 2015-11-10Former name: BlueCrest Managed Futures Fund L.P., date of change: 2014-09-03



Latest news
Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. raised $100,186,643 from 9 investors on 2017-04-03.



Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-04-03Amended Form DIndefinite$100,186,643Indefinite$1,000,000906b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2016-11-16Amended Form DIndefinite$76,331,652Indefinite$1,000,000806b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-11-16New Form DIndefinite$32,000,000Indefinite$1,000,000206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P. raised $100,186,643 in total.



Directors and Executives of Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.
Key People in Systematica Alternative Markets Fund L.P.:

Leda BragaDavid DeRosaLinburgh MartinKeith WaltonVincent Dodd
Similar companiesSystematica BlueTrend Fund L.P., Systematica BlueMatrix Fund L.P., Systematica BlueTrend Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueMatrix Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueTrend 2x Leveraged Fund Ltd, Systematica BlueTrend 2x Leveraged Fund L.P., Systematica Synergy Fund L.P., Systematica Synergy Fund Ltd, Systematica Multi Fund L.P. - Systematica Diversified Trend, Systematica Multi Fund Ltd, Systematica Alternative Markets Fund Ltd, Systematica Alternative Risk Premia Fund Ltd








Last visited companies: Aeris Metals Fund, LP, Aeris Metals Fund, Ltd., Amvona Fund, LP, BOOMiO, Inc., CELADON COMMODITIES FUND, LTD.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
































Systematica Investments | Home


























We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best browsing experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.

Continue
Find out More








Client Login










Founded in January 2015 after a decade of experience within BlueCrest Capital Management
Innovative firm focused on a quantitative and systematic approach to investing
Investment philosophy based upon a disciplined research process, technological innovation and operational excellence
Manages approximately $10bn for a diverse investor base across the globe.
Global presence with offices in Jersey, London, Geneva, New York and Singapore






About Us

Firm Overview
Mission & Core Values
Investment Philosophy
Management Team
Investment Team



Awards


UCITS


Careers


Contact Us




Investment Strategies


SYSTEMATIC TREND FOLLOWING STRATEGY
A global systematic trend following strategy that trades in excess of 200 liquid markets covering asset classes including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange, energy, metals and agricultural commodities.


Systematic Equity Market Neutral Strategy
A global systematic equity market neutral strategy that draws upon a wide variety of fundamental and technical inputs, as well as other sources.  The portfolio construction process incorporates a sophisticated in-house risk model which seeks to maintain market neutrality at the regional level, as well as limiting exposures to other factors such as size or liquidity.


 






DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.





DISCLAIMER
This communication is issued: (i) for all purposes, except for issue into the United States or issue to U.S. persons or issue into Australia or to Australia persons, by Systematica Investments Services Limited (“SISL”); (ii) only for the purposes of issue   into the United States or issue to U.S. persons, by Systematica Investments Limited (“SIL”) acting solely in its capacity as general partner of Systematica Investments LP (“SILP”); and (iii) only for the purposes of issue into Australia or to Australian persons, by Systematica Investments Singapore Pte. Limited ("SISPL"). SISL is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom (the “FCA”). SIL is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity trading advisor and a commodity pool operator and is a member of the U.S. National Futures Association in such capacity. SIL as general partner of SILP is licensed and regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission (the “JFSC”) under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998 (the “FSJL”) to conduct fund services business in and from within Jersey. The JFSC does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of the Funds (as defined below) or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed herein. The JFSC is protected by the FSJL against liability arising from the discharge of its functions under that law.  SISPL is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence in respect of the financial services it provides to 'wholesale investors' in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) and is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore which differ from Australian laws.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SISL, the following applies. This communication is issued in the United Kingdom by SISL on the basis that it is issued by an exempt person in accordance with Article 16 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005. None of the funds described herein or any other fund in respect of which SIL acts as investment manager (each, a “Fund” and together the “Funds”) is a recognised collective investment scheme for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). The promotion of each of the Funds and the distribution of this communication in the United Kingdom is accordingly restricted by law. This communication is being issued inside and outside the United Kingdom only to and/or is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA’s Conduct of Business Sourcebook. SISL is not acting for, or advising, investors in the Funds and is not responsible for providing such investors with the protections available under the UK regulatory system.
To the extent that this communication is issued by SIL, this communication has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the FSJL and any other legislation, regulations and orders which may be applicable from time to time, together with the requirements of any relevant codes of practice and guidance issued by the JFSC from time to time (the “JFSC Regulatory Requirements”). The information contained herein is directed by SIL exclusively at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the JFSC Regulatory Requirements, or, if to U.S. persons (as defined under Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)), to U.S. persons who are both accredited investors (as defined under Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act) and qualified purchasers (as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”)).
The interests in the Funds have not been filed with or approved or disapproved by any regulatory authority of the United States or any state thereof, nor has any such regulatory authority passed upon or endorsed the merits of an offering of a Fund or the accuracy or adequacy of this communication. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful.
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH ACCOUNTS OF QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS, THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT IS NOT REQUIRED TO BE, AND HAS NOT BEEN, FILED WITH THE COMMISSION. THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A TRADING PROGRAM OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR DISCLOSURE. CONSEQUENTLY, THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION HAS NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS TRADING PROGRAM OR THIS BROCHURE OR ACCOUNT DOCUMENT.
RECIPIENTS SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY FUNDS WHICH ARE DELAWARE LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS ARE ONLY AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT BY U.S. PERSONS, AS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT; SUCH FUNDS ARE NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED, PROMOTED OR MARKETED IN ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES.
The information contained herein is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any dissemination or other unauthorised use of this information by any person or entity is strictly prohibited. The distribution of information or documents contained in this communication may be further restricted by law. No action has been or will be taken by any of SISL, SIL, or any Fund to permit the possession or distribution of the information or documents contained in this communication in any jurisdiction (other than as expressly described herein) where action for that purpose may be required. Accordingly, such information or documents may not be distributed in any jurisdiction except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons to whom such information or documents are communicated should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions.
Information for investors in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”): This communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed in an EEA Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant EEA Member State in accordance with the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (“AIFMD”) (as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant EEA Member State); or (2) this communication may be otherwise lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).  In relation to each EEA Member State which, at the date of this communication, has not implemented AIFMD, this communication may only be distributed and the interests in the Funds may only be offered or placed to the extent that this communication may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Funds may lawfully be offered or placed in that EEA Member State (including at the initiative of the potential investor).
Information for investors in Switzerland: Any distribution of interests in the Funds in Switzerland is exclusively made to, and directed at, qualified investors (“Qualified Investors”), as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006, as amended, and its implementing ordinance. Any Funds which are Delaware limited partnerships are not being distributed in Switzerland and are not available for subscription by investors in Switzerland. Accordingly, the Funds have not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority. If a Swiss representative has been appointed in respect of a Fund, offering materials relating to interests in that Fund may be made available to Qualified Investors in Switzerland solely by the Swiss representative and/or authorised distributors. Swiss representative (where appointed): Mont-Fort Funds AG, 63 Chemin Plan-Pra, 1936 Verbier, Switzerland. Swiss paying agent (where appointed): Neue Helvetische Bank AG, Seefeldstrasse 215, CH-8008 Zurich, Switzerland. In respect of the distribution of interests in the Funds in and from Switzerland, the place of performance and jurisdiction is the registered office of the Swiss representative.
Information for investors in Australia: To the extent that this document is issued by SISPL, this document has been prepared without taking into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of Australian persons who receive this document.  Before making an investment decision, Australian persons who receive this document should consider the offering memorandum and assess whether the product is appropriate given your objectives, financial situation or needs. This document is only to be made available to 'wholesale investors' under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).
Information for investors in Singapore: The Funds are not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) and interests in any Funds are not allowed to be offered to the retail public. This communication and any other communication or material in connection with the offer, sale, invitation for subscription or purchase of interests in any Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may interests in any Fund be offered, sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than a person who is an accredited investor or an institutional investor (each as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore) (“SFA”) or unless otherwise permitted under any applicable exemption. This communication and any other communication or material issued in connection with the offer or sale is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA and has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. Each prospective investor should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him.
SIL, as general partner of SILP (SIL together with SILP and each of their subsidiaries and affiliates, the “Systematica Group”), was appointed as investment manager of the Funds on 1 January 2015 upon the “spin-out” of the Systematica Group. Any Fund performance information in this communication relating to dates prior to 1 January 2015 illustrates the performance of the Funds whilst its predecessors were appointed as investment manager to the Funds. There is no guarantee that past performance of the Funds will be replicated under the management of the Systematica Group.
This communication is not intended to constitute, and should not be construed as, investment advice, investment recommendations or investment research. Potential investors in the Funds should seek their own independent financial, tax, legal and other advice. This communication has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or interests referred to herein or for any other purpose. This communication is not intended as and is not to be taken as an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security or interest, nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction, including those in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such a solicitation or offer. Before making any investment decision you should obtain independent legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice, as appropriate, none of which is offered to you by SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates. None of SIL, SISL or any of their affiliates accepts any duty of care to you in relation to any investment in the Funds.
The terms of investment in any of the Funds described herein or any other Fund are solely as set out in the relevant Fund's prospectus or private placement memorandum (including any supplements thereto), as the case may be, application forms and/or memorandum and articles of association or limited partnership agreement, as the case may be (collectively, the “Fund Documents“). Before acquiring an interest in any Fund, each prospective investor is required to confirm that it has carefully reviewed the various risks of an investment in the Fund, as set out in the Fund Documents, and is required to acknowledge and agree to the existence of any actual and potential conflicts of interests described in the Fund Documents and waive, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, any claim with respect to the existence of any such conflicts.
This communication may contain simulated performance results achieved by means of the retroactive application of the adviser’s investment methodology, or the real-time application of a hypothetical capital allocation to such strategy. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations, some of which are described below. No representation is being made that any particular trading program will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. In fact, there are frequently sharp differences between hypothetical performance results and the actual results subsequently achieved by any particular trading program. One of the limitations of hypothetical performance results is that they are generally prepared with the benefit of hindsight. In addition, hypothetical trading does not involve financial risk, and no hypothetical trading record can completely account for the impact of financial risk in actual trading. For example, the ability to withstand losses or to adhere to a particular trading program in spite of trading losses are material points which can also adversely affect actual trading results. There are numerous other factors related to the markets in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results.
Although the information in this communication is believed to be materially correct as at the date of issue, no representation or warranty is given as to the accuracy of any of the information provided. Furthermore no representation or warranty is given in respect of the correctness of the information contained herein as at any future date. Certain information included in this communication is based on information obtained from third-party sources considered to be reliable. Any projections or analysis provided to assist the recipient of this communication in evaluating the matters described herein may be based on subjective assessments and assumptions and may use one among alternative methodologies that produce different results. Accordingly, any projections or analysis should not be viewed as factual and should not be relied upon as an accurate prediction of future results. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by law, SISL, SIL, SILP, the Funds, and their affiliates, agents, service providers and professional advisers assume no liability or responsibility and owe no duty of care for any consequences of any person acting or refraining to act in reliance on the information contained in this communication or for any decision based on it.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS. The actual performance realised by any given investor will depend on numerous factors and circumstances. This communication may include returns for various indices. These indices are not intended to be direct benchmarks for a particular Fund, nor are they intended to be indicative of the type of assets in which a particular Fund may invest. The assets invested in by any of the Funds will likely be materially different from the assets underlying these indices, and will likely have a significantly different risk profile. Target returns, volatility and Sharpe ratio figures quoted are targets only and are based over the long term on the performance projections of the investment strategy and market interest rates at time of modelling and therefore may change.
Interests in the Funds and other investments and investment services to which this communication relates are only available to the persons referred to in the relevant paragraphs above, and other persons should not act on the information contained herein.
Any decision to purchase securities or interests with respect to any of the Funds described herein must be based solely upon the information contained in the Fund Documents, which must be received and reviewed prior to any investment decision. Any person subscribing for an investment must be able to bear the risks involved (including the risk of a total loss of capital) and must meet the suitability requirements relating to such investments. Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.
Among the risks we wish to call to the particular attention of prospective investors are the following: (1) each Fund's investment programme is speculative in nature and entails substantial risks; (2) the investments of each Fund may be subject to sudden and large falls in price or value and there could be a large loss upon realisation of a holder’s investment, which could equal the total amount invested; (3) as there is no recognised market for many of the investments of the Funds, it may be difficult or impossible for a Fund to obtain complete and/or reliable information about the value of such investments or the extent of the risks to which such investments are exposed; (4) the use of a single adviser group could mean a lack of diversification and, consequently, higher risk, and may depend upon the services of key personnel, and if certain or all of them become unavailable, the Funds may prematurely terminate; (5) an investment in a Fund is illiquid and there is no secondary market for the sale of interests in a Fund and none is expected to develop; (6) there are restrictions on transferring interests in a Fund; (7) SIL and its affiliates may receive performance-based compensation, which may result in riskier investments, and the Funds’ fees may offset trading profits; (8) the Funds are subject to certain conflicts of interest; (9) certain securities and instruments in which the Funds may invest can be highly volatile; (10) the Funds may be leveraged; (11) a substantial portion of the trades executed for the Funds take place on non-U.S. exchanges; (12) changes in rates of exchange may also have an adverse effect on the value, price or income of the investments of each Fund; and (13) the Funds are not mutual funds pursuant to and therefore not subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act.


I Agree I Don't Agree




DISCLOSURE
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and
	regulatory investigations into research and analysts practices, Deutsche Bank
	Securities Inc. ("DBSI") reached a settlement agreement with the Securities and
	Exchange Commission, the National Association of Securities Dealers, the New York
	Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and with other state regulators
	arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms of
	the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million.
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
	Commission, the New Jersey Department of Securities and the New York Attorney
	General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and
	state common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and
	auction rate securities (together, "ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI
	was required to, among other things, offer to buy back ARS purchased by certain
	customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured by ARS
	and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection
	with the settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders
	against DBSI.

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
On December 6, 2016, a final judgment (“Judgment”) was entered against Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Inc. (“Stifel Nicolaus”) by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin (Civil Action No. 2:11-cv-00755) resolving a civil lawsuit filed by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) in 2011 involving violations of several antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws in connection with the sale of synthetic collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) to five Wisconsin school districts in 2006.
As a result of the Order:
- Stifel is required to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations and any future violations of Section 17(a)(2) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act; and
- Stifel and David Noack, a former employee, are jointly liable to pay disgorgement and prejudgment interest of $2.44 million. Stifel was also required to pay a civil penalty of $22.5 million. The Judgment also required Stifel to distribute $12.5 million of the ordered disgorgement and civil penalty to the school districts involved in this matter.
Simultaneously with the entry of the Judgment, the SEC issued an order granting Stifel waivers from the application of the disqualification provisions of Rule 506(d)(1)(iv) of Regulation D and Rule 262(b)(2) of Regulation A under the Securities Act (the “Securities Act Waivers”) and a no-action letter granting relief from the disqualification provisions of Rule 206(4)-3 under the Advisers Act (the “Advisers Act Waiver”). The SEC also exempted Choice Financial Partners, Inc., 1919 Investment Counsel, LLC and Ziegler Capital Management, LLC (“Stifel Affiliates”) from section 9(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act Exemption”) through the issuance of a temporary order. Unless the SEC orders a hearing, a permanent order will be issued in 2017 and will be posted to the SEC’s EDGAR database.
Copies of the Judgment, Securities Act Waiver, Advisers Act Waiver and ’40 Act Exemption are available on the SEC’s website:
- Judgment: https://www.sec.gov/litigation/litreleases/2016/lr23700-final-judgment.pdf
- Advisers Act Waiver: https://www.sec.gov/divisions/investment/noaction/2016/stifelnicolaus-120616-206(4).htm
- Securities Act Waivers: https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2016/33-10263.pdf
- Investment Company Act Exemption: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/948905/999999999716027528/filename1.pdf





COOKIES POLICY
This website uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer or other device to improve your experience. Cookies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited that site or service before. Cookies can then be used to help understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure the marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests. 
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
This page describes what information the cookies gather, how we use that information and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored; however, preventing the cookies from being stored may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
THE TYPES OF COOKIES WE USE
There are generally two types of cookies that we use: “Performance” and “Functionality”. The following is a brief description of each cookie category.
1. Performance Cookies. These cookies collect information about how you have used the website, for example, information related to the unique username you have provided. These cookies may also be used to allow us to know that you have logged in so that we can serve you fresher content than a user who has never logged in. We also use cookies to track aggregate website usage and experiment with new features and changes on the website. The information collected is used to improve how the website works.
2. Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow us to remember how you’re logged in, whether you chose to no longer see advertisements, whether you made an edit to an article on the website while logged out, when you logged in or out, the state or history of website tools you’ve used. These cookies also allow us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content for you and to remember how you have customized the website in other ways, such as customizing the toolbars we offer in the right column of every page. The information these cookies collect may be anonymous, and they are not used to track your browsing activity on other sites or services.
The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:



Cookie Type
Name
Purpose


Functionality
disclaimer_agreed
To suppress the Disclaimer after users have dismissed it.


Functionality
Cookies_saw
To suppress the cookies notification ribbon after users have dismissed it 


Functionality
Notification
To suppress notification pop-up from reappearing on the landing page.


DISABLING COOKIES
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
In some cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we may test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.
MORE INFORMATION
For more information please contact us through our preferred contact method.
Email: website.management@systematica.com











 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Systematica | The Hedge Fund Journal












































Skip to main content






This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.



 

























 
 






 







You must have a subscription in order to see the rest of this article. For a free 30-day trial click here.
Login *



Password *


Create new accountRequest new password

 



Search



Search 





 




 

 
 







About
Current Issue
Daily News
Reports
Video
Rankings
Events
Subscriptions
Advertise
Indices







 

 












ProfileSystematicaSpin-out has broad ambitions HAMLIN LOVELLFirst published 05 Mar 2015 







 






  
  
 Commentary 
 The Wrong Type of Macro? 

  
 Research 
 Alive & Kicking 
 
 




I like to solve problems and mathematics is a fantastic language to express thoughts in.LEDA BRAGA


 



Systematica






Starting Systematica in 2015 was a big step, as I joined BlueCrest in the early days and helped to build up the business there too,” says chief executive officer, Leda Braga, whose stature and success at BlueCrest helped her to feature in The Hedge Fund Journal’s “Leading 50 Women In Hedge Funds” in all three of the biannual surveys (2013, 2011 and 2009). BlueCrest had systematic and discretionary strategies under one roof, and spinning out of BlueCrest (which retains some ownership in Systematica) was partly motivated by how the hedge fund industry is changing in general – “The industry is going through intense transformation, with investors more aware of performance and fees, pressure on fees, more audits and oversight from regulators.”
Against this backdrop, Braga argues that a firm focused solely on systematic fund management has “advantages of scale, and can design products in a more granular and specific way, so now is a good time to monetise those advantages.” Braga thinks that discretionary and systematic asset management are culturally different, in that “team work is essential on the systematic side, whereas the discretionary side is a collection of people doing different things.” Chief investment officer, David Kitson agrees that “the priorities of a discretionary group are quite different,” and reckons that a purely systematic business is well positioned to meet the demands of increasingly sophisticated and institutionalised hedge fund investors, such as pension funds. Head of trading and counterparty management, Bertil Meijer, opines that branding as a focused systematic shop is valuable, and finds that a specialised environment allows him to hone and refine multiple facets of the trade execution process that bring benefits including lower trading costs. Chief operating officer, Matt Kilsby, also relishes the freedom he has to fine-tune the third and future generations of the trading platform, and other technological infrastructure, to highly specific requirements of systematic trading, without worrying about the bespoke quirks of discretionary traders.
Teamwork is prizedTHFJ met these four partners of Systematica at their Geneva offices. Braga pithily summarises her approach to team building by saying, “We let smart people understand where we are going and then let them get on with it.” Drawing parallels with dance, she says, “we incorporate each person’s expertise into the choreography.” In broad terms there are three functional divisions: research, trading and technology. Braga and former J.P. Morgan proprietary trader Kitson have oversight of the whole product including research, investment decisions and portfolio construction; trading platforms expert Meijer executes macro and single equities, while technology expert Kilsby is constantly improving technology across all of the funds. An example of how the team works shows how it is far more collegiate than siloed, illustrating how Kitson finds systematic fund management to be far more collaborative than it is discretionary. Meijer might flag up that a particular asset or sector is becoming more expensive to execute. Kitson could then ask researchers if that market could be traded on slower timeframes. The baton is then handed onto Kilsby, who makes sure the technology systems can accommodate the roll-out of the slower models.
This dialogue is not restricted to the four partners – Braga makes efforts to ensure connectivity throughout Systematica’s global offices (Geneva, London, Jersey, Singapore and New York). “We have to ensure information flow amongst the offices, otherwise people are remote and unplugged,” she stresses. So there are weekly calls with overseas offices, and offsite weekends for everyone to discuss everything in close proximity. Yet some activities need to stay in one office. All trading in European and US markets is still done from the Geneva office between 8am and 10pm on shifts. Meijer insists that “there would be no benefit in transporting a team to New York City, as we would lose efficiency and communication, and news would not make it back to David and Matt.” Braga admits that “it is a balancing act to have a few bases and tap into the talent,” and is confident that Systematica is striking the right balance. Systematica’s global office network is partly a consequence of BlueCrest’s decision to diversify its own office locations after a discussion process. “BlueCrest has a very global investor base, but was super London-centric,” recalls Braga. Each of Systematica’s locations provides advantages. “The parent company and head office is now Jersey-based; the UK is a great place to base a business; Geneva has lots of private wealth clients and we have hired some people from CERN laboratory, especially on the technology side; and Singapore is useful for 24-hour trading, as we do not want to work staff round the clock.” But Systematica has not inherited all of BlueCrest’s offices. A Sao Paolo office was set up to trade Brazilian interest rate products, but although Braga was born in Brazil there is no business rationale for Systematica to open an office there when it trades only two products in the region.

CTA feast and famineSystematica accepts the industry-standard explanations for why CTAs had a stellar 2008 (when the BlueTrend programme made over 40%) and then generally struggled between 2009 and 2013, before strongly recovering in 2014. Says Kitson, “post-2008 central bank intervention was stabilising assets, but since 2014 we see the release of some pent-up pressure as the US government eases off intervention.” He adds that volatility has started to move up from the depressed levels seen three or four years ago, and interestingly this year increased volatility has gone hand in hand with new highs for the equity markets, contrary to the usual inverse link. Kitson surmises that more volatility is creating better trends.
Braga agrees, citing a strong inverse correlation between waves of QE and CTA underperformance that she recently discussed on a panel at the MFA (Managed Funds Association) Conference in Miami. But Systematica admits that QE alone cannot explain their 2013 performance, which Braga describes as “our first and hopefully our only down year.” The way in which trends reversed after Bernanke’s taper tantrum was obviously bad for trend following, but what made 2013 worse was the breakdown of correlations. This double whammy was without historical precedent, Braga reflects, but the team’s response was swift: “Since 2013, modules have been added to the BlueTrend trading programme to mitigate the impact of trend breakdown and correlation breakdown, but this combination is still likely to be painful.” Braga admits that the 2013 drawdown was no surprise statistically, representing less than the fund’s annualised volatility, but says “the statistical argument does not apply when you are losing money, as it just feels awful.”
This shows how BlueTrend’s models are constantly evolving. Being on the right side of big market moves such as the oil price crash in 2014 may have grabbed the headlines, and Braga recalls how in the early days 14 years ago she was focused mostly on the glamourous side of forecasting market moves. But gauging volatility and correlation are as important as market direction for several reasons. “Directional market signals often have quite low signal to noise ratios so portfolio construction is important,” says Kitson, whose PhD was in theoretical physics. “We have to pull together the directional signals, volatility and correlation to create the offering.” Adds Braga, “even if you have a phone line to God, a great forecast can be destroyed if you fail to size positions in the context of the portfolio.” Braga sums up: “if forecasting is 90% on a glamour scale, in reality it’s only 50%, with risk management the other 50%.”
Braga enjoyed studying engineering to PhD level, at Imperial College London, and lecturing there, because “I like to solve problems and mathematics is a fantastic language to express thoughts in.” She has no idea why women are less likely to pursue science at postgraduate level. While Systematica does have some bias towards hiring PhDs from maths, physics and engineering, the firm has a wider mix of disciplines, hiring from economics, finance, computer science and signal processing as well. The team reads huge amounts of academic research, but Kitson stresses that “we do not take canned research, but can get the initial inspiration from academic journals.” The way in which Systematica applies the raw research ideas differentiates it from other quant shops.

Selective discretionAlthough the models are completely systematic, like most CTAs Systematica clearly does exercise some discretion, including over how the models evolve, rebalancing amongst alpha models, and selecting the investment universe of markets trading. Timing the alpha models is not a huge source of returns for Systematica. Says Kitson, “the investment committee sets the mix of alphas, tailored to the market environment.” But Braga stresses that the rebalancing amongst models is marginal and incremental, and does not go for very aggressive shifts towards or against particular models and, unlike markets, models will never be relegated to a zero weighting. This is because Kitson reckons “it is super-hard to time alphas,” and adds that “if we had the ability to time the alphas systematically that would be embedded in each alpha construct and not done externally.”
 Whether the rebalancing of alphas has done better than a fixed mix is hard to judge, as each of the models is continually varying. But when Systematica back-tested today’s suite of models against those prevailing historically, they estimated returns would have been as good or slightly better in all years and worse in none – which reassures Kitson that “the research process is working,” and suggests that improving the models matters more than timing them. Systematica reviews the universe of instruments traded each quarter, and can exercise discretion to add new markets or remove them, albeit based mainly on quantitative criteria such as open interest, daily liquidity, volatility and how well markets trend.
For instance, gold, oil and kerosene on the Tokyo Commodities exchange were removed after their liquidity declined. As well, Meijer has noticed liquidity on the London Metal Exchange decreasing, due, he thinks, to a number of banks withdrawing from LME market making. So is liquidity in general dropping as regulations force banks to retreat from market making? Meijer sees a mixed picture, and points out that it partly depends on which measure is used. Granted, volumes in the German bund future were down to 750,000 per day in January 2015, from one million back in 2011. But Meijer points out that the notional exposure remains similar – as the contract price has increased to 160 from 125. And some markets are seeing noticeable increases in trading volumes – liquidity in the VIX future keeps on increasing, for instance. As CTAs are essentially long of volatility and are not selling it, they need price movement to make money, so markets that are too quiet can be removed. Back in 2003 the BlueTrend programme removed short-term Japanese interest rates from the strategy, as their price was too stable to be of interest. The BlueTrend programme also ceased trading the short end of the US interest rate curve after the zero interest rate policy was introduced. Right now it also sounds as if short-dated government bonds with negative yields could be strong candidates for removal.
The ultimate case of a non-volatile market is, of course, a pegged currency, and Systematica avoids trading these markets. Hence when the Swiss franc was pegged to the euro in September 2011, the team intervened to almost entirely remove the currency from their models. The rationale was simply that “the models would have no conception of how history would predict the future,” recalls Kitson. Systematica had not reintroduced the Swiss franc when we met, as they did not think it had sufficient recent history as a freely floating currency. The partners at Systematica agree that trend following continued to work well post-crisis in over the counter (OTC) non-futures markets, but Kitson is “not sure what mechanism was at work or why the OTC markets did better.” Nevertheless, he says, “You cannot argue with the returns,” so Systematica is increasing its suite of OTC markets. The BlueTrend programme has always traded interest rate swaps and currency forwards, and coming from an investment banking background, the team is comfortable with OTC trading. Braga points out that the barriers to entry are higher for OTC trading, as you need a range of ISDAs and execution capabilities, and more importantly, “You need to be big enough for banks to find you a worthwhile counterparty to trade with.” Options, however, are not on the menu for now. Athough Kitson has traded options at J.P. Morgan, and Braga has modelled and valued them, at Cygnifi, for now the BlueTrend and BlueMatrix programmes will trade linear, delta one instruments.
Despite these various differentiators, Systematica expect their returns to continue showing some correlation with those of other trend followers, but Braga points out that “small changes in setting and speed can impact the profile by a lot” and may explain some periods of decoupling between the BlueTrend programme and other CTAs. She observes that some CTAs are de-correlating because “they mix single stocks with futures and we think that’s very bold”. Systematica prefers to trade single stocks in a separate programme – BlueMatrix, which we touch on later. Some CTAs have also diverged from their peers by de-emphasising momentum models but BlueTrend will stay true to its name with a substantial trend component. Trend followers are agnostic on market direction and Braga thinks the ability to go short is particularly useful as a diversifier for institutional investors that have large long weightings in equities. Scope to short is useful as “it is not human nature to bet against things, it is human nature to buy things that you like”.

Liquid alternatives: LSE listed closed-end funds, UCITS, ’40 Act and BlueMatrixSystematica is actively exploring the possibility of UCITS vehicles for its strategies, and is not put off by having closed the BlueTrend UCITS in 2010. Going forward, Kitson is reassured that “the UCITS rules are now much clearer and evolved, so it is much easier to design a compliant product.” As far as commodity exposure is concerned, Systematica would seek “well-trodden routes to obtain the exposure, and will not do anything trailblazing on the structuring side.”
BlueTrend already has a London Stock Exchange-listed closed-end fund, with ticker BBTS, that can be owned by anyone with a brokerage account, and Systematica continues to receive sub-allocations from BlueCrest’s LSE-listed AllBlue, which has tickers BABS, BABE, and BABU for its sterling, euro and US dollar share classes. Systematica already has a ‘40 Act product via the Equinox platform for the US market. Unlike the old UCITS, this fund is not intended to be a replica of the main BlueTrend programme, as the strategy includes elements of systematic macro.
The first UCITS launch from Systematica is set to be a wrapper for their BlueMatrix fund. This will be an independently run, Irish-domiciled UCITS rather than on any platform. Kitson estimates capacity for the BlueMatrix strategy, which currently runs $600 million, could be as high as $2 billion, but acknowledges that this will only be discovered through experience.
In 2007 the BlueMatrix programme started out doing what is often termed “statistical arbitrage”, entailing shorter-term price mean reversion, but quickly found this was a capacity-constrained strategy that was also challenged by the risk on/risk off world increasing correlations between securities through time, and reducing cross-sectional correlations through space. Braga’s response was that “we upgraded the fund with multiple alpha sources, of which mean reversion was only one, so the BlueMatrix programme should now be seen as a more diversified quantitative equity programme.” A variety of technical and fundamental signals are used, including some innovative ones, across global developed and emerging equity markets.
Fundamental data, including corporate accounting data, is one input, with analyst earnings revisions making up perhaps 20% or 30% of inputs. Of course, “cleaning the data is super-important,” stresses Braga. The BlueMatrix programme is also thinking laterally, throughout the supply chain, and using data from suppliers or customers to draw inferences about probable implications for other companies along the chain. Furthermore, the BlueMatrix programme is moving into the new frontiers of researching news, events and sentiment. Each of these inputs is complementary and, drawing analogies with classical antiquity this time, Braga says, “If you have oracles you must let them talk to each other.” Beta is near zero at the market and regional level, and is pretty low at the sector level. While BlueMatrix pays some homage to trend following via the momentum signals, trend will never become a large part of the strategy.
Liquid alternatives is one of many directions in which Systematica is developing, but high-frequency trading is not one of them. As aforementioned, adding more over the counter markets to the investment universe is an ongoing project, and Systematica feels confident about obtaining access to these markets. More radically, Braga says the firm is looking into products that might be viable to run without any performance fee. And a long-only offering could be considered for the pension fund market. Systematic and Braga may be, justifiably, most renowned for the BlueTrend programme, but their research, trading and technology resources are making strides into “quantamental” or quant fundamental strategies, including systematic macro and single equities, as well as more traditional asset management. Systematica aspires to build a powerhouse straddling long-only and absolute return as well as hedge funds – and catering for a continuum of clients from the smallest retail investor to the largest institution.
Trading and technologyTrading and technology also set Systematica apart from other managers. “We can streamline our technology and operations around a STP (straight-through processing) engineered systematic approach,” says Kitson, “which is more efficient than discretionary businesses that are trading new and exotic instruments every day.” Meijer, a Dutch national who previously worked for Europe’s largest pension fund manager, APG Asset Management, thinks that greater centralisation is the main difference between systematic and discretionary managers. “While discretionary managers might sometimes delegate execution to traders or sometimes do their own, in the systematic world centralising execution allows us to concentrate on objectives such as internalising, netting, and automating flow, with less than 10 traders covering 200 markets for 22 hours a day.”
Running a trading desk has manifold angles: pre-trade analysis, routing via multiple trading channels, automation, and using algorithms built by the in-house team, but the process does not stop after trade confirms are received. Meijer needs to be constantly alert to when and where his execution is outperforming or underperforming its benchmarks, as these conclusions then feed back into the start of the process – and might lead to changes. “We might need to adjust timing, aggressiveness, or passiveness – it’s a very data-driven process,” explains Meijer. At the same time, he is not micro-managing it to the point of being a perfectionist with each individual trade – rather he looks at it from 40,000 feet. Meijer views the new generation of data-driven traders as being a far cry from the noisy floor traders of yesteryear.
Kitson thinks it is “a false economy to focus on cheaper funds that don’t put effort into execution.” Obsessing over fees to the exclusion of measuring execution costs, which are essentially dead money, is dangerous because “Once you have paid away the bid-offer spread it’s gone forever, whereas if you can save 1% a year on execution that is a fixed 1%, which is good.”
Systematica merely wants to obtain competitive execution for its investment strategies, and is not seeking to enter the market-making of high-frequency trading game, which Meijer views as a different business model entirely. Systematica only runs client assets, and is not doing anything on the proprietary side. But Kitson says Systematica needs to “use high-frequency trading techniques to avoid giving money to high-frequency traders,” and Meijer claims that Systematica has developed systems that are aware of HFT activity in the markets and deal with this in an appropriate manner. However, Meijer aims to “analyse the behaviour of all participants, not just high-frequency traders.” The trading platform is nimble enough to react when markets change, and Meijer believes the platform is more adaptive to change than many other market participants. “Often buy-side traders work with rules of thumb such as the assumption that they can trade 20% of average volumes without impact.”
In fact, Meijer finds that these days as little as 8% of daily volumes can have an adverse ripple effect, so his systems are designed to adapt more swiftly. Meijer reiterates the team mantra “that trading and execution is not just about reducing costs” – it is also a holistic part of adding value to the portfolio construction process, helping to determine which markets are cheaper or more expensive to trade in order to reach the optimal portfolio solution. But netting, or internalising order flow, is one way in which Systematica can potentially reduce costs across all markets.
Systematica is trading more than 200 assets and over 4,000 single-name equities, adding up to a notional volume of $5 billion a day. In this environment, Braga says, “netting trades where permitted is hugely beneficial in reducing costs,” and Systematica is now netting between 15% and 20% of its own flow. Yet netting in such a complex environment constitutes a multi-dimensional optimisation problem. When models are trading the same market at different speeds, one model that is long can be partially offset against another that is short. But it gets much more complicated than this, because the same strategy can be run across multiple legal entities, including funds and managed accounts, and netting can then run into obstacles around legal, regulatory or exchange rules. The number of dimensions and parameters entailed is difficult for a human mathematician to keep track of, so Systematica has devised algorithms that allow for the constraints and allocate accordingly – netting wherever possible.
Systematica is onto the third generation of its proprietary trading platform, but Kilsby is looking ahead to the fourth and fifth generations, including now looking at the front-back holistic view for the whole firm and the operational functions. He will say that key characteristics are time to market within a robust infrastructure, and then Braga steps in to elaborate how the platform has changed beyond recognition since the first one. “Back in 2003 we had Excel spreadsheets, Bloomberg feeds and a C++ library, and this was just not robust,” she says.
This seems to prompt techy Kilsby, who was head of European technology for Citadel, into spilling some key benefits: “high fault tolerance, the ability to start up engines in any location, and safety fuses across the platform that aim to protect us from past industry experiences, e.g., Knight Capital, minimising the chances of a technical mistake.” Despite all of this automation, an extra check and balance comes in the form of a team of human execution traders who still authorise each and every decision.
The systems are ideally geared to cater for client demands of customisation that can entail specialist mandates and constraints, via dedicated managed accounts. Braga summarises the three key benefits of the tech platform as agility, flexibility and robustness.
 
Profile 



 

 
 

 

