    S&Z Fund Services LLC | ZoomInfo.com    John Zoraian | Sasserath & Zoraian LLP | ZoomInfo.com


Hedge Fund Tax Services | S & Z Fund Services off 110 near Long Island National Cemetary
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  


















Hedge Fund Tax Services
All accounting firms offer some level of tax services, but few have the specific experience and expertise needed to work with hedge funds and other investment partnerships. S&Z Fund Services, LLC's clients count on us for a comprehensive array of tax services, and they are confident that we always stay up-to-date on the latest tax issues and their implications for hedge funds, their managers and their investors.
Our professional hedge fund tax services include:

Accurate, timely preparation of all federal, state and local tax returns
Preparation of all tax reporting documents, including K-1, 1099, and 1042
Preparation of periodic tax estimates
Comprehensive planning designed to minimize the fund’s tax liability
On-going consultation with the fund manager on relevant tax issues and their potential impact on the fund

Working with a hedge fund administration firm like S&Z Fund Services, LLC takes the worry out of tax planning and preparation, so call Gregory Zoraian, CPA today at (631) 368-3110 to arrange an introductory meeting.



Schedule a Consultation

Let us know how we can help.
Request a Consultation


Hedge Fund Services


Hedge Fund Administration
Hedge Fund Investor Services
Outsourced CFO Services
Middle Office Services
Hedge Fund Start Up
Hedge Fund Tax Services





 


















New York Fund Administration | S&Z Fund Services, LLC Philosophy
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  


















Philosophy
At S&Z Fund Services, LLC the business philosophy is to provide excellent administration services to our clients. We define ourselves with these main ideals; professionalism, accuracy and trust.
Professional
We pride ourselves on having a very professional staff who through their professional affiliations will maintain this approach through all client services. Our staff includes personnel with extensive hedge fund experience in both the front and back office of major hedge funds.
Accurate
S&Z Funds Services, LLC prides itself on the quality of its service. We utilize checklists and control procedures to ensure that all aspects of the accounting process are accurate and complete. We have been audited as a service provider using SAS 70 procedures and no significant weaknesses were discovered.
Trustworthy
It is incumbent on all equity fund managers to ensure that their investor’s funds are safeguarded properly. S&Z Fund Services, LLC strives to provide the highest quality service in a timely, responsive manner.



Schedule a Consultation

Let us know how we can help.
Request a Consultation


Hedge Fund Services


Hedge Fund Administration
Hedge Fund Investor Services
Outsourced CFO Services
Middle Office Services
Hedge Fund Start Up
Hedge Fund Tax Services





 


















380 Lexington Avenue, 17th Floor, New York, NY 10168 | (631) 368-3110
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  






















Gregory Zoraian, CPA(631) 368-3110(212) 537-5951

New York City380 Lexington Avenue 17th Floor New York, NY 10168



Map to New York City OfficeView Larger Map






Schedule a Consultation

Let us know how we can help.
Request a Consultation


Hedge Fund Services


Hedge Fund Administration
Hedge Fund Investor Services
Outsourced CFO Services
Middle Office Services
Hedge Fund Start Up
Hedge Fund Tax Services





 


















Hedge Fund Administration - Offshore Fund Services
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  
























Trusted 
Hedge Fund
Administration


Our Services




Professional, 
Accurate,
Trustworthy


Our Philosophy




Onshore and 
Offshore 
Fund Services


Learn More







Welcome to S&Z Fund Services, LLC

Offering a comprehensive menu of hedge fund accounting and administrative services.





HEDGE FUND Administration
We work with the fund manager to establish an infrastructure that ensures complete transparency and accountability.


READ MORE







ADDITIONAL FUND SERVICES
Let us assist with middle office services and investor relationships. We also provide outsourced CFO services.


READ MORE







HEDGE FUND TECHNOLOGY AND SOFTWARE
Our hedge fund accounting software can save time by automating many tasks and organizing information.


READ MORE







ABOUT S&Z Fund Services, LLC
We provide administrative and back-office services exclusively to the hedge fund and private investment industry.


READ MORE









Hedge Fund Administration
Onshore and Offshore Fund Services
Investors have high expectations of their hedge fund managers, and rightly so. The financial futures of individuals and families can be made or broken by the performance of their investments, making it imperative for managers to partner with a highly-qualified, independent hedge fund administrator to ensure that all the administrative details are handled professionally.
S&Z Fund Services, LLC is a New York hedge fund administration firm with a solid track record for providing investment partnerships with a comprehensive menu of services for funds that are in the formative stages as well as those that are fully operational. From portfolio valuation and establishing internal controls to tax preparation and record keeping, we take care of the financial details and help ensure complete transparency between the fund’s manager and its investors.
To learn more about the advantages of partnering with an experienced hedge fund administrative firm, call S&Z Fund Services, LLC at (631) 368-3110 to schedule a introductory meeting. We look forward to talking with you about how we can fulfill your administrative needs.








Meet Our Management Team
S&Z Fund Services, LLC a New York firm providing hedge fund accounting and administrative services. READ MORE >>






Gregory Zoraian
Director of Fund Services








John Zoraian
Assistant Director of Fund Services








Alan R. Sasserath
Director of Tax Services








Jessica Sellitto
Manager of Fund Administration








Keith Pischel
Manager of Fund Administration





 








our offices



Main Office
145 Pinelawn Road, Suite 200 South
Melville, NY 11747
Telephone: 631-368-3110
Fax: 631-368-3121
Get Directions on the map


NYC Office
380 Lexington Avenue, 17th Floor
New York, NY 10168
Telephone: 212-537-5951
Get Directions on the map






 


















Hedge Fund Administration in New York. Call S&Z Fund Services, LLC Hedge Fund Administrators
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  


















About Our Firm
Founded in 2005, S&Z Fund Services, LLC provides administrative and back-office services exclusively to the hedge fund and private investment industry. The company is a division of New York accounting and consulting firm Sasserath & Zoraian, LLP and maintains an office on Lexington Avenue in Manhattan in addition to its headquarters in Melville, Long Island.
Offering a comprehensive menu of hedge fund accounting and administrative services, S&Z’s executive team has a combined 75 years of experience in public accounting, hedge fund administration and consulting. The firm proudly cultivates a business philosophy based on a commitment to professionalism, accuracy and trustworthiness. Its staff includes CPAs, staff accountants, and the finest staff of support professionals in the industry.

Management Team

Gregory Zoraian, Director of Fund Services, CPA
Masters in Taxation --Seton Hall University, Orange, New Jersey (1988) B.S. in Accounting -- Hofstra University, Hempstead, New York (1980)
Greg is a partner in Sasserath & Zoraian, LLP where he is responsible for clients ranging from small closely held business to a large private supermarket chain, as well as the entire hedge fund practice.
He has been responsible for the growth in S&Z Fund Services, LLC from its initial startup phase until today where it is now a separate business unit of the business.
Greg started his career with Ernst & Young before taking a job in private industry. Dissatisfied with the pace of private industry, in 1993 Greg started his own practice. In 1997 Greg partnered with Alan Sasserath to form Sasserath & Zoraian, LLP. Greg has 35 years of experience in both public accounting and financial management services, with a broad background in accounting, tax, and financial planning. His industry experience includes working with law firms, large supermarket chains, construction companies, as well as various established service industries. Greg utilizes a hands-on approach with his practice, which over the years, has resulted in numerous referrals from his loyal clients. In recent years Greg has spearheaded the firm's Hedge Fund Administration niche. This practice has grown to become a significant and successful practice area for the firm of S&Z.



John Zoraian, Assistant Director of Fund Services, CPA 

 John is a seasoned hedge fund professional with thirty-five years of experience in the hedge fund business. John as been involved in two hedge funds, with the first growing to $650 million in assets before the retirement of the General Partner, and the second growing to several billion in assets. In 2005, John decided to start the hedge fund administration business for Sasserath & Zoraian, LLP. In that first year, 4 funds were established and the practice began. Shortly thereafter, John decided to work directly with one of the funds and left the firm. In 2009, John has decided to return to the hedge fund administration business and is excited to assist in the next stage of growth for S&Z Fund Services, LLC. John started his professional career with Peat Marwick Mitchell & Co., the predecessor of KPMG LLP. John graduated with a BBA in accounting from Hofstra University. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of both the American and New York Institutes of Certified Public Accountants.


Alan Sasserath, Director of Tax Services, CPA 
Masters in Taxation -- Long Island University, Brookville, NY (1992) B.S. in Accounting -- SUNY Albany, Albany, NY (1986)
Alan started his career in the audit department of Ernst & Young prior to working in the tax departments of two large regional firms. In 1996, Alan started his own practice and subsequently joined with Gregory Zoraian in January 1997 to form Sasserath & Zoraian, LLP. He has 30 plus years of public accounting firm experience with a broad background in accounting, tax, audit and financial planning. Alan's technical experience includes working with high net worth individuals and closely held businesses, dealing with matters related to both domestic and international tax. His industry experience includes technology companies, real estate management companies, construction, printing as well as numerous service industries.



Jessica Sellitto, Manager of Fund Administration, CPA 
B.S. in Business Administration -- Bucknell University
Jessica Sellitto, CPA joined S&Z in 2015. She brings over 12 years of experience within the financial services industry, specifically in Fund Accounting and Fund Administration. She was previously a Senior Account Executive for Fund Administration, Inc., as well as the Assistant Vice President of Treasury Operations at Ivy Asset Management Corp., a large fund of funds.
She began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in the Assurance and Business Advisory Service practice. Ms. Sellitto is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. She graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, majoring in Accounting.


Keith Pischel, Manager of Fund Administration Emory University MBA Accounting -- Hofstra University
Keith joined S&Z in 2011. He brings with him a strong Fund Administration, and Fund Accounting background from his experience with SS&C, a large Fund Administrator. His experience is well rounded, having worked on multi strategy funds with numerous financial instruments including most derivative products.
Keith graduated from Emory University and attended the MBA Accounting program at Hofstra University.
Keith’s responsibilities include all daily/monthly fund accounting processes and will liaise between fund managers and S&Z. Additionally, Keith will help design processes and procedures for fund implementations, and fund management.



Schedule a Consultation

Let us know how we can help.
Request a Consultation


Hedge Fund Services


Hedge Fund Administration
Hedge Fund Investor Services
Outsourced CFO Services
Middle Office Services
Hedge Fund Start Up
Hedge Fund Tax Services





 


















Advent Geneva | Pertrac | Hedge Fund Portfolio Accounting
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  


















Hedge Fund Accounting Software
 

Global Investment Management and Accounting Software
In today’s alternative information markets, the need to automate tracking and reporting across a broad range of asset classes, consolidate information from various data sources, and manage counterparty risk and exposure is more important than ever before.
Advent Geneva
Advent Geneva is a sophisticated portfolio accounting system which enables the seamless flow of P&L data to the partners data module. Geneva has become the leader in portfolio management for firms of all sizes. Learn More

There’s a world of investments--and investors--out there. Whether you’re an investor looking to build a better portfolio or an investment manager aiming to raise and keep assets, you need a set of easy-to-use tools that can help you reach your goal. You need to gather investment information in one place, organize it, evaluate it, make sense of it. Learn More 



Schedule a Consultation

Let us know how we can help.
Request a Consultation


Hedge Fund Services


Hedge Fund Administration
Hedge Fund Investor Services
Outsourced CFO Services
Middle Office Services
Hedge Fund Start Up
Hedge Fund Tax Services





 

















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















145 Pinelawn Road, Suite 200, Melville, NY 11747 | (631) 368-3110
























S&Z Fund Services, LLC


  






















Gregory Zoraian, CPA(631) 368-3110(212) 537-5951

Melville145 Pinelawn Road Suite 200 South Melville, NY 11747



Map to Melville Office View Larger Map 






Schedule a Consultation

Let us know how we can help.
Request a Consultation


Hedge Fund Services


Hedge Fund Administration
Hedge Fund Investor Services
Outsourced CFO Services
Middle Office Services
Hedge Fund Start Up
Hedge Fund Tax Services





 


















Mutual Fund Solutions - Products























































USBancorp

+ 1 800 300 3863






















Mutual Fund Solutions








Home


Mutual Fund Solutions

Products























We provide comprehensive services for a diverse range of Alternative Investment products












Leveraged by our financial stability and a tenured management team, we provide the necessary services and advanced technology to support your specific fund product.
Specialized Mutual Fund Expertise
Whether it’s open-end mutual funds, closed-end mutual funds, or multiple series trusts, at U.S. Bancorp Fund Services we continue to expand our product offering to provide you the best options to benefit your business. Established in 1969 to fulfill the unique requirements of registered and unregistered funds, U.S. Bancorp Fund Services began with two divisions and one client, whose funds we still service today. Our longevity in the industry is directly related to our focus on high quality service and retaining and employing the best people.
Backed by our experienced professionals and financial stability we have been a leader in the financial industry for 45 years. With mutual fund client relationships lasting since our inception, our teams know the foundation for a strong relationship is built on open communication, trust, and accountability.
Our efficient, cost-effective service solutions give you the ability to manage your fund while we manage the fund administration. We will handle the minute operational aspects of your fund, so that you can concentrate on managing your investments and growing assets.  Whether utilizing our complete breadth of services or specific individual services, we have the technology and experienced personnel necessary to support your specific fund product.









Explore Our Products and Technology


Closed-End Funds

Our comprehensive service solution provides knowledgeable personnel and...
Read more




Multiple Series Trusts

Reduce your funds launch time and lower start-up costs by utilizing our Multiple Series Trust comprehensive servi...
Read more




Open-End Funds

U.S. Bancorp Fund Services provides experienced financial services solutions for a variety of open-end fund clien...
Read more
































X


General Contact Form




This contact page is for investment management firms inquiring about alternative investment solutions, mutual funds solutions, or ETF services. For more information on U.S. Bancorp Fund Services comprehensive servicing solutions, please complete the following form.

Marketing Department
U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC
777 East Wisconsin Avenue, 4th Floor
    Milwaukee, WI 53202
1.800.300.3663







First name

Last name


Company name

Email

Phone

Location

Preferred contact method

Preferred contact method
Email
Telephone
Mail


Year established


Assets under management

I'm interested in...*

I'm interested in...*
Alternative Investment
ETF Services
Mutual Funds
Other



Investment Strategy
Distribution Strategy
How did you hear about us?

How did you hear about us?
Online
Media
Print Ad
Client Reference
Conference/Seminar
Other








Send




Thank You!
Your form has been successfully submitted.


New Inquiry? (back to form)
Close



 




Find Your Business Development Manager

United States
Global







Alternative Investment Solutions

Jerry Barbara, 
Senior Vice President
Wilmington, DE 
800.236.2297 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Tim Jones, 
Senior Vice President
London, UK 
+44(0)20.7330.2220 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Owain McNeill, 
Senior Vice President
London, UK 
+44(0)207.330.2224 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Jason Ganz, 
Senior Vice President
Atlanta, GA 
844.686.0647 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Gary Rossman, 
Senior Vice President
Hackensack, NJ 
800.710.9096 | email me


Alternative Investment Solutions

Scott Syracuse, 
Senior Vice President
Hackensack, NJ 
800.699.9137 | email me



Mutual Fund Solutions

Joe Bree, 
Executive Vice President
Milwaukee, WI 
800.243.3809 | email me


Mutual Fund Solutions

Mark Ellegard, 
Senior Vice President
Milwaukee, WI 
800.561.1087 | email me


Mutual Fund Solutions

George Sapp, 
Senior Vice President
Glendora, CA 
866.201.4402 | email me



ETF Services

Michael Castino, 
Senior Vice President
Naperville, IL 
888.455.5553 | email me


Contact us for more information about any of our comprehensive service solutions.



Select a state to find a business development manager.


Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California


Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


Florida


Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana


Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine


Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi


Missouri


Montana


Nebraska


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New Mexico


New York


North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon


Pennsylvania


Rhode Island


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee


Texas


Utah


Vermont


Virginia


Washington


West Virginia


Wisconsin


Wyoming


Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands




Select a region to find a business development manager.


Australia


Asia


Europe


Africa



 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Hedge Fund Administrators - S&Z Fund Services, LLC - Hedge Fund Hedge Fund Administrators | HedgeCo.Net Hedge Fund Service Provider Directory

































                                                                    Register free as a Hedge Fund, Investor,  Service Provider or a News Member



HedgeCo.Net - Online Hedge Fund Database and Community
                                     - 
Sign In
                                                                          
                                    











Search













Find a Hedge Fund


Find a Hedge Fund

Search for a Fund
Browse Funds By Strategy
Hedge Fund Ranking
Hedge Fund Manager Interviews







Search Hedge Fund:

Go





Popular Searches

25 Newly Added Funds
25 Most Recently Updated Funds
Top 10 Hedge Funds by AUM
Top 10 Performing Funds for Jun 2017
Top 10 YTD Return
Top 10 Compound Annual Return
Top 10 Funds 3 Year Return







 Hedge Fund News


Hedge Fund News

Breaking Hedge Fund News
Hedge Fund Blogs
Hedge Fund Press Releases
Subscribe to our RSS FEED
Submit a Story



Breaking News
SEC Announces $2.5 Million Whistleblower AwardSEC Bars Lawyer Who Committed FraudFederal Regulatory Agencies Announce...AIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of...Goldman Launches New Online Lending Strategy...Billionaire Hedge Fund Manager Beating the...Gondor Hedge Funds In Double-digit Returns In... 






Learn about Hedge Funds


Hedge Funds 101

What is a Hedge Fund
How do Hedge Funds Work
Types of Hedge Funds
Common Misconceptions
Benefits of Hedge Fund Strategies
Measure Risk vs. Return



Resources

Hedge Fund Jobs
Hedge Fund White Papers
Hedge Fund Manager Interviews
HedgeCoVest








Hedge Fund Service Providers

Top 10 Service Provider CategoriesTechnology VendorsConsultantsAccounting FirmsReal EstateAdministratorsAdd Your Company Broker-DealersAttorneys/LawyersResearchFinancial and Investment AdvisorsExecutive Search/RecruitmentView All Service ProvidersFeatured Service Provider



NRS
Oriana DeRose (NRS)
    29 Brooks Street 
    Lakeville, CT 06039
    Phone: 860-596-0955
            Website
 

Hedge Fund Conferences
About HedgeCo


About HedgeCo

About HedgeCo
Meet the Team
In the News
Careers with HedgeCo
Media Kit
Contact Us



The HedgeCo Network

HedgeCoVest
HedgeCo Networks



Contact Us


HedgeCo, LLC
                                            400 North Clematis StreetSuite #205West Palm Beach, FL 33401Phone: 1-561-835-8690Fax: 1-561-828-3181
                                        























S&Z Fund Services, LLC

Hedge Fund Service Providers
Hedge Fund Administrators
S&Z Fund Services, LLC




S&Z Fund Services, LLC




David Gerlack, S&Z Fund Services, LLC
Phone: 631 368 3110
    

 










Contact Service Provider
[x] close










Full name *



Email *





Phone


Message *


  I confirm that the above information is accurate to the best of my knowledge.

Send Message
                           
            Cancel







Submit your Testimonial
[x] close










Full name *



Email *







Company *



Position *





Phone


Testimonial *


  I confirm that the above information is accurate to the best of my knowledge.

Submit
                           
            Cancel















Register Your Company



Service Provider Directory Search





Category

Category...
Accounting Firms
Administrators
Advertising
Airline
Asset Valuation Services
Attorneys/Lawyers
Automated Fund Tax Calculations
Banks
Black Box Integration
Broker-Dealers
Cash Management
CFO's
Charitable Organizations
Class Action Services
Clearing Services
Communications & e-Business
Compliance
Concentrator
Conference / Seminar Providers
Consultants
Custodians
Decision Process Tools
Document Risk Management
Due Diligence
Electronic Trading
Email and Messaging Compliance
Emerging Manager Solutions
Exchanges
Executive Search/Recruitment
Family Office
Financial and Investment Advisors
Financial Publishers
Foreign Exchange/International Banking
Futures/Forex Brokerage
GIPS Verification
Govt/Regulatory/Agency/Assoc
Health Insurance
Human Resources
Incubators & Financing
Information Providers
Insurance
Insurance Brokers
Insurance Companies
International Business Marketing & Communications
IRA Custodian
IT Service Provider
Life Settlements / Life Insurance
Luxury Products
Maketing
Market Data
Marketing Materials
News
Office Space
Platforms
Prime Brokers
Public Relations
Qualified Intermediaries
Real Estate
Registered Investment Advisors
Registration
Research
Risk Management
Soft Dollar Brokers
Start A Hedge Fund
Stock Loans
Structured Products
Technology Vendors
Third Party Marketing
Total Hedge Fund Solutions
Trading and Execution
Trading Systems
Trading Tools
Training Workshops/Seminars/Courses
Translation Services
Travel
Turn Key Back Office Solutions
Valuation
Wealth Management Services


Country

Country...
United States of America
United Kingdom
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province Of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis And Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe


 Search








Featured
Recently Added






i-fact@nalysis, Inc.
Due Diligence
Dennis Moschella, Managing Director


Thomson Reuters
Market Data
Jennifer Weiss, Director - Hedge Funds, Prime Brokers...


Eze Castle Integration
Technology Vendors
Tim Kennedy, Eze Castle Integration


Cohn Reznick
Accounting Firms
Philip Mandel CPA, CFP, Partner and Co-Director,...


Millennium Trust Company
Custodians
Sandra Reese, SVP & Program Manager







Cooperative Real Estate
Real Estate
Victoria McGuire, Real Estate Agent


Nous Infosystems
IT Service Provider
Rajesh Nair, Associate Vice President


Essential Fund Services International
Administrators
Joseph Levato, Managing Member


Seamless
Real Estate
Sanderson Mittnacht, Business Development Manager


Trident Fund Services
Administrators
David Madden, Business Development















 
















Investors

Conferences
Hedge Fund Search
Hedge Fund Rankings
Breaking News



Hedge Fund Managers

Manager Benefits
Conferences
Service Providers



My Account

My Home / Dashboard
My Profile
Account Settings
My Messages



Information / Support

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Industry Overview
Hedge Fund FAQs
Hedge Fund Glossary






© 2017 HedgeCo.Net

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms and Conditions


HedgeCo Privacy
Advertise











































	S&Z Fund Services, LLC | Hedge Fund Administrators | Directories | Global Custodian

























ABOUT US
CONTACT US
MAGAZINE
NEWSLETTERS
LOG-IN
























LOG-IN







Warning: JavaScript is disabled in your browser. please note that you must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the full functionality of this website.
	






DIRECTORIES




Category


All
Prime Brokers
Agent Banks
Global Custodians
Mutual Fund Administrators
Hedge Fund Administrators
Private Equity Fund Administrators
Tri-Party Agents
IT Providers
CSD/ICSD
European Pension Consultants
Sovereign Wealth Funds
Legal Service Providers
Consultants & Advisers
Stock Exchanges
Fund Markets
Agent Lenders
Real Estate Fund Administrators













Required Field





United StatesS&Z Fund Services, LLCwww.szfundservices.comDavid GerlackManager - Hedge Fund Services631-368-3110david@szfundservices.com















  














RETURN TO DIRECTORIES >











Get GLOBAL CUSTODIAN Email Alerts










Trending
Most Read Most E-mailed 

Market InfrastructureAsset managers seeking to consolidate their custodians, says State Street chiefCustodyState Street one deal away from topping BNY MellonCustodyStandard Chartered hires HSBC Asia custody expert for securities servicesPeople MovesBNY Mellon continues recruitment drive with senior alternatives hiresTechnologyBNY Mellon looks to evolve client pick up for NEXEN digital platformCustodyTop 10 trends for 2016


Custody'Our restructuring is over' says Citi bossTechnologyBNP Paribas continues blockchain push with share register partnershipMarket InfrastructureBNP Paribas signs up Janus Henderson Singapore fundsFeaturesUS custodians told to evolve from ‘unexciting’ servicesFund AdministrationCarlyle Group Raising $15 billion U.S. Buyout Fund






MOST WATCHED INTERVIEW MORE INTERVIEWS >Tim Gokey on industry transformationGlobal Custodian talks to Broadridge COO Tim Gokey about how technology and business models are enabling change.


Sponsored Content















  

BrightScope
CIO
FWW
Global Custodian
Investor Economics
LiquidMetrix
Market Metrics
Matrix Solutions
PLANADVISER
Plan For Life
PLANSPONSOR
Simfund
The Trade

Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations. 











 





