    Theresa Szlosek | | ZoomInfo.com      C Theresa Szlosek - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > C Theresa Szlosek
				> Profile    C Theresa Szlosek    Profile Insider Purchases Insider Sales News      Affiliations  Corporate Secretary at Western New England Bancorp Inc. (WNEB), 2016-11-04                Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             




Theresa  Szlosek's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
S
Szlosek

Theresa  Szlosek




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 705591163Theresa C Szlosek68 Macomber AveSpringfield, MA 01119Age 57 (Born Sep 1960)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 705591164Theresa C Szlosek435 Holyoke StLudlow, MA 01056Age 57 (Born Sep 1960)(413) 583-8533Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Theresa C  Szlosek - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Theresa C  Szlosek
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Theresa C  Szlosek. Find out Theresa C  Szlosek address and contact details. View other people related to Theresa C  Szlosek - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

C/O WESTERN NEW ENGLAND BANCORP, INC. 141 ELM STREET WESTFIELD 01085 MA




Companies related to Theresa C  Szlosek
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001157647Western New England Bancorp, Inc.141 ELM STREET  WESTFIELD 01085




Theresa C  Szlosek on the Web
Persons related to Theresa C  Szlosek - Western New England Bancorp, Inc.NamePositionCityAlice M.  BabcockWESTFIELDLaura  BenoitDirector WESTFIELDVICTOR J  CARRADirector WESTFIELDVICTOR J  CARRADirector WESTFIELDGerald P  CiejkaSVP and General Counsel WESTFIELDGerald P  CiejkaVice President WESTFIELDDAVID C  COLTON JRDirector WESTFIELDDAVID C  COLTON JRDirector WESTFIELDDAVID C  COLTON JRDirector WESTFIELDROBERT T  CROWLEY JRDirector WESTFIELDROBERT T  CROWLEY JRDirector WESTFIELDDonna J.  DamonDirector WESTFIELDGary G  FitzgeraldDirector CHICOPEELouis O  Gorman IIISVP & Chief Credit Officer WESTFIELDJAMES C  HAGANPresident and CEO WESTFIELDJAMES C  HAGANPresident and CEO WESTFIELDTHOMAS J  HOWARDDirector WESTFIELDCidalia  InacioSVP, Retail Banking/Operations WESTFIELDMICHAEL J  JANOSCO JRCFO and Treasurer WESTFIELDMICHAEL J  JANOSCO JRChief Investment Officer WESTFIELDREBECCA S  KOZACZKAVice President WESTFIELDREBECCA S  KOZACZKAVice President WESTFIELDREBECCA S  KOZACZKAVice President WESTFIELDHARRY C  LANEDirector WESTFIELDHARRY C  LANEDirector WESTFIELDDarlene M  LibiszewskiSVP, Chief Information Officer WESTFIELDWILLIAM D  MASSEDirector CHICOPEEDEBORAH J  MCCARTHYSVP WESTFIELDDEBORAH J  MCCARTHYVice President WESTFIELDDEBORAH J  MCCARTHYVice President WESTFIELDWILLIAM H  MCCLUREDirector WESTFIELDLisa G  McMahonDirector WESTFIELDAllen J  Miles IIIEVP & Chief Lending Officer WESTFIELDAllen J  Miles IIISr. VP & Chief Lending Officer WESTFIELDKevin C  O'ConnorSVP & Chief Banking Officer WESTFIELDMARY C  ONEILDirector WESTFIELDMARY C  ONEILDirector WESTFIELDGREGG F  ORLENDirector CHICOPEEPAUL C  PICKNELLYDirector CHICOPEERICHARD C  PLACEKDirector WESTFIELDRICHARD C  PLACEKDirector WESTFIELDPAUL R  POHLDirector WESTFIELDPAUL R  POHLDirector WESTFIELDPAUL R  POHLDirector WESTFIELDSteven G.  RichterDirector WESTFIELDLEO R  SAGAN JRSVP & Chief Risk Officer WESTFIELDLEO R  SAGAN JRVice President & Controller WESTFIELDLEO R  SAGAN JRCFO & Treasurer WESTFIELDGuida R  SajdakEVP & Chief Financial Officer CHICOPEEPhilip R  SmithDirector WESTFIELDCHARLES E  SULLIVANDirector WESTFIELDCHARLES E  SULLIVANDirector WESTFIELDCHARLES E  SULLIVANDirector WESTFIELDTHOMAS CONNORS  SULLIVANDirector WESTFIELDTHOMAS CONNORS  SULLIVANDirector WESTFIELDKevin M  SweeneyDirector WESTFIELDTheresa C  SzlosekWESTFIELDChristos A  TapasesDirector WESTFIELDWILLIAM J  WAGNERChief Business Dev Officer CHICOPEEDONALD A  WILLIAMSDirector WESTFIELDDONALD A  WILLIAMSDirector WESTFIELD












 






     Frederick Szlosek - 5 Public Records Found                                            First Name:      Last Name:      Location:   All States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming      This is me Searching for yourself?     View Record          Home     People Search         Last Name (S)         Frederick Szlosek            Frederick Szlosek: 5 Matches! We found records for people named Frederick Szlosek in 6 cities throughout Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Virginia. Find the Frederick Szlosek you're looking for by clicking the link below:  I want more information on Frederick Szlosek >>              Our top match for Frederick Szlosek is an individual named Frederick T Szlosek, 69 years old, related to Elaine M Szlosek, Helen A Szlosek, Philip A Szlosek, and Theresa C Szlosek. We found Frederick in Ludlow, MA, 01056.         Name   Frederick T Szlosek     Age   69     Locations   Ludlow, Massachusetts 01056Palmer, Massachusetts 01069Westfield, Massachusetts 01085Providence, Rhode Island 02903     Relatives   Elaine M, Helen A, Philip A,  and Theresa C Szlosek     Telephone Number(s)   (413) 583-8533(413) 575-0578(413) 583-4687      View Record       The second match for Frederick Szlosek was found in Ludlow, Massachusetts, listed as "Frederick T Szlosek", age 69. Relatives include Elaine M Szlosek, Helen A Szlosek, Philip A Szlosek, and Theresa C Szlosek.         Name   Frederick T Szlosek     Age   69     Locations   Ludlow, Massachusetts 01056     Relatives   Elaine M, Helen A, Philip A,  and Theresa C Szlosek     Telephone Number(s)   (413) 583-8533(413) 575-0578(413) 583-4687      View Record       Our third record was identified in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts.         Name   Frederick T Szlosek     Locations   East Longmeadow, Massachusetts 01028Ludlow, Massachusetts 01056      View Record       Match #4 record's appeared in Arlington, Virginia. Relatives weren't found.         Name   Frederick T Szlosek     Locations   Arlington, Virginia 22202      View Record       The 5th Possible Result is a Frederick T Szlosek. This Frederick was seen in Ludlow, Massachusetts.         Name   Frederick T Szlosek     Locations   Ludlow, Massachusetts 01056      View Record            Search Our Index of Common Last Names   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz     



  

     Elaine Szlosek in Ludlow, Massachusetts - 1 Record Found                                            First Name:      Last Name:      Location:   All States Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut District Of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming      This is me Searching for yourself?     View Record          Home     People Search         Last Name (S)         Elaine Szlosek            Elaine Szlosek: 1 Match! We located Elaine Szlosek in Ludlow, Massachusetts. Find the Elaine Szlosek you're looking for by clicking the link below:  I want more information on Elaine Szlosek >>              Our top match for Elaine Szlosek is an individual named Elaine M Szlosek, 56 years old, related to Arthur M Saloio, Edna A Saloio, Undina M Saloio, Frederick T Szlosek, Frederick T Szlosek, Helen A Szlosek, Philip A Szlosek, and Theresa C Szlosek. We found Elaine in Ludlow, MA, 01056.         Name   Elaine M Szlosek     Age   56     Locations   Ludlow, Massachusetts 01056   Estimated Networth Based On Census Data$25,000 - $49,999Estimated Household Income Based On Census Data$75,000 - $99,999Available Education InfoCompleted Graduate SchoolPossible OccupationProfessional/TechnicalDay Of Birth02Month Of BirthSeptemberYear Of Birth1960Presence Of Childrenage 16-17 male   Relatives   Arthur M, Edna A,  and Undina M SaloioFrederick T, Frederick T, Helen A, Philip A,  and Theresa C Szlosek     Telephone Number(s)   (413) 583-8533      View Record            Search Our Index of Common Last Names   abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz     



  




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Merger FAQs (WB Customers)






























							WB Login
						












Locations
 1-800-995-5734













Frequently Asked Questions

Who is Chicopee Savings Bank?
Chicopee Savings Bank was founded in 1854 and is a state-charted savings bank headquartered in Chicopee, Massachusetts. Chicopee Savings operates through its main office and seven branch offices located in Chicopee, Ludlow, West Springfield, South Hadley, and Ware and its lending and operations center in Chicopee. Chicopee Savings Bank’s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Deposit Insurance Fund of Massachusetts. Chicopee Bancorp, Inc., the parent company of Chicopee Savings Bank, is a Massachusetts-chartered stock holding company and is currently traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol, “CBNK.” To learn more about Chicopee Savings, please visit www.chicopeesavings.com.
 
Why are Chicopee Savings Bank and Westfield Bank merging?
Chicopee Savings Bank and Westfield Bank are strongly aligned with a similar business model that makes this partnership a great fit. We proudly share similar values, cultures and relationship-focused philosophies to help our customers achieve financial success while preserving the spirit of community banking. Our markets fit nicely together which will give customers the ability to transact business at numerous additional locations. The increasing bank size and corresponding economies of scale will make it much more cost effective to continue to provide new and improved products and services with higher lending limits to serve customers’ needs. Together we will be better positioned for the future and remain competitive for continued growth and success.

What are the terms of the merger?
Chicopee Savings Bank will merge into Westfield Bank, which will create an institution with approximately $2.1 billion in assets, $1.4 billion in loans, $1.4 billion in deposits, and $215 million in tangible capital. There will be 21 branch locations serving customers throughout western Massachusetts and northern Connecticut. The banks’ parent companies, Chicopee Bancorp, Inc. and Westfield Financial, Inc. agreed to combine and be renamed to Western New England Bancorp. The terms of the agreement, which have been approved by the Boards of Directors of both companies, is a 100% stock consideration, and Chicopee shareholders will be entitled to receive 2.425 shares of Westfield common stock for each share of Chicopee common stock. The merger is subject to approval by the shareholders of both companies, receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing approvals. The transaction is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2016. The merger will be extremely favorable for the shareholders, customers, employees and communities of both financial institutions.

What are the advantages of this transaction?
The combined company will have total assets of $2.1 billion with 21 branch locations serving customers throughout Western Massachusetts and Northern Connecticut. Together we will be able to leverage each institutions strengths, relationships and personnel. Westfield and Chicopee have highly compatible cultures with similar operating models, customer focus and strong service and community orientation. Westfield’s market presence west of the Connecticut River complements Chicopee’s footprint and focus east of the Connecticut River, and because there is virtually no branch overlap we are not expecting any branch closings. An enhanced branch network provides greater density in attractive markets with significant retail and commercial opportunities. Westfield’s presence in larger C&I lending complements Chicopee’s small business and commercial real estate focus. A higher lending limit, post-merger, creates a significant opportunity to service credits of greater size that neither institution would be able to service on their own. The combined institution will have a broader platform to cross-sell fee income opportunities, including mortgage banking and wealth management.

Will Chicopee Savings Bank change its name to Westfield Bank?
Yes. The most obvious change will be the new bank name – Westfield Bank. While a new name is a big change, most other things will remain the same—like where you bank and the bankers you know and trust. After the appropriate approvals and closing, we will begin the name change process to Westfield Bank. The two banks’ parent companies, Chicopee Bancorp, Inc. and Westfield Financial, Inc. will combine and be renamed to Western New England Bancorp with the NASDAQ trading symbol, “WNEB.”

When will this merger take place?
This announcement is just the first step in the process. The next step will involve seeking shareholder and regulatory approval. We project that the transaction will close during the 4th quarter of 2016. Until the transaction closes, the banks will continue to operate as separate organizations. In the meantime, it is “business as usual” and we will be working together on the plan to merge the two financial institutions to make it as seamless as possible for our customers.
 
Who will lead the new company?
James C. Hagan, Westfield Bank’s President and CEO will continue to lead the combined banks as President and CEO. Jim joined Westfield Bank in 1994 as a Vice President of Commercial Lending and became the Senior Vice President and Commercial Lending Manager in 1998. He became Westfield’s President in 2005 and President/CEO on December 31, 2008. Prior to joining Westfield Bank, Jim was a Commercial Lender and in various leadership roles at other area banks. He received a Bachelor of Science from Westfield State College and received a Master’s of Business Administration from American International College.
We are very pleased to announce that Bill Wagner will be serving on the executive management team of Westfield Bank and in a new role as Vice Chairman of Western New England Bancorp to ensure strong continuity and a seamless integration of the two companies.


How will the bank merger impact customers?
Until final approval and closing, customers will see minimal changes to their day-to-day banking. At this time, customers’ account numbers will stay the same, customers may continue to use the same accounts, checks and deposit slips, and ATM or debit cards. After the closing, given the similarities between the banks’ business models, we anticipate a smooth transition. In fact, we anticipate serving our customers even better with a more comprehensive scope of services from both banks. If there are any account changes, customers will receive written communications from us directly along with detailed instructions to ensure a smooth transition.
 
Will I continue to bank with the same branch manager I have now?
There will be no anticipated branch closings as a result of this merger. Customers will continue to be serviced by the same great staff at all Chicopee Savings Bank and Westfield Bank locations.

How will the merger affect FDIC insurance coverage?
Chicopee Savings Bank and Westfield Bank are both FDIC insured institutions. As a result of the merger, the deposits from Chicopee Savings Bank will be combined with the deposits at Westfield Bank. The combined balances will determine whether a depositor has exceeded the FDIC insurance limit. Deposits at Chicopee Savings Bank prior to the merger will generally receive separate insurance coverage for six months after the date of the closing. We will announce the specific dates as they become available. This grace period provides an opportunity to restructure accounts, if necessary, to ensure the accounts do not exceed the insurance threshold. Certificates of Deposit from Chicopee Savings Bank are generally separately insured until the earliest maturity date after the end of the six month grace period. If after the grace period customer deposits are greater than $250,000, one of our bankers will be pleased to meet with you and discuss how you can maximize your FDIC Insurance coverage.
 
How will the merger affect Depositor Insurance Fund (DIF) of Massachusetts insurance coverage?
Upon completion of the merger of Chicopee Savings Bank with and into Westfield Bank, the excess deposit insurance coverage provided by the DIF for Chicopee Savings Bank’s deposits will end. FDIC insurance coverage will continue for depositors of Chicopee Savings Bank upon the merger. One of our bankers will be pleased to meet with you and discuss how you can maximize your FDIC Insurance coverage.

Why will my DIF insurance coverage end once the merger is complete?
DIF is a private, industry-sponsored insurance fund available to Massachusetts-chartered savings banks. Since Westfield Bank has a federal charter, DIF is not available to its customers. Any questions in regards to FDIC and/or DIF insurance should be directed to a Branch or Call Center representative. 
Will there be any changes to my business or personal accounts?
You can expect to continue to bank just as you do today. As of the acquisition date, Westfield Bank will assume all deposit accounts of Chicopee Savings Bank. As our computer systems merge, we look forward to bringing you additional products and services to serve your financial needs. If there are any account changes, you will receive written communications directly from us along with detailed instructions to ensure a smooth transition.

What is going to happen to my branch and its employees?
There are no anticipated branch closings as a result of this merger. Although headquartered in the same county, there is no overlap in service areas; the merger is a good fit geographically for both banks as we continue to serve two distinct customer bases. The combined organization will have 21 branches – 19 in western Massachusetts and 2 in northern Connecticut. 
 
Will Chicopee customers be able to use the Westfield locations? Can I begin banking with Westfield Bank right away?
Following the systems conversion, which is expected to take place during the 4th quarter of 2016, Chicopee customers will be able to bank at Westfield locations and vice versa. Until the effective date of the system conversion, the two banks will continue to operate separately and “business as usual.” You should continue to visit your Westfield Bank branch or website. 

After the merger, will everything be centralized at Westfield Bank’s headquarters?
The combined headquarters will be Westfield Bank’s Corporate Office in Westfield, we plan on using all buildings.
 
What about my CBNK and WFD stock?
Upon the closing of the merger, Westfield Financial, Inc. will purchase all of the outstanding stock of Chicopee Bancorp, Inc. Chicopee shareholders will be entitled to receive 2.425 shares of Westfield common stock for each share of Chicopee common stock. Both entities will combine holding company operations under the new name of Western New England Bancorp and will trade on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol, “WNEB.”
Shareholders should not destroy or discard WFD or CBNK certificates. Each shareholder will receive complete instructions on how to return their existing certificate and obtain a WNEB certificate.

All questions regarding WFD stock certificates should be directed to:
Westfield Financial, Inc.                                                  
Leo R. Sagan, Jr.                                                                    
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer                         
413-568-1911                                                                        
Meghan Hibner                                                                                        
Vice President, Controller and  Investor Relations Officer
413-568-1911
All questions regarding CBNK stock certificates should be directed to:
Chicopee Bancorp, Inc.                                                       
Guida R. Sajdak                                                                      
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer                  
413-594-6692                                                                    
Theresa C. Szlosek
Corporate Secretary
413-594-6692
 
What does this mean for our communities?
As the largest community bank in Hampden County, the combined bank will continue to be here for the communities it serves. Both Chicopee Savings and Westfield Bank have a long history of community support through the Chicopee Savings Bank Charitable Foundation and Westfield Bank’s Future Fund.
 
Where can I find more information about Chicopee Savings Bank and Westfield Bank?
A joint press release that describes the transaction can be found under “News Releases” on Chicopee Savings Bank’s or Westfield Bank’s Investor Relations webpage at www.westfieldbank.com or www.chicopeesavingsbank.com.
 
If I have any questions about the transaction, who should I call?
> Questions related to Bank products and services:
Westfield Bank                                                        
Kevin C. O’Connor
Senior Vice President                
413-568-1911                                                           
Chicopee Savings Bank
William J. Wagner
President and CEO     
                                  
Guida R. Sajdak
Chief Financial Officer
413-594-6692
 
> Questions related to the Holding Company:
Westfield Financial, Inc.                                        
James C. Hagan, President and CEO                         
Leo R. Sagan, Jr., Chief Financial Officer                   
413-568-1911                                                                       
Chicopee Bancorp, Inc.
William J. Wagner, President and CEO
Guida R. Sajdak, Chief Financial Officer
413-594-6692
 
> All Media Calls should be directed to:
Westfield Financial, Inc.                                           
Kevin C. O’Connor
Senior Vice President                
413-564-2641                                                                         
Chicopee Bancorp, Inc.  
William J. Wagner
President and CEO 
413-594-6692      
 
> All questions regarding CBNK stock certificates should be directed to:
Chicopee Bancorp, Inc.                                           
Guida R. Sajdak                                                        
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer      
413-594-6692                                                            

Theresa C. Szlosek
Corporate Secretary
413-594-6692
 
> All questions regarding WFD stock certificates should be directed to:
Westfield Financial, Inc.                                        
Leo R. Sagan, Jr.                                                         
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer             
413-568-1911      
Meghan Hibner
Vice President, Controller and Investor Relations Officer                                                 
413-568-1911             








				Equal Housing Lender 
				 
				Member FDIC  |
Investor Relations |
Privacy Notice  |  413-568-1911 or 1-800-995-5734  |
 | Security | 
				Visa Notice



















Szlosek Theresa C - Western New England Bancorp Inc Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsSzlosek Theresa CWestern New England Bancorp Inc (WNEB)Corporate Secretary Not RankedSzlosek Theresa C's PerformanceSzlosek Theresa C has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Western New England Bancorp Inc (WNEB)$227KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesWestern New England Bancorp Inc (WNEB): Corporate SecretarySee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Szlosek Theresa C's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateWNEBWestern New England Bancorp IncCorporate Secretary$227,452Uninformative Buy(undisclosed)Nov 04, 2016Szlosek Theresa C has not reported any informative transactions for WNEB, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Nov 04, 2016 Uninformative Buy (undisclosed) 13,419 $7.853 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























