










 













 













 













 













 













 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















R.A.M. Engineering Project —  























 -----  SITE LINKS  -----






























R.A.M. Engineering Project








Tac Clamp LLC - Tactical Utility Clamp 








      Tac Clamp LLC was founded by a military veteran who had an idea while acting as crew chief of a Chinook helicopter. There was always an issue with storage and removal of bags and weapons during loading and unloading of the aircraft, especially at night and while under pressure. The Tactical Utility Clamp was created to allow for extreme versatility in location and placement within the aircraft while ensuring a secure hold. The quick release attachment loop allows for even quicker removal when the time calls. Project Image Gallery













































































































































































Project Video GalleryProject Case Study     This project was brought to R.A.M. after another designer could not meet the client's requirements and ultimately abandoned the project. This gave us a small starting point but it was ultimately an open book on how to make the clients idea truly work. It was decided that the design must allow for large scale manufacturing (1,000-10,000 units), targeting metal stamping and plastic injection molding for final components. The designs would also be used for a full utility patent targeting all major functions of the product.      First stage prototyping was all SLA plastic printed components to prove out function at the lowest costs. Early revisions incorporated external linkages which proved to be very strong and passed testing requirements. The prototype was tested to the breaking point and various components were modified and optimized during redesigns. Second stage prototyping included SLS nylon printed, waterjet and steel coated SLA plastic printed components, which allowed for increased function and strength. Again, the clamp was tested beyond its comfort zone and while still incorporating plastic printed parts proved to be very strong, even though we were finally able to break the lower jaw.      A final redesign was done at this point and the external linkages were transformed and pulled inside the body which decreased overall size and number of components on the BOM. The final prototyping stage was 90% stainless steel metal waterjet components with SLS nylon printed parts for the top pads, and proved to be extremely strong. During testing, it was found that the clamp produced a tremendous amount of internal pressure and, per design, transferred into the main slider bolt and lower plate causing deflection. A simple increase in bolt size, which also increases shear strength by a major factor, and double staking the lower plate gave us all the strength needed with only a small design change and no additional part numbers on the BOM. After minor marketing changes, adding logos and other aesthetic improvements the design was finalized and moved to production preparations.        Currently the Tactical Clamp by Tac Clamp LLC is being perused for licensing and manufacturing agreements. 

Last Project


Projects Home


Next Project















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Cable to Cable - TAC2Q1V - ERICO





















Electrical & Fastening Solutions








  United StatesChange


ProductsPrice ListsLibraryWhere to BuyPartnersContact Us











ClearFilter by ApplicationFacility Electrical ProtectionLightning ProtectionRailSolar PowerTelecomWind PowerUtilityBrowse By CategoryProductsERICO Electrical Grounding, Bonding and Connectivity ProductsERICO CADWELD Exothermic ConnectionsExothermic ConnectionsStandard MoldsCable to CableTAC2Q1V






Cable to Cable
TAC2Q1V



Details
Applications
Video
Documents
3D Models






PDF Version
ERICO CADWELD graphite molds are designed and engineered for thousands of connection styles and conductor combinations.
Features

Forms a permanent, low resistance connection
Provides a molecular bond
ERICO CADWELD Exothermic Connections are rated with the same current capacity as the conductor
Portable installation equipment with no external source of power required
Installers can be easily trained to make ERICO CADWELD Exothermic Connections
Connections can be visually inspected

Specifications


Part Number
TAC2Q1V


Mold Family
TA


Conductor 1
4/0 Concentric


Conductor 1 Outer Diameter, Nominal
0.528"


Conductor 2
#2 Concentric


Conductor 2 Outer Diameter, Nominal
0.292"


Split Crucible
No


Wear Plates
No


Mold Only
No


Welding Material
90 or 90PLUSF20, Sold Separately


Handle Clamp
L160, Sold Separately


Price Key
C


Ease of Use
Preferred


Certifications
cULus


Standard Packaging Quantity
1 pc


UPC
78285655338


EAN-13
8711893121872


For applications such as computer room, tunnel or other low-ventilation areas, specify a smokeless ERICO CADWELD EXOLON mold. Add an XL prefix to the standard mold part number when ordering (for example, a TAC2Q2Q becomes XLTAC2Q2Q). Similarly, ERICO CADWELD EXOLON welding material is also designated by the XL prefix (for example, 150 becomes XL150).
A gap between conductors may be required. See mold tag for more information.


      Pentair, CADDY, CADWELD, CRITEC, ERICO, ERIFLEX, ERITECH and LENTON are owned by Pentair or its global affiliates. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Pentair reserves the right to change specifications without prior notice.
    
UL, UR, cUL, cUR, cULus and cURus are registered certification marks of UL LLC.Warning
WARNING
      Pentair products shall be installed and used only as indicated in Pentair's product instruction sheets and training materials. Instruction sheets are available at www.erico.pentair.com and from your Pentair customer service representative. Improper installation, misuse, misapplication or other failure to completely follow Pentair's instructions and warnings may cause product malfunction, property damage, serious bodily injury and death and/or void your warranty.
    



Brochures
Blade Lightning Protection for Wind Turbines3.81 MB English
CADWELD Welded Electrical Connections Mold Reference Guide396 KB English
CADWELD Welded Electrical Connections Quick Reference Product Guide1.54 MB English
ERICO CADWELD Lightning Protection Connections519 KB English
Facility Electrical Protection for the 21st Century1.17 MB English
Wind Power Solutions1.95 MB English
Catalogs
CADWELD Welded Electrical Connections - Facility Electrical Protection837 KB English
ERICO Grounding, Bonding, and ERICO CADWELD Solutions Guide16.69 MB English
ERITECH CADWELD Welded Electrical Connections - Facility Electrical Protection2.68 MB English
Certifications
cUL KDER7.E220029CSA C22.2 No. 41
UL KDER.E220029ANSI/UL 467
Datasheets
ERITECH, CADWELD Welded Electrical Connections, Quick Reference Product Guide1.86 MB English




















About Us · Careers · News and Events · Privacy and Legal Statements   
                            © 2017 Pentair. All rights reserved.









Mobile Site
























Nordic 1.5″ Tac-rail For Bbl Clamp | Doug's Optics and Outdoors, LLC


















































 



























0Cart $0.00



 




0











Home » Firearm Parts/ Accessories » Parts » Rail » Nordic 1.5″ Tac-rail For Bbl Clamp



 


Nordic 1.5″ Tac-rail For Bbl Clamp$17.05$15.00

Nordic Components Tactical Rail For Nc Shotgun Barrel Clamp, Attaches To Clamp With Included Fastener Trl-bct-150 Product Type: Rail Finish/Color: Black Description: Picatinny Rail for Barrel Clamp Size: 1.5





Add to cart




        Add to Wishlist



Product added!

	            Browse Wishlist	        


The product is already in the wishlist!

	            Browse Wishlist	        





SKU: RRNCTRL-BCT-150
Categories: Firearm Parts/ Accessories, Parts, Rail





Description


Additional information


Reviews (0)



Description
Nordic Components Tactical Rail For Nc Shotgun Barrel Clamp, Attaches To Clamp With Included Fastener Trl-bct-150
Product Type: RailFinish/Color: BlackDescription: Picatinny Rail for Barrel ClampSize: 1.5


Additional information


Weight
0.13 lbs






Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “Nordic 1.5″ Tac-rail For Bbl Clamp” Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a review. 







Related products



 Add to Wishlist
 Added! View Wishlist
 The product is already in the wishlist! Browse Wishlist



Limbsaver Airtech Slipon Pad Med
$34.99$30.79
Add to cart


 Add to Wishlist
 Added! View Wishlist
 The product is already in the wishlist! Browse Wishlist



Mag Colt Gvt/gc/cc 9mm Stainless 9rd
$53.15$46.77
Add to cart


 Add to Wishlist
 Added! View Wishlist
 The product is already in the wishlist! Browse Wishlist



Magpul Pmag M3 5.56 Window 30rd Black
$19.11$16.82
Add to cart


 Add to Wishlist
 Added! View Wishlist
 The product is already in the wishlist! Browse Wishlist



Hogue Grp P239 Fg
$23.03$20.27
Add to cart






 

show blocks helper
















  In stock







Product categoriesBarrel/ Choke Tubes (974)
Bipods & Accessories (71)
Conversion Kits (13)
Forends (228)
Grips, Laser (68)
Grips, Standard (496)
Grips/Pads/Stocks (1864)
Gun Locks & Cables (12)
Magazines & Loaders (1564)
Parts (1401)
Recoil Pads (27)
Red Dots, Holographics & Accessories (18)
SBR Uppers (17)
Sights (248)
Sights/Lasers/Lights (611)
Slings & Swivels (157)
Slings/Swivels (245)
Stocks & Accessories (307)
Tactical (222)
Upper Receivers/Conv Kits (115)
Upper/Conv Kits-High Cap (6)
 










T-Slot Toe Clamps | Mitee-Bite Products LLC.
































  

 









800-543-3580







Home
Products
Media
News
Tradeshows
Testimonials
Reps
Career Opportunities
Company
Contact
Catalog
Scratch & Dent Sale!
Fixture Calculator
 
 



Mitee-Bite Products
is the innovator of compact,
            low-profile edge clamps geared towards improving productivity, capacity and providing solutions for difficult workholding applications.
(US & CANADA ONLY) | 800-543-3580 MITEEBITE@MITEEBITE.COM









Home > Products > T-Slots > T-Slot Toe Clamps

T-Slot Toe Clamps
Measurements Available: Inch, Metric





T-Slot Toe Clamps
This clamp is similar the Compact Toe Clamp, only it is designed to be used in the T-slots of machine tables. It provides 4,000 lbs. (17800 N) positive down force while maintaining a low profile. The hardened steel clamping element has both a smooth surface for machined workpieces and a serrated clamping surface for rougher work.
 








 
Replacement Parts




Cam Screw
Square Washer


INCH
10372
21016


METRIC
50372
51016



 




Inch



A
B
C
D
E
F1
F2
Max Torque
Ft/Lbs
Holding Force
Lbs


1.94
1.12
.62
1.00
.38
1.00
.875
65
4,000



F1 – The distance from the top of the back of the washer to the bottom of the clamp body.
F2 – The distance from the top of the front of the washer to the bottom of the clamp body.
Torque mounting bolt to 110 ft. lbs.



Part Number

T-Slot
Size


24000

No T-Nut or
Mtg. Screw


24128
CAD
9/16


24148
CAD
5/8


24168
CAD
11/16


24188
CAD
3/4



 





Metric



A
B
C
D
E
F1
F2
Torque
(N.m.)
Holding Force
(N.)


50
28.5
15.7
25.4
9.6
25.4
22.2
88.00
17800



F1 – The distance from the top of the back of the washer to the bottom of the clamp body.
F2 – The distance from the top of the front of the washer to the bottom of the clamp body.
Torque mounting bolt to 150 N.m.



Part Number

T-Slot
Size


54014
CAD
14


54016
CAD
16


54018
CAD
18


54000

No T-Nut or
Mtg. Screw



 






Have a technical question about our products? Ask our engineers!












Name (required)
 


Email (required)
 


Question
 
Please leave this field empty.











View Our Catalog


Latest News

XYZ Press Fit Pins now available in 12L14  NEW LOC-JAW COMBO-EDGE GRIPPERS  Made in the USA Contest!  FIFTY YEARS IN THE MAKING FORD WINS POLE  AND LM GTE PRO CLASS AT LE MANS!  

Featured Product
Modular XYZ Xpansion™ Pins
Tall Vise Jaw System
Quick Change Receiver and Blank Pallet
Loc-Down® System
Loc-Jaw® System









Home
Products
Media
News
Tradeshows
Testimonials
Reps
Career Opportunities
Company
Contact
Catalog
Scratch & Dent Sale!
Fixture Calculator
 
©2017 COPYRIGHT ALL RIGHTS RESERVED  |  PRIVACY POLICY   | REP AREA











Please wait...


Subscribe to our Product of the Month
Want to be notified when our Product of the Month is published? Enter your email address and name below to be the first to know! If you are already a subscriber please close this window.















Don't Worry ! You will not be spammed














Social media & sharing icons  powered by UltimatelySocial 
















