


Hong Kong Business Directory



























Please verify before continuing.










Information generated in 0.001 seconds

 
 


















 




	IFLR - International Financial Law Review
















































 























Search


Welcome, guest!
Subscribe
Register
Login





Home


Banking


Lending


Project finance


Islamic finance


Archive


Jurisdiction analysis




Regulatory


Bank capital


Americas


Asia Pacific


EU


MEA


Archive


Jurisdiction analysis




Corporate


Funds


M&A


Restructuring


Archive


Jurisdiction analysis




Capital markets


Structured finance


Equity


Debt


Archive


Jurisdiction analysis




Magazine


Archive


Awards and polls


Supplements




Resources


IFLR 1000


Supplements


Conference newspapers




Events


Conferences


Awards


Web seminars




About us


Contact us


Media pack 


Editorial calendar




Training














IFLR Asia Capital Markets Forum 2014- Speakers




Tweet















December 4 2014 | JW Marriott Hotel Hong Kong








Eric Pan



associate director – office of international affairsU.S. Securities and Exchange CommissionEric J. Pan is currently serving as the Associate Director of the Office of International Affairs of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, DC where he oversees the development of international regulatory policy for the Commission. He is also a recipient of the SEC’s Law and Policy Award for his work on implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
Before joining the SEC, Mr. Pan was the Director of The Samuel and Ronnie Heyman Center on Corporate Governance. He also served as an Associate Fellow in the International Economics and International Law Programmes of the Royal Institute of International Affairs (Chatham House) in London and directed the Chatham House City Series.
Mr. Pan previously practiced corporate, securities and international law in the Washington, DC office of the international law firm Covington & Burling. He is a member of The American Law Institute, an editorial board member of the Journal of Regulation in Paris and an advisory board member of the Centre for Financial Regulation and Economic Development in Hong Kong. He received his J.D. from Harvard Law School, M.Sc. from the University of Edinburgh, and A.B. from Harvard College.



Ashok K. Lalwani



partnerBaker & McKenzieAshok K. Lalwani is the Head of the International Capital Markets Group, Asia Pacific including the US Securities Practice Group, and is the Chair of the Firm's India practice. He is recognised as a leading lawyer by legal directories such as Chambers Asia Pacific and IFLR1000. Ashok specialises in public and private international securities offerings and cross-border mergers and acquisitions, including the representation of non-US based companies in transactions involving United States federal securities laws. His practice also includes the representation of issuers and underwriters in public and private securities offerings in the United States and abroad. Additionally, Ashok has more than close to 20 years of experience handling Indian transactions — both inbound and outbound — for clients in various industries.



Anthony Correa



head of AsiaTaconic Capital AdvisorsAnthony Correa is the Head of Asia for Taconic Capital Advisors focused on Asian distressed, merger arbitrage and event driven investing. He is based in Hong Kong. Prior to joining Taconic, Mr. Correa co-founded Black’s Link Capital, a Hong Kong-based event driven hedge fund focused on Asian opportunities. Previously, he worked at Polygon Investment Partners where he led Polygon’s Hong Kong based Asian merger arbitrage and event driven investing team. Mr. Correa was also a senior trader at Nomura International in the Asset Investment Group and a senior manager at Price Waterhouse in the Corporate Finance and Recovery Group. Mr. Correa is a qualified Chartered Accountant (Australia) and received a Bachelor of Business from Royal Melbourne University of Technology in 1989. He has been involved in Asian distressed and special situations as both an investor and advisor for 25 years.



Bin ZHANG



managing directorChina Investment Information ServicesMr. Bin Zhang now is the Managing Director of China Investment Information Services Ltd., which is a Hong Kong based company wholly owned by Shanghai Stock Exchange; and the Director of China Exchanges Services Ltd, which is a joint venture of Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Exchanges. 



Damien Coles



partnerKirkland & Ellis
Damien Coles is a restructuring partner in the Hong Kong office of Kirkland & Ellis.Damien’s practice focuses on special situations financings, distressed acquisitions, restructuring and insolvency. He has extensive experience advising on cross-border investments, restructurings and insolvency proceedings throughout Asia, with a focus on Indonesia, India and Thailand. Damien has particularly deep experience representing international investors in connection with special situations transactions and restructurings involving Indonesia and has worked on virtually every major Indonesian restructuring in recent years.Damien was identified as a leading lawyer for Restructuring and Insolvency in Chambers Asia 2013 and IFLR Asia 2013.



Dan Kuhnel



directorEuroclear
Dan Kuhnel, Director, is a senior executive in the Primary Market Relationship Management group within Euroclear’s Commercial Division. He relocated to Euroclear Bank’s Hong Kong office from 1 April 2011. He is responsible for managing relationships with issuers, lead managers, law firms, issuing and paying agents, and various primary-market related associations. In this role, Mr. Kuhnel supports all aspects of Euroclear's business by promoting standardisation, improving efficiencies and information flows related to primary-market activities.Mr. Kuhnel took up this position in April 2005, having previously spent 11+ years working for Clearstream Banking Luxembourg – based in London England, where he was Senior Business Manager for New Issues and issuance products as well as managing the New Issues operations desk in London UK. Prior to this, he was stationed in Toronto Canada, working for Burns Fry Ltd, where he was in charge of New Issues operations.Over the years, Mr. Kuhnel has been involved with a number of market associations; he served as Chairman of the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) Service Bureau between 2001 and 2004, and has been the Chairman of the Executive Board of ANNA since 2005. Furthermore, he is currently involved in the FSB PSPG discussion on the introduction of a global Legal Entity Identifier, and works with Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), Asia Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (ASIFMA) – both of which are under the umbrella of the Global Financial Markets Association (GFMA), International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and International Capital Markets Services Association (ICMSA).Mr. Kuhnel holds a Bachelors degree in Economics from McMaster University in Ontario, Canada.



Dan Swift



managing director- IBDGoldman SachsDan is co-head of the Investment Banking Division’s Corporate Advisory Group in Asia Pacific Ex-Japan. He serves as chairman of the Asia Standards Committee, chief operating officer of the Asia Pacific Commitments Committee and is a member of the Asia Pacific Capital Committee. Dan joined Goldman Sachs in 1997 in the Technology, Media and Telecom (TMT) Group in New York and later worked in Singapore and Beijing, where he was co-head of TMT for Asia Pacific Ex-Japan from 2005 to 2010. He was named managing director in 2005.Dan earned a BFA from Washington University and an MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management.



David Donald



professorThe Chinese University of Hong Kong
David C. Donald is a Professor in the Law Faculty of The Chinese University of Hong Kong. David previously taught at the Institute for Law and Finance of the University of Frankfurt, Germany and worked as a commercial lawyer in the US and Europe. His publications include A Financial Centre for Two Empires: Hong Kong’s Corporate, Securities and Tax Laws in its Transition from Britain to China (Cambridge University Press, 2014) and The Hong Kong Stock and Futures Exchanges – Law and Microstructure (Thomson, Sweet & Maxwell 2012). He is participating with scholars from other universities on a Hong Kong Research Grants Council funded project, “Enhancing the Future of Hong Kong as a Leading International Financial Centre.” David is currently a member of Hong Kong’s Standing Committee for Company Law Reform and its Financial Policy Research Committee.



Gero Schreiber



head of banking and finance law department- Asia & AustraliaSiemensGero Schreiber heads the banking and finance law department of Siemens for the region of Asia-Australia. In this role, he is responsible for all finance-related legal and compliance matters of the Siemens group of companies, including its financing arms Siemens Bank and Siemens Financial Services. Prior to joining Siemens, Gero worked as a corporate and finance lawyer for major international law firms in London and Germany. He earned law degrees from universities in England, Germany and France and is qualified to practice law in England and Germany.




Gordon Ng



partnerDentons
Gordon Ng is a corporate partner in Denton’s Hong Kong office and a member of the Dentons Global Capital Markets Leadership Group. Gordon’s practice focuses on corporate transactions, including capital markets transactions such as initial public offerings and mergers and acquisitions such as listed companies' takeovers. He has experience in a wide range of general commercial and corporate finance transactions, including advising on legislation, compliance and regulatory work; corporate restructuring; advising clients under investigation by regulatory bodies such as the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong; acquisitions and disposals of shares of private companies; sale and purchase of assets and businesses; due diligence; joint ventures; agency and distribution arrangements and general commercial advice; listing companies on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange; general corporate finance matters and takeover of listed companies. Gordon advised GCL-Poly Energy Holdings Limited on its US$3.2 billion acquisition of Jiangsu Zhongneng Polysilicon Technology Development Co., Ltd., the 2009 M&A deal of the year named by ALB China, and more recently, he advised on the US$279 million takeover by Medtronic of LifeTech Scientific Corporation. He is one of the few practitioners in Hong Kong who has assisted mining companies to list on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange using Chapter 18 listing rules, and the has advised a PRC hospital management company to be the first of such type of companies to list in Hong Kong with an innovative IOT structure. Gordon also lectures regularly on a variety of subjects including corporate acquisitions and the listing of companies on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the GEM Board.
Prior to joining Dentons, Gordon was managing partner of Hogan & Hartson Hong Kong office and a partner of O'Melveny & Myers Hong Kong office.




Jay Lee



partnerSimmons & SimmonsJay is experienced in advising banks and corporations on a wide variety of debt capital markets transactions (RMB bonds, G-3 bonds, equity-linked products, high yield bonds, asset backed securities and structured finances, MTNs, local currency bonds, and loan syndications). Jay also advises on structured debt products and derivatives transactions as well as mergers and acquisitions, asset management and other general corporate and finance matters.Jay joined Simmons & Simmons as a debt capital markets partner based in Hong Kong in 2012.Prior to joining Simmons & Simmons, he worked for Standard Chartered Bank as Head of DCM Legal – North East Asia where he was responsible for capital markets legal and documentation areas in China, Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan and Japan. Before this, Jay worked for Citigroup Investment & Banking as Head of Legal at Citibank Korea. Jay has also worked for law firms in both Korea and New York.He is fluent in English, Chinese and Korean, and speaks Japanese at an intermediate level.



Guangqin WEI



partnerDentonsGuangqin Wei is a Capital Markets partner resident in Dentons' Hong Kong office.Mr. Wei concentrates his practice in corporate finance and securities laws. He has represented both issuers and underwriters in a variety of corporate financing transactions, including initial public offerings; high-yield, investment-grade and convertible bond offerings; and cross-border financings, as well as debt restructurings. He also advises clients on securities law and corporate governance matters.Mr. Wei worked in Fried Frank's New York and Hong Kong offices for eight years prior to joining the firm. In addition, he served as an Associate Advisor to the Strategic Planning and Development Committee of the China Securities Regulatory Commission from July 2009 to October 2010, and was seconded to the Legal and Compliance Department of China Investment Corporation from April 2012 to August 2012.



Ivan Chung



senior vice presidentMoody'sIvan Chung is a Senior Vice President in Moody’s Investors Service’s Asia Pacific Regional Management Group. He heads the Credit Research and Analysis under Moody’s Greater China Strategy.He leads his team in the analysis of evolving credit trends in China and assessment of Chinese issuers, as well as the development of research publications, and issuer, intermediary and general market outreach for Greater China and the Asia Pacific.Ivan also plays a key role in developing Moody’s initiatives and analytical frameworks for offshore RMB (dim sum) bonds, and contributes to the analysis of Chinese regional and local government.Ivan has held senior analytical positions both in Moody’s Corporate Finance Group and Project and Infrastructure Finance Group, covering key state-owned enterprises in various industries, utilities, transportation and infrastructure. 
Before rejoining Moody’s in 2006, he held executive positions in the credit rating and banking industries. Ivan holds a BBA from The Chinese University of Hong Kong and an MA from City University of Hong Kong. He is also a CFA charterholder.



Jiaxin ZHOU



executive director- legal departmentCICC
Jiaxing Zhou is an Executive Director in the Legal Department of China International Capital Corporation Hong Kong Limited. He is the head of Investment Banking Legal Team and is based in Hong Kong. In his present role, Jiaxing and his team support the Investment Banking and Private Equity Divisions of CICC outside Mainland China, covering Equity Capital Markets, Debt Capital Markets, M&A Advisory and Private Equity business. He has 17 years of experience advising on capital markets, corporate transactions and dispute resolutions in China, London and Hong Kong. Prior to joining CICC, Jiaxing worked in an international law firm in Hong Kong.Jiaxing holds an LLM from Southampton University. He is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong, England and Wales and China.



Jonathan Barkey



senior vice president and counselCitigroup
Jonathan Barkey is a Senior Vice President and Counsel for Global Banking and Cap Markets Origination at Citigroup in Hong Kong. He and his team support the group’s investment banking functions, including debt and equity capital markets and M&A, as well as loans and transaction services. Jonathan has over ten years of experience advising on capital markets and US securities law matters in the US, UK and Hong Kong and is a member of The State Bar of California. Prior to joining Citigroup in 2010, Jonathan was an associate at Herbert Smith in London and Hong Kong, and at Quinn Emanuel in Los Angeles prior to that.



Jonathan Hatch



managing directorMadison Pacific Group
Jonathan Hatch is Managing Director of Madison Pacific Group, a leading independent trustee, escrow agent and asset manager, specializing in private and distressed investments, restructurings and other special situations.Jonathan has significant insolvency, distress and acquisition experience from a legal, investment and restructuring perspective with over 17 years based in Hong Kong, Singapore, Shanghai and Taiwan.Jonathan was most recently an Executive Director for Goldman Sachs investment fund Liberty Harbor and before that, Chief Operating Officer, Asia for Amaranth Advisors.He has served on the Board of Directors of funds and companies domiciled in Mauritius, BVI, Taiwan, Singapore and Hong Kong. Jonathan was also a practicing lawyer for seven years, specializing in insolvency and M&A transactions for corporate and investor clients with Cleary Gottlieb, based primarily in Hong Kong.Jonathan received his Juris Doctorate from the University of Chicago in 1998 and a degree in International Development Economics from Georgetown University’s School of Foreign Service in 1990. He speaks English and Mandarin.



Kapil Kirpalani



vice president- legal and compliance officer HarbourVestKapil Kirpalani joined HarbourVest in 2014, with responsibility for the Firm’s Asia compliance program and assisting with legal and compliance matters relating to the Firm’s global operations and products.He joined HarbourVest from Ortus Capital Management, where he served as Legal Counsel and was a member of the Management Committee. He advised largely on issues related to the US Investment Advisers Act and CFTC rules, EU regulatory issues, ISDA, clearing house and general swap rules, and enhanced policies on SFC compliance.Prior to this, Kapil spent over six years at Pacific Harbor Capital (a Citigroup affiliate) where he helped build a substantial Asian debt trading and investment business with several billion dollars invested. Kapil was Director, Legal and Chief Compliance Officer, and his practice focused primarily on investment funds, secured trade and bridge finance, and acquisition financing. He also helped develop key risk management controls for the firm across eight regional offices. Earlier, he served as a Court Marshall for the late Hon. Mr. Justice Gall in the High Court of Hong Kong before moving into private practice, gaining experience in various areas of corporate activity.Kapil holds an LL.B. in Law from the University of Durham, an LL.M. in Corporate Law from Nottingham Law School and has completed further studies at the London School of Economics (LSE) and Judge Business School, University of Cambridge.




Mario Ignacio Artaza



chief representativeBanco SecurityMario Ignacio Artaza is the Chief Representative of the only representative office of a Chilean Bank in Hong Kong, Banco Security智定銀行. Studied Journalism in Chile’s Pontificia Universidad Católica and a Master Degree in International Relations at the Universidad de Chile. After graduating from the Andrés Bello Diplomatic Academy, he was part of the Chile-Canada Free Trade Agreement negotiation team. Posted to Singapore between 1997-2002, where he was seconded to the APEC Secretariat. He was a member of the core team responsible for the substantive agenda of the APEC Chile 2004 Year. Served as Director of the Commercial Office of Chile´s Embassy in Beijing from 2005-2010, coordinating the negotiation and implementation of the Chile-China FTA. Head of the Asia and Oceania Department in the General Directorate for International Economic Relations (FTA negotiation process with Malaysia, Vietnam and Trans Pacific Partnership process), before being posted as Consul General of Chile in Hong Kong between 2010 and 2014, where he coordinated the negotiation of the Chile-Hong Kong, China FTA.



Michael Duignan



senior director- corporate finance divisionSFCMike Duignan has had a variety of roles within the regulatory spectrum. He worked at Special Compliance Office in the UK Inland Revenue before going to HM Treasury and advising Ministers on policy relating to exchanges and securities. He joined UK FSA in 2000 as Primary Markets Policy Manager where he had responsibility for Listing Rules policy and negotiated the Prospectus Directive in European Council on behalf of the UK, whilst working on various other European Directives. He chaired one of the CESR (now known as the European Securities and Markets Authority) groups advising the European Commission. He started at the Irish Stock Exchange in September 2008 as Head of Market Supervision, which was an interesting time in Irish markets. In 2012 he became a Director at the Malta FSA and was responsible for supervision of firms, funds and trustees, and all securities and markets issues. He joined SFC in February 2014 as a Senior Director in Corporate Finance Division responsible for the Corporate Regulation Team.



Mina Park



director, banking and capital markets origination legal- Asia PacificCiti
Mina Park is a director and deputy general counsel at Citi, focusing on equity and debt capital markets, mergers & acquisitions advisory and investment banking. She joined Citi in 2007, first in London and relocated to Hong Kong in 2010. In her current role, Mina covers the Asia-Pacific region, ex-Japan and Australia. Prior to joining Citi, Mina was an associate at Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton in New York and London.Mina is a graduate of New York University School of Law and received her B.A. from Harvard University. She is a member of the New York Bar.



Mushtaq Kapasi



chief representative - Asia PacificICMA
Mushtaq Kapasi was appointed in 2013 to lead ICMA’s work in Asia Pacific and to run its Asia Pacific Representative Office in Hong Kong. He has been based in Hong Kong since 2002, engaged in senior strategy, capital market and legal roles at international banks active in Asia.



Neil Atkinson



managing director, Asia Pacific head of depository receiptsBNY Mellon
Neil Atkinson, Managing Director, is Head of BNY Mellon’s Depositary Receipts business in Asia Pacific. Neil has been based in Hong Kong since 2011 where he was previously Head of Product Development & Strategy for BNY Mellon’s Depositary Receipts business.He joined BNY Mellon’s London office in 2006 and has over 20 years’ experience in the financial services industry including asset management, banking and clearing and settlement.Neil is a member of BNY Mellon’s Asia Pacific Executive Committee, Depositary Receipts’ Senior Management Team, a Chartered Member of the Chartered Institute for Securities & Investment and a member of the Hong Kong Securities Institute.



Neil McDonald



partnerKirkland & Ellis
Neil McDonald is a restructuring partner in the Hong Kong office of Kirkland & Ellis. He has been involved in a wide range of matters in Asia in respect to the restructuring and insolvency of distressed companies. Neil acts for financial institutions, insolvency appointment holders, turnaround management firms, hedge funds and private equity firms.Neil advises clients on all aspects of financial distress including consensual workouts, shareholder disputes, liquidations, receivership’s and other enforcement options including litigation. He also advises clients on the proprietary acquisition of distressed businesses and assets.Neil is widely recognised as a leading lawyer for Restructuring and Insolvency by The Legal 500 Asia Pacific, Chambers Asia-Pacific, IFLR1000 and PLC Which Lawyer? guide book.



Nick Ronalds



managing directorASIFMA
Nick Ronalds is Managing Director of ASIFMA’s Equity Division and works closely with ASIFMA’s Equity Committee to address all ASIFMA initiatives involving equity markets and products in Asia.Nick joined ASIFMA from consultancy RhoFinancial where he worked with clients seeking to develop their presence in Asia’s exchange-traded derivatives markets. One project at RhoFinancial was to create the Asian affiliate for the Futures Industry Association, FIA Asia, and to lead it to become the leading voice for the exchange-traded derivatives industry in the Asian region.Prior to RhoFinancial Nick held roles in the industry such as Managing Director of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange’s (CME) Asia office and Senior Vice President, Global Markets for exchange-traded derivatives at ABN AMRO Securities. In his role heading CME’s Asia office he negotiated with Japan’s Ministry of Finance for approval of GLOBEX, the first-ever offshore electronic trading system permitted in Japan. He began his career in the product development division of the CME and subsequently as Chicago Operations Manager of the CME Clearing House. Nick is a CFA Charter holder and has written articles for publications ranging from International Financing Review and Futures Magazine to Nihon Shoken Shimbun and Caixin. He co-authored the Chapter on Chinese futures markets for The Intelligent Commodity Investor (Risk Books, 2007). Fluent in French and German and conversational in Japanese, Nick has a Masters degree in International Affairs from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University.



Pius Chong



managing director - head of transaction management, capital financing Asia PacificHSBC
Pius Chong is Managing Director and Head of Transaction Management Capital Financing for Asia-Pacific. He leads an award winning team that manages the transaction management aspects of capital financing transactions, including international and domestic equity and debt capital markets, project and export finance, leveraged and acquisition finance, asset and structured finance that HSBC arranges in the Asia-Pacific region covering conventional and Islamic financing.Pius is the co-chairman of the credit markets committee of the Asia Securities Industry & Financial Markets Association (ASIFMA) and co-convenor of the Asia Pacific Structured Finance Association (APSA). HE chairs the documentation committee of the Asia Pacific Loan Markets Association (APLMA). He is the convenor of the working group on the development of Islamic Finance in Hong Kong for the Treasury Market Association (TMA).



Pru Bennett



director – head of corporate governance and responsible investment teamBlackRockPru Bennett leads BlackRock’s Corporate Governance and Responsible Investment Team for the Asia Pacific Region and is based in Hong Kong.Pru manages BlackRock’s proxy voting activities in the Asia Pacific region. She leads BlackRock’s corporate engagement activities in the region, engaging with companies on governance, social, ethical and environmental issues and contributes to the development of BlackRock’s corporate governance policies.Pru joined BlackRock as a Director in August 2010. Previously Pru was head of Corporate Governance at institutional advisor Regnan Governance and Research. From 1998, Pru was a director of Australian proxy advisor Corporate Governance International, which was acquired by Glass Lewis & Co in 2006 (now known as CGI Glass Lewis). Prior to working in the area of corporate governance, Pru was Investor Relations Manager for Qantas Airways Limited.
Pru has a BCom from the University of New South Wales and is a member of the Australian Institute of Chartered Accountants.



Romnesh Lamba



head of market developmentHKExMr Lamba is the Co-Head of the Global Markets Division at HKEx Group which includes all trading, market data, strategy, product and business development, and issuer and client marketing activities across the Equity, Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities asset classes. Global Markets also include the Mainland Development team and China Exchange Services Company Limited, HKEx’s joint venture with the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges. Mr Lamba runs Global Markets alongside his co-head Garry Jones, the Chief Executive of the London Metal Exchange.Mr Lamba is also the Chief Executive of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Hong Kong Futures Exchange Limited, as well as a member of the HKEx Management Committee and a Board Director of the London Metal Exchange and LME Clear.Mr Lamba has 28 years of experience in the financial services industry. Before joining HKEx, Mr Lamba held senior positions at JP Morgan’s and Merrill Lynch’s Asian Investment Banking groups. He worked in the US for nine years before moving to Hong Kong in 1994. Mr Lamba holds Master of Business Administration and Bachelor of Science in Economics degrees from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in the US.



Ronald Cheung



head of HK and China sales\UBS
Ronald is currently the Head of HK and China Sales, responsible for institutional clients coverage in both HK/China and A share markets. He has extensive experience in the Greater China markets, with more than 15 years in the industry. Prior to UBS, he spent 2 years with the M&A division in the Investment banking department of Merrill Lynch, New York as financial analyst.Ronald completed his Bachelor of Sc. Degree at the University of Pennsylvania, in the Huntsman International Studies and Business program, double majoring in Business (Finance and Accounting concentrations in the Wharton School of Business) and International Studies.Ronald is a CFA holder.



Stephen Monick



global corporate and investment banking counsel – legal departmentMerrill Lynch (Asia Pacific)



Tony Tan



head of standards and financial market integ­rity division – Asia PacificCFA Institute
Tony TAN is head of the Standards and Financial Market Integrity division for CFA Institute for the Asia Pacific region. He is responsible for leading CFA Institute efforts in advocacy, policy development, and regulatory outreach in APAC.Dr. Tan has worked over 20 years in the international financial markets. During that period, he was involved in financing projects in the oil and gas industry, advised central banks and developmental financial institutions on risk management issues, and ran a global capital markets trading operation.Prior to joining CFA Institute, Dr. Tan had an adjunct role with INSEAD, Singapore Management University, and Nanyang Technological University in Singapore and taught in the areas of ethics and corporate governance. He was also an active volunteer with the Institute as a member of their Capital Markets Policy Council.Dr. Tan received his doctorate from the University of Western Australia. Additionally, he holds a Master of Research degree from the same university and a Master of Science in Financial Economics degree from the University of London. He is also a CFA charterholder.



Tracy Kung



director, transaction management, debt capital markets - Asia PacificHSBCTracy Kung is a Director, Transaction Management, Debt Capital Markets for Asia Pacific at HSBC with responsibility for the execution of bond transactions in Asia Pacific. She has been involved in numerous landmark bond transactions in the region. Having previously worked in London and Shanghai, Tracy has substantial experience in a wide range of debt financing transactions - international offerings, private financings, equity-linked securities and structured finance. She is a member of the ASIFMA.



Yongkai Wong



managing director and head of legal & complianceCITIC CapitalYong Kai Wong is the Head of Legal and Compliance and is also the Company Secretary. He is responsible for overall legal and execution coverage for CITIC Capital’s investment activities, as well as all aspects of CITIC Capital’s general corporate, company secretarial and legal functions.Mr. Wong has over 10 years of experience in alternative investments with broad experience across US, Europe and Asia Pacific in a whole range of transactions ranging from complex debt financings/restructurings, capital markets, structured/securitised products, corporate M&A transactions including corporate real estate/special situations, private equity and hedge fund formations. Prior to joining CITIC Capital, he worked as the Associate General Counsel for APG Asset Management Asia, one of the world’s largest institutional investors with an AUM over EUR300billion under management. Prior to that, he has worked in various reputable international law firms in the U.S., London, Hong Kong and Singapore.Mr. Wong has dual qualifications in law and finance. He holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and an LL.M. (First Class Honors) from the University of Cambridge.



Yongmei Cai



managing director and head of legal & complianceCITIC Capital
Yongmei specialises in banking, cross-border finance, derivatives, debt capital markets and financial regulatory work. She has more than 18 years’ experience of advising major international and local financial institutions, commercial corporations and equity investors on corporate finance, commodity and trade finance, project finance, acquisition and leverage finance, mergers and acquisitions, syndicated lending, debt and corporate restructurings, compliance, structured finance, derivatives and structured products.In recent years, when assisting international finance institutions, she has focused on cross-border structured trade and commodities finance transactions. Extremely knowledgeable and experienced on 1) security on PRC assets; and 2)PRC commodity and foreign exchange regulatory issues, her team has won top team reputation in advising clients on China related cross-border transactions by combing its experience on international STCF business standards with PRC local laws and regulations.Throughout her finance practice, she also has been assisting major Chinese finance institutions and corporate clients in their outbound financing and investments. She has been actively involved in RMB internationalization development.



Yulanda Tang



senior managerPwCYulanda Tang is a Senior Manager at PwC focusing on the US capital market. Yulanda has over 10 years of experience advising existing issuers as well as pre-IPO companies on US GAAP/IFRS and SEC technical accounting topics. Yulanda has worked in Vancouver, Philadelphia, China and is currently based in Hong Kong. Yulanda was educated in Canada and is a Certified Public Accountant in the US, Chartered Accountant in Canada and a CFA charterholder.

 
In association with:

Supported by:                          Sponsored by:                 
Media Partner:








The magazine

July/August 2017

How to win at M&A
Closing M&A deals is getting harder as protectionism and antitrust oversight grows. Voluntary filings and building regulatory rapport may be the solution

International briefings


Switzerland: Automatic exchange of information


Vietnam: Notable changes introduced by the draft competition law


US updates: CFTC recordkeeping, Treasury's core principles and more







IFLR
Follow us













								IFLR is polling broker dealer's views on the #fiduciaryrule -in association with @MoFoLLP take the poll now @… https://t.co/FIE6vXsCe5


Jul 28 2017 05:23 · 
								reply · 
								retweet · 
								favourite













								RT @johncrabb_4: The CFPB's new rule has met with a mixed response, read my coverage here for @IFLR_online here: https://t.co/RzqOVB6ilx @M…
							

Jul 28 2017 05:19 · 
								reply · 
								retweet · 
								favourite













								IFLR is polling in-house lawyers and bankers on the future of European bank resolution. Take the survey now… https://t.co/hbGHLAUcnH


Jul 28 2017 01:30 · 
								reply · 
								retweet · 
								favourite














 


Quick Poll



What are the biggest Asia-related Mifid II concerns



Divergent data protection laws 





Lack of trading equivalence 





Low adoption of legal entity identifiers 





Unbundling of research costs from trading fees  





Other







  Women in Business Law Group    IFLR's Wibl networking group provides a platform for inclusive debate around fostering female talent in the profession.  Visit its LinkedIn page to find out more, and IFLR's awards page for details on the annual ceremonies. 


Supplements


Dispute resolution Special Focus


Turkey Special Focus


Insolvency and Corporate Reorganisation Report 2017


Asia Fintech Special Focus


Philippines Special Focus












Back to top ^


About IFLR

About us
Contact us
Subscribe
Free trial
Media pack
Editorial calendar
FAQs
Advertising Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Cookies
Site map



IFLR Sections

Banking
Regulatory
Capital markets
Corporate
IFLR Magazine



My IFLR

My account
Password reminder
Renew subscription
Saved searches
My clippings
LinkedIn
Twitter
RSS feeds



Recommended links

Asialaw
IFLR 1000
International Tax Review




				Change font size: a a a



				The material on this site is for financial institutions, professional investors and their professional advisers. It is for information only. Please read our terms and conditions and privacy policy before using the site. All material subject to strictly enforced copyright laws. © 2016 Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC. For help please see our FAQ.



				v 1.0.134






Register today to read IFLR's global coverage









Get unlimited access to IFLR.com for 7 days*, including the latest regulatory developments in the global financial sector, updated daily.

Deal Analysis
Expert Opinion
Best Practice
*all IFLR's global coverage published in the last 3 months.









Read IFLR's global coverage whenever and wherever you want for 7 days with IFLR mobile app for iPad and iPhone
"The format of the Review has changed over the years; the high quality of its substantive content has not."
Lee C Buchheit, Cleary Gottlieb 




















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software









Officers: Taconic Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited








Webb-site Who's Who
Database








Menu

log in

search











































Home
Webb-site Reports
User

Log in
Sign up
Forgot password


Contact
Tell a Friend!





Taconic Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited

Key DataOfficersOverlapsSFC licenses



All ranksMain board summaryLicense statsLicensees
SFC web



Hide history
Show history
FAQ






		Take me back: 


		Activity type: 
		
All
Advising on corporate finance
Advising on futures contracts
Advising on securities
Asset management
Automated trading services
Credit rating services
Dealing in futures contracts
Dealing in securities
Leveraged foreign exchange trading
Securities margin financing








SFC licensees
RO=Responsible Officer, Rep=Representative



Name
Age in2017
⚥
Role
From
Until


1
Chan, Tsz Lung 陳子龍


Rep
2015-05-19



2
Cheng, Jonathan Chung Shing 鄭中誠

M
Rep
2012-06-19



3
Correa, Anthony Francis 

M
RO
2012-06-18



4
Delong, Christopher Lord 

M
RO
2014-09-03



5
Fung, Jenny Lan 

F
Rep
2012-06-18



6
Kavanagh, Kevin Patrick 

M
RO
2014-09-03



7
Pan, Dengzhao 潘登釗


Rep
2013-03-07





Sign up for our free newsletter
Recommend Webb-site to a friend
Copyright & disclaimer, Privacy policy
Back to top






Taconic Capital Advisors L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:14 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Taconic Capital Advisors L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm launches and manages hedge funds. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. The firm employs event-driven, multi-strategy investment approach. It employs combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolios. Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. was founded in 1999 and is based in New York City with additional offices in London, United Kingdom, and Hong Kong.


280 Park Avenue5th FloorNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 212-209-3100

www.taconiccap.com







Key Executives for Taconic Capital Advisors L.P.




Mr. Frank Peter Brosens


      	Co-Founder and Principal
      


Age: 60
        







Ms. Alyssa Greif Yavner


      	Principal and Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Alexandra Grigos


      	Director of Operations and Technology
      








Mr. Christopher Lord Delong J.D.


      	Principal and Chief Investment Officer
      








Ms. Elizabeth Ann Keeley J.D.


      	Principal, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. Key Developments

Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. Presents at Managed Funds Association Outlook 2016 Conference, Oct-20-2016 09:10 AM
Oct 17 16
Taconic Capital Advisors L.P. Presents at Managed Funds Association Outlook 2016 Conference, Oct-20-2016 09:10 AM. Venue: The Pierre, 2 East 61st Street (Fifth Avenue at 61st Street), New York, NY, 10065, United States. Speakers: Frank Peter Brosens, Co-Founder and Principal.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 4, 2017
			    
Capital Bank Financial Corp.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Taconic Capital Advisors L.P., please visit www.taconiccap.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Officers: Taconic Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited 








Webb-site Who's Who
Database








Menu

log in

search











































Home
Webb-site Reports
User

Log in
Sign up
Forgot password


Contact
Tell a Friend!





Taconic Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Limited 

Key DataOfficersOverlapsSFC licenses



All ranksMain board summaryLicense statsLicensees
SFC web



Current
History
FAQ






		Snapshot date: 


 exclude unknown removal dates
	






SFC roles
Click here for SFC licensees


Sign up for our free newsletter
Recommend Webb-site to a friend
Copyright & disclaimer, Privacy policy
Back to top

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







Sandy  Thomson - Fund Advisor at Taconic Capital Advisors LP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Sandy  Thomson
Fund Advisor at Taconic Capital Advisors LP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees 


Sandy  Thomson
Fund Advisor at Taconic Capital Advisors LP



 Overview



Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 187 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




James Stephen Thompson

Principal & Head of European Trading at Taconic Capital Advisors LP




Elizabeth Ann Keeley

Chief Operating Officer at Taconic Capital Advisors LP





Alyssa Yavner

Principal, Chief Financial Officer at Taconic Capital Advisors LP




Christopher Lord DeLong

Principal, Chief Investment Officer at Taconic Capital Advisors LP





Kelly Davendar Hampaul

Chief Executive Officer at Everett Capital Advisors UK LLP




John Peter Abercromby Readman

Partner at Abercromby & Co.





Richard John Crowder

Former Fund Advisor at Close Asset Management (UK) Ltd.




Tom Bartlam

Professional at Pantheon Ventures (UK) LLP





Steven B. Potter

Managing Partner, US Business at Odgers Berndtson Group




Ewen C. S. MacPherson

Former Chief Executive Officer at 3i Plc







See 177 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 177 More 


 


 Paths to Sandy  Thomson



            Sandy  Thomson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Sandy  Thomson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Sandy  Thomson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Attendee 


University of Zimbabwe

                  University of Zimbabwe is a school.                




Post-Graduate Degree 


Balliol College

                  Balliol College founded in 1263,is  one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England.                





 Career History



Fund Advisor

                                    Current                


Taconic Capital Advisors LP


                  Taconic Capital is a global institutional investment firm that pursues an event-driven, multi-strategy investment approach. Taconic was founded in 1999 by former Goldman Sachs partners, Frank Brosens and Ken Brody and currently manages approximately $9 billion. Taconic has a differentiated economic and compensation model that we believe enables us to attract and retain top talent.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC


                  Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC (GS-Asia) is the Hong Kong-based brokerage subsidiary of Goldman Sachs Holdings (Hong Kong) Ltd., ultimately owned by Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE: GS) in the US.Established in 1984, the firm's Hong Kong office is Goldman Sachs' regional headquarters for Asia (excluding Japan).   From the Hong Kong hub, GS-Asia provides the full range of products and services  they offer worldwide to clients across the region, including corporate finance, private equity and principal investing, fixed-income, currency and commodities, equities, investment research and investment management.In addition to the Hong Kong headquarters, the firm has offices in Beijing, Mumbai, Bangalore, Singapore, Taipei, Seoul and Shanghai.                




Managing Director

                                    2001 - 2010                


Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP


                  TCA UK is an active, research-driven, probabilistic manager which follows a team-oriented investment approach and a distributed decision-making process. The firm constructs relatively concentrated portfolios on a bottom-up basis using fundamental and risk/reward analysis. The co-portfolio managers size positions and make investment decisions for the funds. The firm utilizes probabilistic investing and focuses on companies undergoing change to their business or capital structures. They employ fundamental, legal and regulatory analyses to identify misperceptions and mispricings with the potential to lead to outsized returns on capital. The funds also include fundamental deep-value investments that typically have a soft catalyst.  The Opportunity Fund invests in merger arbitrage, special situations, distressed and capital structure arbitrage. The funds typically have a long bias and the firm actively manages the potential downside risk of the overall portfolio. Individual positions with offsetting short hedges are implemented when appropriate.The firm's hedging philosophy aims to limit losses and preserve capital during severe market dislocations. Macro portfolio hedges are the primary method of protecting against portfolio tail risk. The firm searches for inexpensive volatility in an effort to build a diversified portfolio of hedges with the goal of limiting overall portfolio risk. The risk management and portfolio management teams are separate and distinct, providing appropriate checks and balances. The Co-Portfolio Managers shape the portfolio on a regular basis with respect to factor risks.  The portfolio is manually stress tested and stress test results and factor risk analyses are reviewed by the full risk management team at regular risk meetings. If the stress test yields an expected loss greater than 10%, the portfolio is adjusted and/or portfolio hedges are increased.                




Managing Director

                                    Prior                


Prudential Corp. Asia Ltd.


                  Prudential Corp. Asia Ltd., a subsidiary of Prudential Plc, is a Hongkongese company. The firm provides life insurance and fund management operations across Asia. It was founded by Mark Edward Tucker. Nicolaos Andreas Nicandrou is currently the CEO of the firm.                




Beit Fellow

                                    Prior                


Balliol College


                  Balliol College founded in 1263,is  one of the constituent colleges of the University of Oxford in England.                




Investment Banking Division

                                    Prior                


Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC


                  Goldman, Sachs & Co. (GS&Co.), a limited partnership registered as a U.S. broker-dealer and futures commission merchant, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the firm), is an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc.), a Delaware corporation. The firm is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Non-Executive Director

                    Prior                  


Pantheon International Plc

                    Pantheon International Plc is a private equity fund, which invests in a diversified portfolio of private equity funds and directly in private companies. Its investment objective is to maximize capital growth by investing in a diversified portfolio of private equity funds and occasionally directly in private companies. The company was founded on July 16, 1987 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Sandy  Thomson is affiliated with
                            Taconic Capital Advisors LP, Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC, Taconic Capital Advisors UK LLP, Prudential Corp. Asia Ltd., Balliol College, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Pantheon International Plc.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤





















        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






TACONIC CAPITAL ADVISORS L.P.(CRD# 137295 / SEC# 801-65189)
Alternate Names:
                    TACONIC CAPITAL ADVISORS (HONG KONG) LIMITED  (RELYING ADVISER) , TACONIC CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC , TACONIC CAPITAL ADVISORS LP





                                280 PARK AVENUE, 5TH FLOOR, NEW YORK, NY 10017






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  




























Taconic Capital | About


































Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital







        About Taconic Capital              









Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital



 



Who We Are
Taconic Capital is a global institutional investment firm that pursues an event-driven, multi-strategy investment approach. Taconic was founded in 1999 by former Goldman Sachs partners, Frank Brosens and Ken Brody. Taconic has a differentiated economic and compensation model that we believe enables us to attract and retain top talent.
We have offices in New York, London and Hong Kong with over 100 employees. We are privately held and our partnership owns, governs and leads the firm. Taconic Capital’s first fund was launched in June 1999 and began accepting outside capital in 2000. We opened our London office in 2001 and our Hong Kong office in 2012. Over the last 18 years, we have continuously evolved, adding investment capabilities, management talent and geographic reach to capitalize on the changing opportunity set, and to meet the needs of our firm and investors.
Investment Approach
Taconic Capital follows a disciplined, replicable investment process that aims to identify investment opportunities with three distinct elements: inefficiencies, catalysts and a margin of safety. We are opportunistic investors and agnostic as to where in the capital structure an investment is made. We have a collaborative, team-oriented culture with an open communication architecture that enables real-time decision-making among investment team members across asset classes, specialties and geographies. Taconic Capital evaluates, adjusts and manages risk, supported by a balance between qualitative and quantitative metrics.














Taconic Capital | Team Members






























Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital







        Team Members              









Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital



 






  




          Frank Brosens        
Principal, Co-Founder

Frank Brosens is a co-founder of Taconic.
Read More »





  




          Christopher DeLong        
Principal, Chief Investment Officer

Christopher DeLong is a Principal and Chief Investment Officer.
Read More »


 



          Principals and Senior Investment Team 






  




          Anthony Correa        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Anthony Correa is a Principal and Portfolio Manager for Asian distressed, merger arbitrage and event-driven investing.
Read More »





  




          Jon Jachman        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Jon Jachman is a Principal and Portfolio Manager for credit.
Read More »





  




          Margaret Jones        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Margaret Jones is a Principal and Portfolio Manager focused on merger arbitrage and event-driven equities.
Read More »





  




          Kevin Kavanagh        
Principal, Head of Trading

Kevin Kavanagh is a Principal and Head of Trading.
Read More »





  




          Elizabeth Keeley        
Principal, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel

Elizabeth Keeley is a Principal, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel.
Read More »





  




          Kyle Kliegerman        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Kyle Kliegerman is a Principal and Portfolio Manager primarily focused on equities.
Read More »





  




          Zachary Levenick        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Zachary Levenick is a Principal and Portfolio Manager for European equities.
Read More »





  




          Keith Magliana        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Keith Magliana is a Principal and Portfolio Manager for European credit.
Read More »





  




          Richey Reneberg        
Principal, Head of Investor Relations

Richey Reneberg is a Principal and Head of Investor Relations.
Read More »





  




          Marc Schwartz        
Principal

Marc Schwartz is a Principal and focuses on North American credit.
Read More »





  




          James Thompson        
Principal, Head of European Trading

James Thompson is a Principal and Head of European trading.
Read More »





  




          Alyssa Yavner        
Principal, Chief Financial Officer

Alyssa Yavner is a Principal and Chief Financial Officer.
Read More »





  




          James Jordan        
Director

James Jordan is a Director focused on structured credit.
Read More »


 




          Business Function Managers 






  




          Frank Brosens        
Principal, Co-Founder

Frank Brosens is a co-founder of Taconic.
Read More »





  




          Kevin Kavanagh        
Principal, Head of Trading

Kevin Kavanagh is a Principal and Head of Trading.
Read More »





  




          Elizabeth Keeley        
Principal, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel

Elizabeth Keeley is a Principal, Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel.
Read More »





  




          Zachary Levenick        
Principal, Portfolio Manager

Zachary Levenick is a Principal and Portfolio Manager for European equities.
Read More »





  




          Richey Reneberg        
Principal, Head of Investor Relations

Richey Reneberg is a Principal and Head of Investor Relations.
Read More »





  




          Alyssa Yavner        
Principal, Chief Financial Officer

Alyssa Yavner is a Principal and Chief Financial Officer.
Read More »





  




          Alexandra Grigos        
Director, Operations and Technology

Alexandra Grigos is Director, Operations and Technology.
Read More »


 

 











Employee Login - Taconic Capital

































Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital







        Protected: Employee Login              









Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital



 




This content is password protected. To view it please enter your password below:
Password:  















Taconic Capital | Home






































Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital







Integrity and collegiality shape our culture.
Our pursuit of excellence motivates us to achieve our core mission of generating attractive risk-adjusted returns over multiple market cycles.










Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital



 




Who We Are Taconic Capital is a global institutional investment firm that pursues an event-driven, multi-strategy investment approach dedicated to generating strong risk-adjusted returns over multiple market cycles.
Read More

Investment Approach Taconic Capital follows a disciplined, replicable investment process that aims to identify investment opportunities with three distinct elements: inefficiencies, identifiable catalysts and a margin of safety. 
Read More

 














Taconic Capital | Home






































Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital







Integrity and collegiality shape our culture.
Our pursuit of excellence motivates us to achieve our core mission of generating attractive risk-adjusted returns over multiple market cycles.










Toggle navigation




Taconic Capital



 




Who We Are Taconic Capital is a global institutional investment firm that pursues an event-driven, multi-strategy investment approach dedicated to generating strong risk-adjusted returns over multiple market cycles.
Read More

Investment Approach Taconic Capital follows a disciplined, replicable investment process that aims to identify investment opportunities with three distinct elements: inefficiencies, identifiable catalysts and a margin of safety. 
Read More

 










