 



NephroGenex Appoints Marco Taglietti, M.D. to Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































NephroGenex Appoints Marco Taglietti, M.D. to Board of Directors






October 01, 2014 06:37 AM Eastern Daylight Time



RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--NephroGenex, Inc. (NASDAQ:NRX), a pharmaceutical company focused 
      on the development of therapeutics to treat kidney disease, today 
      announced the appointment of Marco Taglietti, M.D., to its Board of 
      Directors. Dr. Taglietti has more than 20 years of experience in senior 
      leadership positions in pharmaceutical research and development, most 
      recently at Forest Laboratories, Inc.
    


      “Dr. Taglietti has an impressive track record of leading global R&D 
      operations, and has overseen the development and worldwide approvals of 
      dozens of important therapeutic products,” said NephroGenex Chief 
      Executive Officer Pierre Legault. “We are extremely pleased to have Dr. 
      Taglietti join our board, and look forward to the critical perspective 
      he can bring to the clinical development of Pyridorin, our Phase 3 
      compound to treat diabetic kidney disease.”
    

      Prior to its recent acquisition, Dr. Taglietti served as Executive Vice 
      President, Research and Development, and Chief Medical Officer of Forest 
      Laboratories, Inc. He also served as President, Chief Medical Officer of 
      the Forest Research Institute. Prior to joining Forest Labs in 2007, Dr. 
      Taglietti held the position of Senior Vice President, Head of Global 
      Research and Development, at Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. for three years. 
      He joined Stiefel after 12 years at Schering-Plough Corporation where he 
      last held the position of Vice President, Worldwide Clinical Research 
      for Anti-Infectives, Oncology, CNS, Endocrinology and Dermatology. Dr. 
      Taglietti began his career at Marion Merrell Dow Research Institute. 
      Over the course of his career, he has brought to market 35 different 
      products in the U.S. and internationally. He received his medical degree 
      and board certifications from the University of Pavia in Italy.
    

      Dr. Taglietti joins Nephrogenex’s Board of Directors as an independent 
      director, serving on the Audit and Compensation Committees.
    

About NephroGenex, Inc.


      NephroGenex (NASDAQ:NRX) is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company 
      focused on developing therapeutics to treat kidney diseases caused by 
      pathogenic oxidative chemistries. Since our inception, we have 
      collaborated with the leading scientific experts in pathogenic oxidative 
      chemistries to build a strong portfolio of intellectual property and 
      novel acting drug candidates. Our clinical program has been done in 
      collaboration with world leading clinical investigators in kidney 
      disease. Our product pipeline includes an oral formulation of PYRIDORIN® 
      (pyridoxamine dihydrochloride), which is being developed as a 
      chronic, therapeutic agent to slow the progression of diabetic 
      nephropathy, as well as an intravenous formulation of Pyridorin to treat 
      specific types of acute kidney injury.
    

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains certain statements that are, or may be 
      deemed "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may 
      be identified by words such as "expects," "intends," "anticipates," 
      "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "will," or words of similar 
      meaning and include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the 
      outlook for our future business and financial performance. 
      Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and 
      assumptions, which are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and 
      changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Actual outcomes 
      and results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
      statements due to global political, economic, business, competitive, 
      market, regulatory and other factors and risks, including the items 
      identified under "Part I—Item 1A—Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on 
      Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on March 31, 2014, as well as 
      in other filings that we may make with the SEC in the future. The 
      forward-looking statements contained in this press release reflect our 
      current views with respect to future events, and we do not undertake and 
      specifically disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking 
      statements.
    



           
        








Contacts

InvestorsThe Trout GroupMichael Levitan, 646-378-2920mlevitan@troutgroup.comorMediaBMC 
      CommunicationsSusan Duffy, 646-513-3119sduffy@bmccommunications.com


















Contacts

InvestorsThe Trout GroupMichael Levitan, 646-378-2920mlevitan@troutgroup.comorMediaBMC 
      CommunicationsSusan Duffy, 646-513-3119sduffy@bmccommunications.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












    Marco Taglietti | Forest Laboratories , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Marco Taglietti, Scynexis Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Marco Taglietti

President/CEO,
Scynexis Inc






Career History




President/CEO
Scynexis Inc, 9/2015-PRESENT


Chief Executive Officer
Scynexis Inc, 4/2015-9/2015


Exec VP:Drug Dev/Chief Medical Ofcr
Forest Laboratories Inc, 12/2013-5/2014


Senior VP:Research & Development
Forest Laboratories Inc, 12/2010-12/2013


VP:Research & Development
Forest Laboratories Inc, 12/2008-11/2010


VP:Research & Chief Medical Ofcr
Forest Research Inst Inc, 8/2007-12/2008


Senior VP/Head:Global Research
Stiefel Laboratories Inc, UNKNOWN-12/2007


President
Forest Research Inst Inc, 12/2010-UNKNOWN


Senior VP/Head:Global Research
Stiefel Laboratories Inc, FORMER


VP:Worldwide Clinical Research
Schering-Plough Corp/Pre-Merger With Merck & Co Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.scynexis.com






Corporate Information
Address:

101 Hudson St
Suite 3610
Jersey City, NJ 201-884-54
United States


Phone:
1-201-884-5485


Fax:
1-201-884-5490


Web url:
www.scynexis.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Pavia
MD








Memberships



Board Memberships




Delcath Systems Inc


Board Member, 12/2014-PRESENT




Scynexis Inc


Board Member, 11/2014-PRESENT




Nephrogenex Inc


Board Member, 10/2014-2/2017



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












SCYNEXIS Names Marco Taglietti, M.D., Chief Executive Officer (NASDAQ:SCYX)


























 



Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS





Feb 6, 2015




 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF

Add to Briefcase
File is in Briefcase



SCYNEXIS Names Marco Taglietti, M.D., Chief Executive Officer

Yves Ribeill, Ph.D., to Remain President, Serve on Board of DirectorsCarole Sable, M.D., Submits Resignation as Chief Medical Officer

	RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C., Feb. 6, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Drug discovery and development company SCYNEXIS, Inc. (Nasdaq:SCYX) announced today that its Board of Directors has appointed Marco Taglietti, M.D., as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, effective April 1, 2015. Dr. Taglietti, a member of the SCYNEXIS Board of Directors, will succeed Yves Ribeill, Ph.D. Dr. Ribeill will remain the Company's President and will continue to serve on the SCYNEXIS Board of Directors. In an unrelated matter, Carole Sable, M.D., the Company's current Chief Medical Officer, is stepping down effective February 20, 2015.

	"Yves provided remarkable leadership over the last 15 years, building a strong drug discovery organization and successfully ushering SCY-078 into clinical development," said Pamela J. Kirby, Ph.D., Chairman of the Board of SCYNEXIS. "Yves will remain a key member of the management team as we transition Marco's role at SCYNEXIS to Chief Executive Officer. Marco brings to the position an outstanding background and relevant experience in drug development, having led more than 35 drugs and devices through clinical development and onto the market, including several anti-infective products."

	"SCYNEXIS is a company with great people, products and potential and I am honored and excited by taking over the role of CEO," said Marco Taglietti, M.D. "SCY-078 has tremendous potential to play an important role in the treatment of life-threatening fungal infections. I look forward to advancing the drug's clinical development as a potential new treatment option to those patients who currently experience high morbidity and mortality."

	Dr. Taglietti was appointed to the SCYNEXIS Board of Directors in December 2014. He previously served as Executive Vice President, Research and Development and Chief Medical Officer of Forest Laboratories, Inc. and also as President of the Forest Research Institute until the company was acquired by Actavis, plc. Prior to joining Forest Labs, Dr. Taglietti was Senior Vice President, Head of Global Research and Development at Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. and held various positions with Schering-Plough Corporation where he served as Vice President, Worldwide Clinical Research for Anti-infectives, Oncology, CNS, Endocrinology and Dermatology. He received his medical degree and his Board Certification in Infectious Diseases from the University of Pavia in Italy.

	"I have tremendous faith in Marco's ability to lead SCYNEXIS into the future and look forward to working closely with him as we continue to advance the development of our lead compound for the treatment of invasive fungal infections," said Yves Ribeill.  "I also want to thank Carole for her work in getting SCY-078 back into the clinic and wish her the best in her next endeavor."About SCYNEXIS

	SCYNEXIS is a pharmaceutical company committed to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel anti-infectives to address significant unmet therapeutic needs. We are developing our lead product candidate, SCY-078, as an oral and intravenous (IV) drug for the treatment of serious and life-threatening invasive fungal infections in humans. For more information, visit www.scynexis.com.Forward Looking Statement

	Statements contained in this press release regarding matters that are expected to occur in the future are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Risks are described more fully in SCYNEXIS's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including without limitation its most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and other documents subsequently filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date on which they were made. SCYNEXIS undertakes no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date 
on which they were made.CONTACT: Investor Relations

         Jillian Connell

         The Trout Group LLC

         Tel: 646.378.2956

         Email: jconnell@troutgroup.com

         

         Media Relations

         Heather Savelle

         MacDougall Biomedical Communications

         Tel: 781.235.3060

         hsavelle@macbiocom.com

         

         SCYNEXIS, Inc. Contact

         Chuck Osborne

         Chief Financial Officer

         Tel: 919.544.8600

         chuck.osborne@scynexis.com









 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











I TAGLIETTI - Manufacturer Ponte San Marco - Calcinato  / Italy

















































Login oppure Facebook login



















All
People
Projects
Blogs
Photos








Sign Up

Share and discover Architectureand Interior design




















I TAGLIETTI
Manufacturer Ponte San Marco - Calcinato  / Italy
















follow
following


unfollow


0

0 Followers
75 Visits

Contact







follow
following


unfollow


0
I TAGLIETTI


Followers




Project year
view all

Status
view all




















































I TAGLIETTI



Address Via Sibilla Aleramo , 25011  Ponte San Marco - Calcinato  | Italy
Tel 030 9969403
Fax 030 9980647







Advertising

 

































