










Hertz Appoints John P. Tague President And Chief Executive Officer - Nov 20, 2014





























 









Feedback














Hertz Gold Plus Rewards

Login/Sign-Up














SEARCH









Hertz Gold Plus Rewards

Login/Sign-Up




Login


















Hertz Member Number or User ID:

 User ID is a unique ID that you can create in order to login to Hertz.com. This is an optional field that can be used in place of your member number that you will receive once you complete the enrollment process.Note: you will still be able to login to hertz.com using your member number if you don't choose to create a unique ID. 
 


I Forgot My Member Number



Password:

I Forgot/Need Password





Remember my member number on this browser



 
							Login
					


Login and Create Your User ID











Press Room
News Releases






Hertz Appoints John P. Tague President And Chief Executive Officer
Travel and Transportation Industry Veteran Brings Significant Experience with Complex Turnarounds and Record of Revenue Optimization, Operational Execution and Delivering Improved Results
Nov 20, 2014




NAPLES, Fla., Nov. 20, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: HTZ) ("Hertz" or "the Company") today announced that John P. Tague has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and to the Company's Board of Directors, effective November 21, 2014. Mr. Tague's appointment follows an extensive search conducted by the Hertz Board of Directors. The search process was overseen by the Board's CEO Search Committee, which is comprised of five independent directors including two recently appointed as part of an agreement with Carl C. Icahn, with the assistance of a leading executive search firm. 
Mr. Tague is a travel and transportation industry veteran who has delivered demonstrable results in revenue generation, operational excellence and corporate transformation. A former President and Chief Operating Officer of United Airlines, he is credited with innovative product and pricing programs that drove strong financial performance as well as improved customer satisfaction. Most recently, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cardinal Logistics Holdings, a leading transportation and logistics provider and private-equity backed company.
Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Non-Executive Chair of the Hertz Board, said, "John is a leader whose record shows a relentless focus on execution and high performance, having driven the successful turnaround of other large, complex consumer facing companies such as United Airlines. The Board was very clear about what we needed in a new CEO for Hertz. We were looking for a world class global leader who knows the travel industry and its players, has an intimate understanding of the revenue optimization equation, drives operational excellence, has driven turnarounds, is a superb people leader, and most of all, understands how to create shareholder value. In John we have found that leader."
Carl C. Icahn, Chairman of Icahn Enterprises L.P., commented, "My team and I, along with Linda Fayne Levinson and other members of the Hertz Search Committee, spent a significant amount of time with a number of highly qualified candidates. The Committee performed an extensive search for the CEO position before the Committee and the Board unanimously selected John Tague as the next CEO of Hertz. I have been involved in a number of CEO searches during the last decade and have been quite impressed by the knowledge and imagination of a number of these candidates, many of whom have turned into very successful CEOs. I am happy to say that after listening to John's ideas concerning Hertz and evaluating what he has accomplished at United, I believe he ranks at or near the top of the group. Importantly, Glenn Tilton, the former Chairman and CEO of United Airlines, informed me that John Tague was a key player in the United Airlines turnaround and as President and the former COO he would have been Glenn's recommendation to be the next CEO of United once Glenn retired, had the United / Continental merger not occurred."
Mr. Tague said, "I am honored to have been selected to lead Hertz to its full potential at a time of unprecedented opportunity for the Company and industry. I look forward to partnering with Hertz employees as we work to earn sustained industry leadership for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and team."
Ms. Levinson added, "On behalf of the Hertz Board, we thank Brian MacDonald for his selflessness in stepping into the interim leadership role. Strategic actions he and the Hertz team have taken over the past months have enabled a smooth transition and put Hertz on stronger footing to address our challenges and achieve success."
About John P. Tague 
Mr. Tague has served as Chief Executive Officer of Greatwide Logistics Services, LLC since 2011, where he oversaw the merger between Greatwide Logistics Services and Cardinal Logistics Management, Inc. in 2013, creating one of the largest U.S. providers of dedicated transportation. Mr. Tague has since served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, Cardinal Logistics Holdings.  
Mr. Tague previously spent eight years at United Airlines, Inc. and UAL Corporation, where he served in a number of leadership roles, including President and Chief Operating Officer. He served as President of United Airlines and Executive Vice President of UAL Corporation until the closing of United's merger with Continental Airlines in 2010. In that role, Mr. Tague was responsible for all airline management functions, including actions to modernize the fleet. In the year prior to his announced departure from United, United delivered a $1.2 billion revenue improvement, generated a $750 million profit improvement, tightly managed its costs and increased its margin by 16 points, delivering the industry's leading profit margin year to date at that time. After he was appointed President, United's customer satisfaction improved by 70 percent domestically and on-time performance improved from worst to first, with United leading the network carriers in on-time performance.
Mr. Tague joined United Airlines and UAL Corporation in 2003 as Executive Vice President of Customers and was part of the team that successfully led United through its $23 billion restructuring and operational turnaround. He held several other leadership positions at the Company, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2009; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer from 2006 to 2008; and Executive Vice President of Marketing, Sales, and Revenue from 2004 to 2006. 
Before joining United, Mr. Tague held several leadership positions at ATA Holdings Corp., including President and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to 2002, and President and Chief Operating Officer from 1993 to 1995. Under his leadership, ATA grew from $300 million to $1.4 billion in sales and to employ 8,000 associates. Mr. Tague previously served as Executive Vice President of Marketing and Planning for ATA. He also held various positions at Midway Airlines, including Senior Vice President of Marketing and Planning, and served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Vanguard Airlines, Inc. between 1996 and 1997. 
Mr. Tague currently serves on the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc., one of the world's largest lodging franchisors, where he also serves on the Board's Audit Committee and the Compensation and Management Development Committee. 
He previously served on the Board of Directors for Reddy Ice Inc., Pacer International, Inc., Orbitz, ATA and United Airlines. 
About Hertz 
The Hertz Corporation operates the Hertz, Dollar, Thrifty and Firefly car rental brands in approximately more than 11,500 corporate and licensee locations throughout 145 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East and New Zealand. Hertz is the largest worldwide airport general use car rental brand with more than 1,400 airport locations in the U.S. and a presence at more than 250 international airports. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, NeverLost®, Carfirmations, Mobile Wi-Fi and unique vehicles offered through the Adrenaline, Dream, Family, Fun, Green and Prestige Collections set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, Hertz owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation, operates the Hertz 24/7 hourly car rental business and sells vehicles through its Rent2Buy program. The company also owns Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation (HERC), one of the largest equipment rental businesses with more than 340 locations worldwide offering a diverse line of equipment and tools for rent and sale. HERC primarily serves the construction, industrial, oil, gas, entertainment and government sectors. For more information about Hertz, visit: www.hertz.com.
Corporate EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes that Corporate EBITDA is useful in measuring the comparable results of the Company period-over-period. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to Corporate EBITDA are pre-tax income and cash flows from operating activities. Because of the forward-looking nature of the Company's forecasted Corporate EBITDA, specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile forecasted cash flows from operating activities and pre-tax income are not available. The Company believes that there is a degree of volatility with respect to certain of the Company's GAAP measures, primarily related to fair value accounting for its financial assets (which includes the Company's derivative financial instruments), its income tax reporting and certain adjustments made to arrive at the relevant non-GAAP measures, which preclude the Company from providing accurate forecasted GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Based on the above, the Company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the non-GAAP Corporate EBITDA to forecasted cash flows from operating activities and pre-tax income would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.
Cautionary Note Concerning Forward Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release include "forward-looking statements." Forward-looking statements include information concerning the Company's liquidity and its possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of its business strategies. These statements often include words such as "believe," "expect," "project," "potential," "preliminary," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "seek," "will," "may," "would," "should," "could," "forecasts" or similar expressions. These statements are based on certain assumptions that the Company has made in light of its experience in the industry as well as its perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate in these circumstances. The Company believes these judgments are reasonable, but you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results, and the Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of important factors, both positive and negative. Some important factors that could affect the Company's actual results include, among others, those described under "Risk Factors" set forth in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as amended, or that have been or may be disclosed from time to time in subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the thorough review of the Company's internal financial records that is being conducted, the additional time that may be required to complete the review and the ability of the Company to remediate any material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. 
Additional information concerning these factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such statements speak only as of the date made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contacts:       
Investor Relations: Hertz Leslie Hunziker                        (239) 552-5700 lhunziker@hertz.com 
Media: Hertz Richard Broome (239) 552-5558 rbroome@hertz.com
Joele Frank Barrett Golden, Alyssa Cass or Dan Moore (212) 355-4449
SOURCE  Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.











 











     












































 



 Hertz Appoints John P. Tague President And Chief Executive Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Hertz Appoints John P. Tague President And Chief Executive Officer

		  Travel and Transportation Industry Veteran Brings Significant Experience with Complex Turnarounds and Record of Revenue Optimization, Operational Execution and Delivering Improved Results
		

Nov 20, 2014, 16:25 ET
		  		  									
						 from   Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NAPLES, Fla., Nov. 20, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:   HTZ) ("Hertz" or "the Company") today announced that John P. Tague has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and to the Company's Board of Directors, effective November 21, 2014. Mr. Tague's appointment follows an extensive search conducted by the Hertz Board of Directors. The search process was overseen by the Board's CEO Search Committee, which is comprised of five independent directors including two recently appointed as part of an agreement with Carl C. Icahn, with the assistance of a leading executive search firm. 
Mr. Tague is a travel and transportation industry veteran who has delivered demonstrable results in revenue generation, operational excellence and corporate transformation. A former President and Chief Operating Officer of United Airlines, he is credited with innovative product and pricing programs that drove strong financial performance as well as improved customer satisfaction. Most recently, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cardinal Logistics Holdings, a leading transportation and logistics provider and private-equity backed company.
Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Non-Executive Chair of the Hertz Board, said, "John is a leader whose record shows a relentless focus on execution and high performance, having driven the successful turnaround of other large, complex consumer facing companies such as United Airlines. The Board was very clear about what we needed in a new CEO for Hertz. We were looking for a world class global leader who knows the travel industry and its players, has an intimate understanding of the revenue optimization equation, drives operational excellence, has driven turnarounds, is a superb people leader, and most of all, understands how to create shareholder value. In John we have found that leader."
Carl C. Icahn, Chairman of Icahn Enterprises L.P., commented, "My team and I, along with Linda Fayne Levinson and other members of the Hertz Search Committee, spent a significant amount of time with a number of highly qualified candidates. The Committee performed an extensive search for the CEO position before the Committee and the Board unanimously selected John Tague as the next CEO of Hertz. I have been involved in a number of CEO searches during the last decade and have been quite impressed by the knowledge and imagination of a number of these candidates, many of whom have turned into very successful CEOs. I am happy to say that after listening to John's ideas concerning Hertz and evaluating what he has accomplished at United, I believe he ranks at or near the top of the group. Importantly, Glenn Tilton, the former Chairman and CEO of United Airlines, informed me that John Tague was a key player in the United Airlines turnaround and as President and the former COO he would have been Glenn's recommendation to be the next CEO of United once Glenn retired, had the United / Continental merger not occurred."
Mr. Tague said, "I am honored to have been selected to lead Hertz to its full potential at a time of unprecedented opportunity for the Company and industry. I look forward to partnering with Hertz employees as we work to earn sustained industry leadership for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and team."

Ms. Levinson added, "On behalf of the Hertz Board, we thank Brian MacDonald for his selflessness in stepping into the interim leadership role. Strategic actions he and the Hertz team have taken over the past months have enabled a smooth transition and put Hertz on stronger footing to address our challenges and achieve success."
About John P. Tague 
Mr. Tague has served as Chief Executive Officer of Greatwide Logistics Services, LLC since 2011, where he oversaw the merger between Greatwide Logistics Services and Cardinal Logistics Management, Inc. in 2013, creating one of the largest U.S. providers of dedicated transportation. Mr. Tague has since served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, Cardinal Logistics Holdings.  
Mr. Tague previously spent eight years at United Airlines, Inc. and UAL Corporation, where he served in a number of leadership roles, including President and Chief Operating Officer. He served as President of United Airlines and Executive Vice President of UAL Corporation until the closing of United's merger with Continental Airlines in 2010. In that role, Mr. Tague was responsible for all airline management functions, including actions to modernize the fleet. In the year prior to his announced departure from United, United delivered a $1.2 billion revenue improvement, generated a $750 million profit improvement, tightly managed its costs and increased its margin by 16 points, delivering the industry's leading profit margin year to date at that time. After he was appointed President, United's customer satisfaction improved by 70 percent domestically and on-time performance improved from worst to first, with United leading the network carriers in on-time performance.
Mr. Tague joined United Airlines and UAL Corporation in 2003 as Executive Vice President of Customers and was part of the team that successfully led United through its $23 billion restructuring and operational turnaround. He held several other leadership positions at the Company, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2009; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer from 2006 to 2008; and Executive Vice President of Marketing, Sales, and Revenue from 2004 to 2006. 
Before joining United, Mr. Tague held several leadership positions at ATA Holdings Corp., including President and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to 2002, and President and Chief Operating Officer from 1993 to 1995. Under his leadership, ATA grew from $300 million to $1.4 billion in sales and to employ 8,000 associates. Mr. Tague previously served as Executive Vice President of Marketing and Planning for ATA. He also held various positions at Midway Airlines, including Senior Vice President of Marketing and Planning, and served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Vanguard Airlines, Inc. between 1996 and 1997. 
Mr. Tague currently serves on the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc., one of the world's largest lodging franchisors, where he also serves on the Board's Audit Committee and the Compensation and Management Development Committee. 
He previously served on the Board of Directors for Reddy Ice Inc., Pacer International, Inc., Orbitz, ATA and United Airlines. 
About Hertz 
The Hertz Corporation operates the Hertz, Dollar, Thrifty and Firefly car rental brands in approximately more than 11,500 corporate and licensee locations throughout 145 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East and New Zealand. Hertz is the largest worldwide airport general use car rental brand with more than 1,400 airport locations in the U.S. and a presence at more than 250 international airports. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, NeverLost®, Carfirmations, Mobile Wi-Fi and unique vehicles offered through the Adrenaline, Dream, Family, Fun, Green and Prestige Collections set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, Hertz owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation, operates the Hertz 24/7 hourly car rental business and sells vehicles through its Rent2Buy program. The company also owns Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation (HERC), one of the largest equipment rental businesses with more than 340 locations worldwide offering a diverse line of equipment and tools for rent and sale. HERC primarily serves the construction, industrial, oil, gas, entertainment and government sectors. For more information about Hertz, visit: www.hertz.com.
Corporate EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Management believes that Corporate EBITDA is useful in measuring the comparable results of the Company period-over-period. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to Corporate EBITDA are pre-tax income and cash flows from operating activities. Because of the forward-looking nature of the Company's forecasted Corporate EBITDA, specific quantifications of the amounts that would be required to reconcile forecasted cash flows from operating activities and pre-tax income are not available. The Company believes that there is a degree of volatility with respect to certain of the Company's GAAP measures, primarily related to fair value accounting for its financial assets (which includes the Company's derivative financial instruments), its income tax reporting and certain adjustments made to arrive at the relevant non-GAAP measures, which preclude the Company from providing accurate forecasted GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Based on the above, the Company believes that providing estimates of the amounts that would be required to reconcile the range of the non-GAAP Corporate EBITDA to forecasted cash flows from operating activities and pre-tax income would imply a degree of precision that would be confusing or misleading to investors for the reasons identified above.
Cautionary Note Concerning Forward Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release include "forward-looking statements." Forward-looking statements include information concerning the Company's liquidity and its possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of its business strategies. These statements often include words such as "believe," "expect," "project," "potential," "preliminary," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "seek," "will," "may," "would," "should," "could," "forecasts" or similar expressions. These statements are based on certain assumptions that the Company has made in light of its experience in the industry as well as its perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate in these circumstances. The Company believes these judgments are reasonable, but you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results, and the Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements due to a variety of important factors, both positive and negative. Some important factors that could affect the Company's actual results include, among others, those described under "Risk Factors" set forth in Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as amended, or that have been or may be disclosed from time to time in subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the thorough review of the Company's internal financial records that is being conducted, the additional time that may be required to complete the review and the ability of the Company to remediate any material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. 
Additional information concerning these factors can be found in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-K and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. All such statements speak only as of the date made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contacts:       
Investor Relations: 
Hertz 
Leslie Hunziker                        
(239) 552-5700 
lhunziker@hertz.com 
Media: 
Hertz 
Richard Broome 
(239) 552-5558 
rbroome@hertz.com
Joele Frank
Barrett Golden, Alyssa Cass or Dan Moore 
(212) 355-4449
 SOURCE  Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.hertz.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Dec 23, 2014, 09:05 ET
Preview: Car Cost Inflation Drives Hertz Brands Price Increase















Nov 14, 2014, 07:12 ET
Preview: Hertz Announces New U.S. Rental Car Fleet Strategy






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 18, 2017, 16:15 ET
Hertz renews global partnership with Lufthansa and expands car...














Jul 18, 2017, 16:15 ET
Hertz and Aeroméxico sign exclusive, global partnership to offer...








Jul 18, 2017, 16:15 ET
Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. to Announce Second Quarter 2017...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Executive Officers










































Feedback















Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up















SEARCH










Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up






Login


















Hertz Member Number or User ID:


User ID is a unique ID that you can create in order to login to Hertz.com. This is an optional field that can be used in place of your member number that you will receive once you complete the enrollment process.
Note: you will still be able to login to hertz.com using your member number if you don't choose to create a unique ID.

 


I Forgot My Member Number



Password:

I Forgot/Need Password





Remember my member number on this browser



 
													Login
													


Login and Create Your User ID










IR Home
About Hertz
Press Releases
Financials & Filings
Events & Presentations
Investor Alerts
Other Resources
SPIN Transaction





IR Home

Executive Officers





Company Overview
 | 
Corporate Governance Overview
 | 
 
Executive Officers
 | 
Board of Directors
 | 
Committee Composition
 | 
Committee Charters
 | 
Governance Documents



John P. Tague

John P. Tague was named President and Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors, of The Hertz Corporation in November 2014.
Mr. Tague served in a number of senior executive leadership roles at United Airlines, Inc. and UAL Corporation from 2003 through 2010, including President (2009-2010) and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (2008-2009).  Between 2003 and 2008 he served as Executive Vice President of Customers (2003), Executive Vice President of Marketing, Sales and Revenue (2004-2006), and Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer (2006-2008).
Just prior to joining Hertz, Mr. Tague served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cardinal Logistics Holdings. The Company was created by the merger between Cardinal Logistics Management, Inc. and Greatwide Logistics Services, LLC, where Mr. Tague had served as Chief Executive Officer since 2011.
In addition to the Hertz Board of Directors, Mr. Tague currently serves on the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc. He previously served on the Board of Directors for Reddy Ice Inc., Pacer International, Inc., Orbitz, ATA and United Airlines.

 




 










     




























Hertz appoints John P. Tague President And Chief Executive Officer | Press Release - Florida Trend


























































BUSINESS FLORIDA  •  
  FLORIDA SMALL BUSINESS  •  
  MEDIA KIT









 








Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn









HOME
NEWS
HEALTH CARE
EDUCATION
MOVERS & INFLUENCERS
LAW
LIFESTYLE
TRENDING




HOME
NEWS
HEALTH CARE
EDUCATION
LAW
LIFESTYLE
MOVERS & INFLUENCERS
TRENDING





NAVIGATION

HOME
NEWS
HEALTH CARE
EDUCATION
LAW
LIFESTYLE
MOVERS & INFLUENCERS
FEATURES
TRENDING
Business Florida
Florida Small Business
MEDIA KIT
CLOSE NAVIGATION








July 22, 2017








Share
Email
Print



 


					John P. Tague							

			
			
			
			


					


Press Release
Hertz appoints John P. Tague President And Chief Executive Officer
Travel and transportation industry veteran brings significant experience with complex Tturnarounds and record of revenue optimization, operational execution and delivering improved results.
 | 11/25/2014

Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: HTZ) ("Hertz" or "the Company") announced that John P. Tague has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer and to the Company's Board of Directors, effective November 21, 2014. Mr. Tague's appointment follows an extensive search conducted by the Hertz Board of Directors. The search process was overseen by the Board's CEO Search Committee, which is comprised of five independent directors including two recently appointed as part of an agreement with Carl C. Icahn, with the assistance of a leading executive search firm.
Mr. Tague is a travel and transportation industry veteran who has delivered demonstrable results in revenue generation, operational excellence and corporate transformation. A former President and Chief Operating Officer of United Airlines, he is credited with innovative product and pricing programs that drove strong financial performance as well as improved customer satisfaction. Most recently, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cardinal Logistics Holdings, a leading transportation and logistics provider and private-equity backed company.
Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Non-Executive Chair of the Hertz Board, said, "John is a leader whose record shows a relentless focus on execution and high performance, having driven the successful turnaround of other large, complex consumer facing companies such as United Airlines. The Board was very clear about what we needed in a new CEO for Hertz. We were looking for a world class global leader who knows the travel industry and its players, has an intimate understanding of the revenue optimization equation, drives operational excellence, has driven turnarounds, is a superb people leader, and most of all, understands how to create shareholder value. In John we have found that leader."
Carl C. Icahn, Chairman of Icahn Enterprises L.P., commented, "My team and I, along with Linda Fayne Levinson and other members of the Hertz Search Committee, spent a significant amount of time with a number of highly qualified candidates. The Committee performed an extensive search for the CEO position before the Committee and the Board unanimously selected John Tague as the next CEO of Hertz. I have been involved in a number of CEO searches during the last decade and have been quite impressed by the knowledge and imagination of a number of these candidates, many of whom have turned into very successful CEOs. I am happy to say that after listening to John's ideas concerning Hertz and evaluating what he has accomplished at United, I believe he ranks at or near the top of the group. Importantly, Glenn Tilton, the former Chairman and CEO of United Airlines, informed me that John Tague was a key player in the United Airlines turnaround and as President and the former COO he would have been Glenn's recommendation to be the next CEO of United once Glenn retired, had the United / Continental merger not occurred."
Mr. Tague said, "I am honored to have been selected to lead Hertz to its full potential at a time of unprecedented opportunity for the Company and industry. I look forward to partnering with Hertz employees as we work to earn sustained industry leadership for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and team."
Ms. Levinson added, "On behalf of the Hertz Board, we thank Brian MacDonald for his selflessness in stepping into the interim leadership role. Strategic actions he and the Hertz team have taken over the past months have enabled a smooth transition and put Hertz on stronger footing to address our challenges and achieve success."
About John P. Tague 
Mr. Tague has served as Chief Executive Officer of Greatwide Logistics Services, LLC since 2011, where he oversaw the merger between Greatwide Logistics Services and Cardinal Logistics Management, Inc. in 2013, creating one of the largest U.S. providers of dedicated transportation. Mr. Tague has since served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, Cardinal Logistics Holdings.
Mr. Tague previously spent eight years at United Airlines, Inc. and UAL Corporation, where he served in a number of leadership roles, including President and Chief Operating Officer. He served as President of United Airlines and Executive Vice President of UAL Corporation until the closing of United's merger with Continental Airlines in 2010. In that role, Mr. Tague was responsible for all airline management functions, including actions to modernize the fleet. In the year prior to his announced departure from United, United delivered a $1.2 billion revenue improvement, generated a $750 million profit improvement, tightly managed its costs and increased its margin by 16 points, delivering the industry's leading profit margin year to date at that time. After he was appointed President, United's customer satisfaction improved by 70 percent domestically and on-time performance improved from worst to first, with United leading the network carriers in on-time performance.
Mr. Tague joined United Airlines and UAL Corporation in 2003 as Executive Vice President of Customers and was part of the team that successfully led United through its $23 billion restructuring and operational turnaround. He held several other leadership positions at the Company, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2008 to 2009; Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer from 2006 to 2008; and Executive Vice President of Marketing, Sales, and Revenue from 2004 to 2006.
Before joining United, Mr. Tague held several leadership positions at ATA Holdings Corp., including President and Chief Executive Officer from 1997 to 2002, and President and Chief Operating Officer from 1993 to 1995. Under his leadership, ATA grew from $300 million to $1.4 billion in sales and to employ 8,000 associates. Mr. Tague previously served as Executive Vice President of Marketing and Planning for ATA. He also held various positions at Midway Airlines, including Senior Vice President of Marketing and Planning, and served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Vanguard Airlines, Inc. between 1996 and 1997.
Mr. Tague currently serves on the Board of Directors of Choice Hotels International, Inc., one of the world's largest lodging franchisors, where he also serves on the Board's Audit Committee and the Compensation and Management Development Committee.
He previously served on the Board of Directors for Reddy Ice Inc., Pacer International, Inc., Orbitz, ATA and United Airlines.
About Hertz 
The Hertz Corporation operates the Hertz, Dollar, Thrifty and Firefly car rental brands in approximately more than 11,500 corporate and licensee locations throughout 145 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East and New Zealand. Hertz is the largest worldwide airport general use car rental brand with more than 1,400 airport locations in the U.S. and a presence at more than 250 international airports. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, NeverLost®, Carfirmations, Mobile Wi-Fi and unique vehicles offered through the Adrenaline, Dream, Family, Fun, Green and Prestige Collections set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, Hertz owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation, operates the Hertz 24/7 hourly car rental business and sells vehicles through its Rent2Buy program. The company also owns Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation (HERC), one of the largest equipment rental businesses with more than 340 locations worldwide offering a diverse line of equipment and tools for rent and sale. HERC primarily serves the construction, industrial, oil, gas, entertainment and government sectors. For more information about Hertz, visit: www.hertz.com.












 


Also on FloridaTrend.com

Florida's Best Companies to Work For
Florida Economic Yearbook
350 Biggest Companies in Florida
TopRank Florida lists for download
Special offer: Subscribe  - get a FREE gift!




Market Update




DOW
21,580.07
-31.71


NASDAQ
6387.7539
-2.2480


S&P 500
2472.54
-0.91




Enter a stock symbol  

» Stocks of Florida's Top Public Companies
















Digital Access


DIRECT DIGITAL ACCESS
      Add digital to your current subscription, purchase a single digital issue, or start a new subscription to Florida Trend.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
An overview of the features and articles in this month's issue of Florida Trend.


ACCESS THIS ISSUE »








Florida Business News
Florida's unemployment rate drops for fourth straight month
How low can Florida's unemployment go? Pretty low, according to the state's latest unemployment numbers.
How Florida explains our polarized politics
The national trends that have divided the country almost evenly between Democrats and Republicans are on display in microcosm in Florida.
Student researcher targets cancer with virus, earning support of Central Florida nonprofit
Candace Fox’s thesis research is serious business: she’s using a modified parainfluenza virus to target and help kill cancer cells.
South Florida hotels struggled in 2016. Now it seems they are finally on the mend
An overall bump in performance is another positive sign that hotels are on the mend after a challenging 2016.
Jacksonville’s Acosta marketing and packaging firm acquires Ohio-based company
Acosta Sales and Marketing, which specializes in consumer packaging and goods among other services, announced this week it is acquiring ActionLink.

Florida Trend Video Pick



Rip Current Awareness




The Walton County Sheriff’s Office is undertaking a signature project focused on water safety during the coming months, starting with a mini-documentary featuring the daughter of a man who died in a rip current.
Earlier Videos | 
     Viewpoints@FloridaTrend


Ballot Box


Are you concerned proposed changes to federal civil forfeiture policy could be used by agencies to sidestep Florida's asset seizure laws?




 Yes, quite bothered.
 Eh... probably not a big deal...
 No, not worried at all.
 Wait... Who said what?


Vote








See Results


 















Winter Travel Planner
Golden Spoons: Best Restaurants
Best Companies
Technology & Research
Florida College Guide
Business Opportunity Guide
Community Profile
Spotlight
Summer Travel Planner
Entrepreneur Assistance
Florida's Top Attorneys
Biggest Public & Private Cos.


<
>




Home · 
	Advertise · 
	About Us · 
	Contact Us · 
	Site Map
Circulation Services · 
	Terms & Conditions · 
	Privacy Policy





	490 First Avenue South :: St. Petersburg, FL 33701 :: (727) 821-5800© Copyright 2017 Trend Magazines Inc. All rights reserved.
    



Ballot Box
Subscribe













Content about John P. Tague | HBS Dealer
































































Open search form

Log In / Create an Account  


Toggle navigation


youtube
linkedin
facebook
twitter
rss


Pro Dealer

Chain Store Age


















    July 12, 2011



Greatwide announces new CEO







On July 11, Greatwide Logistics Services announced the selection of John P. Tague as its new CEO. Mr. Tague comes to the new position after eight years with United Airlines, where he served as President as well as other senior leadership positions including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Revenue Officer. 

 

 
                        ﻿  




		Newsletter Sign Up

Get the latest news sent to your inbox

     

 





























Popular
Most Commented





Is True Value about to be bought out?


True Value: reports and rumors


Do it Best creates a new executive post


America's favorite home improvement retailer is...


Notes from the California housing crisis






Stihl Hardware All Stars: Nev., N.H. and Pa.


Quikrete Industry Dashboard: June starts are in


84 Lumber Builds in Florida


Fypon rounds out its beam offerings


White House spotlights USA products

































Poll



Poll

How much stock do you put in the rumors of a potential sale of True Value Company? 

 Not much.


 A lot.


 Don't know.

 


















Special Reports

The 2016 Top 300 Industry Scoreboard
Sales for the year reached more than $249 billion combined among the Top 300 home improvement retailers. Spoiler: The Home Depot landed at No. 1. Again. 
 
Click here to view the Scoreboard.

The 2016 Top 200 Pro Dealer Scoreboard
Combined sales at the nation’s Top 200 dealers continued to rise with residential construction and the recovering U.S. economy. 
 
Click here to view the Scoreboard.




Current Issue
June 2017
 
Cover Story
Products that fly the flag. Pocketbook patriotism meets steady supply lines in this display of domestic manufacturing.
 
Also Inside 


		Advice from Women Who Mean Business

		A hardware store grows in Brooklyn

		Appliances for the independent

Click here to view the issue.











Products









Fypon rounds out its beam offerings



    Fypon is expanding its offering with new beam end caps and Mesa beam tops.





 
 






White House spotlights USA products



    President Donald Trump hosts a Made-in-America celebration.





 
 






REPORT: Amazon appliance fears may be overblown



    The Sears/Amazon partnership sent the market into a tizzy yesterday. But one...

 








Featured Product

Cobra Skinny Snake

















John P Tague - Carmel, IN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John P Tague in Carmel, IN


John P Tague

                                                                           Intelius found that John P Tague  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Carmel, IN.  We have connected them to
                17 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 9 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

John A Tague


Get Report Now

Age

John P Tague is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Carmel, IN
Carmel, CA
Lake Bluff, IL

John's Relatives

Nancy Tague
Matthew Tague
Jacob Tague
Keegan Tague







John P Tague



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at Reddy Ice Holdings Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John P Tague
Get a Criminal Check on John P Tague
Get a Public Record Report on John P Tague
Get a People Search Report on John P Tague


John P Tague's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John P Tague has lived as well as John P Tague's phone numbers and email addresses.




John P Tague Has Lived in 6 States
Indiana Address for John P Tague


9700 S********** D* 

Carmel, IN


Has Lived In

Carmel, IN
Carmel, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John P Tague

(940) ***-**** - Pilot Point, TX 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(972) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John P Tague

j****e@***.com
j****t@***.com


Get Email Report




John P Tague's Professional Information
Information regarding John P Tague's professional history.  Find out previous places John P Tague has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John P Tague Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Reddy Ice Holdings Inc
               Title: Board Member
Company: Logistics Insurance Company
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
John P Tague's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Reddy Ice Holdings Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000. Reddy Ice Holdings, Inc. is a manufacturer and distributor of packaged ice in the United States, serving approximately 82,000 customer locations in 31 states and the District of Columbia under the Reddy Ice brand name. The Company's principal product is ice packaged in 7- to 50-pound bags, which it sells to a diversified customer base, including supermarkets, mass merchants and convenience stores. During the year ended December 31, 2007, it sold approximately 1.9 million tons of ice. In 2007, traditional ice manufacturing and Ice Factory sales accounted for approximately 90% and 10% of the Company's ice segment revenues, respectively. In September 2007, the Company announced that it had completed the divestiture of its bottled water business and substantially all of its cold storage business.(Source: 10-K).
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Logistics Insurance Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on John P Tague

 See John P Tague's LinkedIn Profile



John P Tague's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John P Tague


John P Tague's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John P Tague's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Tague
Username Matches

                  JohnTague
                  TagueJohn
                  John.Tague
                  Tague.John
                  John_Tague
                  Tague_John
                  John-Tague
                  Tague-John
                  JTague
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Tague







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 




	Hertz Taps Former Airline Exec Its President, CEO - Rental Operations - Auto Rental News



































































Auto Rental News













 Facebook
 Twitter
 LinkedIn
 Google+
 Job Finder
 Newsletter
 RSS









Home
Fleet Acquisition
Remarketing
Rental Software
Telematics
Fleet Insurance
Rental Operations






Hertz Taps Former Airline Exec Its President, CEO
November 20, 2014 in Rental Operations



Print










John Tague. Photo courtesy of Hertz Corp.



Hertz Global Holdings Inc. today announced that John P. Tague has been appointed president and chief executive officer and to the company's board of directors, effective November 21, 2014.
Tague's appointment follows a search conducted by the Hertz Board of Directors. The search process was overseen by the board's CEO Search Committee, which is made up of five independent directors, including two recently appointed as part of an agreement with Carl C. Icahn, says the company.
Serving as former president and chief operating officer of United Airlines, Tague is credited with innovative product and pricing programs that drove strong financial performance as well as improved customer satisfaction, according to Hertz.
Most recently, Tague served as chairman and chief executive officer of Cardinal Logistics Holdings, a transportation and logistics provider and private-equity backed company.
"I am honored to have been selected to lead Hertz to its full potential at a time of unprecedented opportunity for the company and industry,” said Tague. “I look forward to partnering with Hertz employees as we work to earn sustained industry leadership for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and team."
"John is a leader whose record shows a relentless focus on execution and high performance, having driven the successful turnaround of other large, complex consumer facing companies such as United Airlines,” said Linda Fayne Levinson, independent non-executive chair of the Hertz Board.
"My team and I, along with Linda Fayne Levinson and other members of the Hertz Search Committee, spent a significant amount of time with a number of highly qualified candidates,” said Carl C. Icahn, chairman of Icahn Enterprises L.P. “The Committee performed an extensive search for the CEO position before the Committee and the Board unanimously selected John Tague as the next CEO of Hertz. I have been involved in a number of CEO searches during the last decade and have been quite impressed by the knowledge and imagination of a number of these candidates, many of whom have turned into very successful CEOs. I am happy to say that after listening to John's ideas concerning Hertz and evaluating what he has accomplished at United, I believe he ranks at or near the top of the group.”




Tags: Board of Directors, Hertz Global Holdings Inc., Carl Icahn, Chief Operating Officer, John Tague




Comments


DTG Employee [ November 21, 2014 @ 12:28PM ]
Mr.Tague - Welcome and Good luck! !Welcome to one of the worst companies in the world & Good luck with the worst Senior mgmt team in fhe industry! !To succeed you have to change the culture. The company is managed by FEAR! The DTG folks are treated like dirt! The SMT including all the RVP's & most of ZVP's must go.May God help you!!


Concerned DTAG Employee [ November 21, 2014 @ 10:36PM ]
I couldn’t agree more with the prior comment.  The head of the snake (that would be the former CEO Mark Frissora in case you were wondering!) has fallen at Hertz.  But, many of his “crony’s” are still around, and still in charge… (most of whom should’ve been let go right along with the SNAKE!!!)  So, it’s business as usual as far as they’re concerned… (meaning things still get done THE HERTZ WAY or NO WAY AT ALL!!)   Within the Hertz Organization there absolutely exists a culture that controls by FEAR!  It’s the type of fear that drives Senior Management to NOT LISTEN to reason or accept good COMMON SENSE ideas that could help the company move forward in the right direction… it’s the type of fear that drives Senior Management to talk down to its employees and make them feel like nothing!... it’s the type of fear that “ALLOWS” an accounting scandal to go virtually unchecked for years without so much as a peep out of someone at the top!... (that parts a scandal all its own!)  The effort to integrate Dollar Thrifty onto the Hertz Systems has been, (and Continues To Be!), disastrous to say the least.  We will never achieve integration anytime soon as long as Hertz continues to stick to its guns to convert DTAG Systems onto “OLD”, “OUTDATED” or “ANTIQUATED” systems!  There’s a better/faster way to get the job done in half the time.  A successful integration, (which is what we all want in the end), is definitely achievable, but that success is only possible if Senior Management is ready to LISTEN and MAKE SOME VERY TOUGH CHANGES!


Almost a former DTAG emp. [ November 24, 2014 @ 11:38AM ]
Ditto on both comments.


Former Hertz employee [ December 2, 2014 @ 09:02PM ]
Wow, I couldn't agree more!!!They lost so many talented managers and employees. The ZVPs,RVPs,SVPs including some of the SPHRs are bunch of incompetent "YES" type of people who drove Hertz to the ground. They actually stop maintenance expenses at the last month of the year and carry the expenses to the next year so they can look good in papers!!!!!! what a schmock!!!  (These people)get promoted because they are safe and can be trusted, not because they are competent. Good Luck!!!!! 


former customer [ March 17, 2015 @ 01:20PM ]
The new CEO is treating the car rental business like the airline. He decided to charge customers a $25.00 fee to give a customer who are running late,elderly, disabled or have children a ride to the airport. This service is called terminal direct and is now an option when you rent a car. This service was offered for free before he got there. What ever happened to the customer comes first? I hope Hertz enjoys the loss of customers due to poor customer service and greed. I will be bringing my business to another car rental agency with the rest of my employees! !! Enjoy your 1.45 million dollar salary for running a once good business into the ground! !!!


americanjj [ April 14, 2015 @ 09:48AM ]
I placed a rental reservation for a Thrifty van online from Carrentals.com in Feb 2015.The picture of the vehicle I chose was a  Dodge Grand Caravan (and in parenthesis it said "or similar"). It showed a picture of 7 little men and 4 suitcases as a reference to what capacity the van would handle. Since I have a family of 6, I felt that based upon the picture and the capacity listed that it would be a great fit for our 13 hour drive. I picked up my van from the Carmel, Indiana office on April 2nd, 2015. There was one van left on the lot - a FORD TRANSIT CONNECT. For many of you who don't know what one looks like, go online to a Ford website and check it out. It does NOT hold 7 people and 4 suitcases. It is the equilvelent of a service vehicle with 13 inch wheels and a small gas tank that required filling up 1 and a half more times than the people I was traveling with- who rented from Enterprise a Chrysler Town and Country and had PLENTY of room for a few dollars more than the deal I was supposed to get from Thrifty. When I asked Enterprise if they would price match, they said they didn't do that since Thrifty's cars were inferior to theirs. At the time, I laughed at that statement since a Chrysler and Dodge are basically the same vehicle. Guess Enterprise was right.When I questioned the van, I was told it was the last on the lot and that they even had to go somewhere else to get that ugly inferior FORD TRANSIT. They were completely out. They guy in front of me got the last one. That was the most uncomfortable van I have ever been in. It does not fit 4 suitcases. We had to put clothes in duffle bags and sit them inbetween my sons and under their feet - MAJOR SAFETY VIOLATION!!!When I brought the van back and told them the issues, they were unwilling to compensate me for the switcheroo they pulled. I contacted customer service today and the gal on the other end told me that the description of the van matches the website. Obviously, she was looking at her own company's website and not a FORD website. Anybody who looks at the picture of this clown car would know immediately that it doesn't meet the specifications of what was advertised on the website. Anyhow, she didn't want to do anything but send a $70 voucher off our next rental. She went on the explain that sometimes they get people who come in last minute to rent a vehicle or that they overbook and she could not guarantee that this same thing wouldn't happen again.  Really?? And you really think I am going to rent from you again with the lousy $70 vouchers you offered as compensation??? I really feel this is BAD procedures for rentals and even WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I will be sending a letter to the CEO, BBB and since I work in the service industry and see alot of people everyday, I will be telling everyone I know about my experience and advising them to NEVER RENT FROM THRIFTY.





Comment On This Story



Name: Required



Email: Required




Comment: (Max. 10000 characters) Required



Please leave blank:











                * Please note that every comment is moderated.
            









Essentials

News
Auto Focus Blog
Magazine
Read the Latest Digital Issue
ARN Past Issues
Whitepapers
Directory
Legal & Legislative
Research & Statistics
International Car Rental Show
Auto Rental Summit
Photo Galleries










 


Magazine


In This Issue:
How Social Media Impacts Customer Service
Maintaining Customer Service When the Rental Goes Bad
How to Drive Positive Customer Interaction


Subscribe to the Magazine








 













Newsletter: Sign up to receive latest news, articles, and much more.
Read the latest
Reporter
Global Reporter
Sign up for the newsletters







Most Viewed Stories

Enterprise to Rent Pickup Trucks for Personal Use


DriveNow to Launch Carsharing Service in Lisbon


Zipcar to End Carsharing Service in Austria


June Airport Rates Up After Several Month Slump


Avis Budget to Change Billing Practices for Cashless Toll





Auto Focus Blog: A blog covering fleets, auto rental and the business of cars

Car Rental Rates Up, Fleet Sales Down — Correlation?
Car rental companies’ recent fleet discipline is needed now more than ever. 


Hertz, Avis Autonomy Partnerships: Good First Steps on a Long Path
Two new autonomous vehicle project partnerships bring the importance of fleet management to the fore. 


An Inside Look at Car Rental in China
A trip to a new car rental convention in Guangzhou reveals a booming market, yet one facing unique challenges.


view all posts








Popular Tags

Airport Rentals
Avis
Avis Budget Group
Awards
Carsharing
Customer Service
Dollar Thrifty Automotive Group
Enterprise Holdings
Enterprise Rent-A-Car
Europcar
Financial Report
Hertz
International Rentals
Mobile Apps
Online Booking
Rental Rates
Ride Hailing
Sixt
Travel Industry
Zipcar


view all tags








Job Finder: Access Top Talent. Fill Key Positions.




>

















Topics
Home
Fleet Acquisition
Remarketing
Rental Software
Telematics
Fleet Insurance
Rental Operations




News
Auto Focus Blog
Magazine
Read the Latest Digital Issue
ARN Past Issues
Whitepapers
Directory
Legal & Legislative
Research & Statistics
International Car Rental Show
Auto Rental Summit
Photo Galleries





Services
Subscribe
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
Online Store
Privacy
Site Map




Follow Us
 Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
Job Finder
Newsletter
RSS






	    Copyright © 2017 Auto Rental News.  All rights reserved.
        



























John P Tague - Pilot Point, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John P Tague in Pilot Point, TX


John P Tague

                                                                           Intelius found that John P Tague  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Pilot Point, TX.  We have connected them to
                17 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 9 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

John A Tague


Get Report Now

Age

John P Tague is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Pilot Point, TX
Carmel, IN
Lake Bluff, IL

John's Relatives

Nancy Tague
Matthew Tague
Jacob Tague
Keegan Tague







John P Tague



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at Reddy Ice Holdings Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John P Tague
Get a Criminal Check on John P Tague
Get a Public Record Report on John P Tague
Get a People Search Report on John P Tague


John P Tague's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John P Tague has lived as well as John P Tague's phone numbers and email addresses.




John P Tague Has Lived in 6 States
Texas Address for John P Tague


12232 S**** J*** R* 

Pilot Point, TX


Has Lived In

Pilot Point, TX
Carmel, IN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John P Tague

(940) ***-**** - Pilot Point, TX 
(214) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 
(972) ***-**** - Dallas, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John P Tague

j****e@***.com
j****t@***.com


Get Email Report




John P Tague's Professional Information
Information regarding John P Tague's professional history.  Find out previous places John P Tague has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John P Tague Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Reddy Ice Holdings Inc
               Title: Board Member
Company: Logistics Insurance Company
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
John P Tague's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Reddy Ice Holdings Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000. Reddy Ice Holdings, Inc. is a manufacturer and distributor of packaged ice in the United States, serving approximately 82,000 customer locations in 31 states and the District of Columbia under the Reddy Ice brand name. The Company's principal product is ice packaged in 7- to 50-pound bags, which it sells to a diversified customer base, including supermarkets, mass merchants and convenience stores. During the year ended December 31, 2007, it sold approximately 1.9 million tons of ice. In 2007, traditional ice manufacturing and Ice Factory sales accounted for approximately 90% and 10% of the Company's ice segment revenues, respectively. In September 2007, the Company announced that it had completed the divestiture of its bottled water business and substantially all of its cold storage business.(Source: 10-K).
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Logistics Insurance Company
Job Details
               Company Size: $500 mil to less than $1 bil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on John P Tague

 See John P Tague's LinkedIn Profile



John P Tague's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John P Tague


John P Tague's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John P Tague's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Tague
Username Matches

                  JohnTague
                  TagueJohn
                  John.Tague
                  Tague.John
                  John_Tague
                  Tague_John
                  John-Tague
                  Tague-John
                  JTague
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Tague







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







