










 













 







Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp - Construction- Burgess  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp

      Industry: Construction
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Tailwind Capital 485 Lexington Avenue, 23 Rd Floor 
    New York, NY, 10017Phone: 212-271-3800 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-03-01


New


$843,782


$843,782


Other


06b


SEC link




	2016-10-24


New


$118,327,251


$118,327,251


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 J. Joseph Burgess 
 Director 


 Jeffrey Calhoun 
 Director, Executive 


 Finlay Cumming 
 Director, Executive 


 Michael Jensen 
 Director 


 Andrew Mayer 
 Director, Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp SEC Filings





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (10) | Filings (2) | Investment rounds (2)
Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp SEC Filings


Filings


Filing dateFormDescriptionQuarterYear
 2017-03-01D12017view 2016-10-24D42016view

    Page:  
     1 





Form 10-K
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.
Form 10-K/A
Amended Form 10-K
Form 10-Q
The SEC form 10-Q is a comprehensive report of a company's performance that must be submitted quarterly by all public companies to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 10-Q, firms are required to disclose relevant information regarding their financial position. The form must be submitted on time, and the information should be available to all interested parties. 

The 10-Q is due 35 days (it used to be 45 days) after each of the first three fiscal quarters. There is no filing after the fourth quarter because that is when the 10-K is filed.
Form 10-Q/A
Amended Form 10-Q
Form 3
A document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by an insider affiliated with a public company's operation or by any investor owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding shares

This document must be filed with the SEC no later than 10 days after an insider becomes affiliated with a company, and it must be filed for each company in which a person is an insider, regardless of whether or not the insider has an equity position in the company at that time.
Form 3/A
Amended Form 3
Form 4
A Form 4 is a document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) whenever there is a material change in the holdings of company insiders. Insiders required to submit a Form 4 include directors and officers of the company as well as any shareholders owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding stock.

This two-page document covers any buy-and-sell orders on the open market as well as the exercise of company stock options. A Form 4 is mandatory within two business days starting from the end of the day the material transaction occurred. This filing is related to Form 3 and the Form 5, which also cover changes to the company insider holdings.
Form 4/A
Amended Form 4
Form 5
The annual statement of beneficial ownership of securities.
Form 5/A
Amended Form 5
Form 8-K
An 8-K is a report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes at a company that could be of importance to the shareholders or the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Examples of events reported on an 8-K include acquisition, bankruptcy, resignation of directors, or a change in the fiscal year. Also known as Form 8k.
Form D
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.
Form D/A
Amended Form D
Form DEF 14A
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that must be filed by or on behalf of a registrant when a shareholder vote is required. SEC Form DEF 14A is most commonly used in conjunction with an annual meeting proxy. The form should provide security holders with sufficient information to allow them to make an informed vote at an upcoming security holders' meeting or to authorize a proxy to vote on their behalf. It includes information about the date, time and place of the meeting of security holders; revocability of proxy; dissenter's right of appraisal; persons making the solicitation; direct or indirect interest of certain persons in matters to be acted upon; modification or exchange of securities; financial statements; voting procedures; and other details. 

All other filed by non-management definitive proxy statements - typically an annual meeting proxy.

Form DEF 14A, which is also known as "definitive proxy statement", is required under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This form is filed with the SEC when a definitive proxy statement is given to shareholders and helps the SEC ensure that shareholders' rights are upheld.
Form S-1
The SEC form S-1 is the initial registration form for new securities required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public companies. Any security that meets the criteria must have an S-1 filing before shares can be listed on a national exchange. 

Form S-1 requires companies to provide information on the planned use of capital proceeds, detail the current business model and competition, as well provide a a brief prospectus of the planned security itself, offering price methodology, and any dilution that will occur to other listed securities. The SEC also requires the disclosure of any material business dealings between the company and its directors and outside counsel. 

Form S-1 is also known as the "Registration Statement Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933". 

Investors can view S-1 filings online to perform due diligence on new offerings prior to their issue. The form is sometimes amended as material information changes or general market conditions cause a delay in the offering. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1933, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act, which is requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered, and to prohibit fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 

A less rigid registration form is the S-3, which is for companies that don't have the same ongoing reporting requirements.
















 







Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (10) | Filings (2) | Investment rounds (2)
CIK Number: 0001687927IRS Number: 813983783Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp is on the market less than 5 years.

Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp addressC/O TAILWIND CAPITAL485 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 23RD FLOORNEW YORK 10017
Company jurisdiction
DELAWARE  
  Entity type
Corporation 
Earliest known filing
October 2016
Latest known filing
March 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp has 2 filings. View Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp filings.
Investment RoundsTailwind Cumming Holding Corp recieved 2 investments.
PeopleWe have found 10 people related to Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp.
Similar companiesTailwinds Portfolio, LP, TAILWIND SPORTS CORP, Tailwind Premier Holdings, LLC, Tailwind Iowa City, LLC, TAILWIND FINANCIAL INC., Tailwind Eureka Holding Corp, Tailwind Colony Holding Corp., Tailwind Cedar Falls, LLC, Tailwind Capital Partners(ERISA) LP, Tailwind Capital Partners(AI) LP, TAILWIND CAPITAL PARTNERS PP LP, TAILWIND CAPITAL PARTNERS LP, TAILWIND CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC, Tailwind Capital Partners II, L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (PP), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (ERISA), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (Cayman), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (AI), L.P., TAILWIND CAPITAL PARTNERS ERISA LP, TAILWIND CAPITAL PARTNERS CAYMAN LP, Tailwind AST Holding Corp














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp. 







Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp  Funding details


Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp Industry: ConstructionCIK Number: 0001687927IRS Number: 813983783Address: C/O TAILWIND CAPITAL 485 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 23RD FLOOR NEW YORK 10017Phone number: 212-271-3800



Latest news
Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp raised $843,782 from 11 investors on 2017-03-01.



Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-03-01New Form D$843,782$843,7820$01106b[SEC Filing]2016-10-24New Form D$118,327,251$118,327,2510$03706b[SEC Filing]
Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp raised $119,171,033 in total.



Directors and Executives of Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp
Key People in Tailwind Cumming Holding Corp:

Jeffrey CalhounAndrew MayerFinlay CummingMichael JensenJ. Burgess
Similar companiesTailwinds Portfolio, LP, Tailwind Capital Partners II (AI), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (Cayman), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (ERISA), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II (PP), L.P., Tailwind Capital Partners II, L.P., Tailwind Premier Holdings, LLC, Tailwind Colony Holding Corp., Tailwind Cedar Falls, LLC, Tailwind Eureka Holding Corp, Tailwind AST Holding Corp, Tailwind Iowa City, LLC








Last visited companies: C.P.S. INSURANCE COMPANY, LTD, CETERA FINANCIAL SPECIALISTS LLC, CH Gresham, LLC, COMMUNITY ELF LLC, CORMATRIX CARDIOVASCULAR INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Tailwind Capital : Bio Print

























 


 








Overview
Straight Talk












Our Approach
Selected Investments































~ INVESTMENT TEAM ~







 David S.  Gorton 

Managing DirectorOffice: 212-271-3885
dgorton@tailwind.com


David rejoined Tailwind in 2015 as a Managing Director following three years at J.F. Lehman & Co. David was a Vice President at Tailwind from 2009 to 2012. Prior to Tailwind, David worked as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers, in the mergers and acquisitions group at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and in the Washington D.C. Office of U.S. Senator Bill Frist. David is a graduate of Vanderbilt University and Emory University School of Law.









 Jeffrey M. Calhoun 

PartnerOffice: 212-271-3884
jcalhoun@tailwind.com


A member of the Tailwind Team since 2003, Jeff rejoined Tailwind in 2008 after a year at Telegraph Hill Partners. Earlier in his career, he worked as an investment banker at Montgomery Securities and Thomas Weisel Partners. Jeff is a graduate of Tufts University, and the University of California, Berkeley Haas School of Business.









 James S. Hoch 

PartnerOffice: 212-271-3870
jhoch@tailwind.com


Jim founded Tailwind in 2003, following nearly two decades at Morgan Stanley and its private equity affiliate, Morgan Stanley Capital Partners, where he was a Managing Director, led the firm’s European activities, and was a member of the investment committee. He is a graduate of Williams College and of the Harvard Business School.









 Geoffrey S. Raker 

PartnerOffice: 212-271-3890
graker@tailwind.com


Geoff joined Tailwind in 2003 and has 24 years of experience in the healthcare sector as a private equity investor, investment banker and consultant with Warburg Pincus, Morgan Stanley, and Bain & Company. He is a graduate of Brown University, and of the Harvard Business School.









 Frank V. Sica 

PartnerOffice: 212-271-3882
fsica@tailwind.com


Frank arrived at Tailwind in 2006 after two decades in the private equity business at Soros Fund Management and Morgan Stanley. At Soros, he was President of Soros Private Funds Management, where he oversaw private equity and real estate activities and chaired the investment committee. Frank was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley and its private equity affiliate, Morgan Stanley Capital Partners, where he also served as Co-CEO. Earlier in his career, he was a Managing Director in Morgan Stanley’s M&A department. Frank is a graduate of both Wesleyan University and the Amos Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College, and was an officer in the U.S. Air Force.









 Lawrence B. Sorrel 

Managing PartnerOffice: 212-271-3888
lsorrel@tailwind.com


Larry founded Tailwind in 2003. He worked previously at Welsh, Carson, Anderson, & Stowe as a general partner and as a member of the management and investment committees. Larry was a Managing Director and a member of the investment committee at Morgan Stanley and its private equity affiliate, Morgan Stanley Capital Partners. He is a graduate of Brown University, Harvard Law School, and the Harvard Business School.









 Adam F. Stulberger 

PartnerOffice: 212-271-3880
astulberger@tailwind.com


Adam joined Tailwind in 2003 from SpectraSite Communications, where he served as Chief Development Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the company’s European operations. He specialized in media/communications during his years at Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse, which followed his experience as a corporate attorney at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz. He is a graduate of Lafayette College and of the New York University School of Law.









 William A. Fleder 

Vice PresidentOffice: 212-271-3891
wfleder@tailwind.com


Will joined Tailwind in 2011 after prior experience at Miller Buckfire and Lehman Brothers. He is a graduate of Tufts University.









 Caitlin B. Guinee 

Vice PresidentOffice: 212-271-5775
cguinee@tailwind.com


Caki joined Tailwind in 2014 after prior experience at Lazard Frères and Eaglevale Partners. She is a graduate of Amherst College.









 Brian S. Berkin 

PrincipalOffice: 212-271-5769
bberkin@tailwind.com


Brian joined Tailwind in 2017 after prior experience as a Principal at Chicago Pacific Founders and a Vice President at LLR Partners. Previously, he held positions at RoundTable Healthcare Partners and Credit Suisse. He received his B.B.A. degree from the University of Michigan and received his M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.









 Andrew R. Mayer 

PrincipalOffice: 212-271-3898
amayer@tailwind.com


Andrew joined Tailwind in 2012, after prior experience at Thomas H. Lee Partners and Deutsche Bank. He is a graduate of Dartmouth College and The Wharton School of Business.









 Jacob S. Olson 

Vice PresidentOffice: 212-271-5772
jolson@tailwind.com


Jake was an Associate at Tailwind from 2010 to 2012 and returned to Tailwind in 2014 as a Vice President after graduating from Columbia Business School. Prior to Tailwind, he worked at Barclays Capital and Lehman Brothers. He is a graduate of Columbia University, where he received both his B.A. degree and his M.B.A.









 Alicia  Barroso 

AssociateOffice: 212-271-3883 
abarroso@tailwind.com


Alicia joined Tailwind in 2016 after prior experience at JP Morgan. She is a graduate of the University of Miami.









 David E. Calamai 

Senior AssociateOffice: 212-271-3895
dcalamai@tailwind.com


Dave joined Tailwind in 2014 after prior experience at Morgan Stanley. He is a graduate of the University of Virginia where he received his B.A. and M.S. (finance).









 Nicholas A. Cincotta 

AssociateOffice: 212-271-5771
ncincotta@tailwind.com


Nick joined Tailwind in 2015 after prior experience at Citigroup. He is a graduate of Georgetown University.









 Matthew J. Rhone 

Senior AssociateOffice: 212-271-5767
mrhone@tailwind.com


Matt joined Tailwind in 2013 after prior experience at Jefferies & Company. He is a graduate of Amherst College.









 R. Tyler Reece 

AssociateOffice: 212-271-4923
treece@tailwind.com


Tyler joined Tailwind in 2015 after prior experience at BlackRock Private Equity Partners. He is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania.









 Blake A. Shapskinsky 

AssociateOffice: 212-271-5774 
bshapskinsky@tailwind.com 


Blake joined Tailwind in 2017 after prior experience at Deutsche Bank. He is a graduate of Middlebury College.









 Sean L. Gagnon 

Principal & Chief Financial OfficerOffice: 212-271-3893
sgagnon@tailwind.com


Sean joined Tailwind in 2007.  Prior to Tailwind, he was an audit manager at Eisner LLP (now EisnerAmper LLP). A graduate of the State University of New York College at Geneseo, Sean is a Certified Public Accountant.









 Sneha   Devadason 

Principal & General Counsel Office: 212-271-3874
sdevadason@tailwind.com


Sneha joined Tailwind in 2015 following seven years as Associate General Counsel at Citigroup, where she supported Citi Venture Capital International, a Citi controlled private equity fund. Prior to that she practiced corporate law at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett and Friedman Kaplan Seiler & Adelman where she focused on private equity investments and mergers and acquisitions. Sneha received her J.D. and LL.M. from Columbia Law School.









 Syed  O.  Mohsin 

Controller Office: 212-271-3881
smohsin@tailwind.com


Syed joined Tailwind in 2016.  Prior to Tailwind, he spent 10 years at Deloitte & Touche LLP. A graduate of Baruch College and New York University, Leonard N. Stern School of Business, Syed is a Certified Public Accountant.









 Jenny  Zhao 

Assistant ControllerOffice: 212-271-5765
jzhao@tailwind.com


Jenny joined Tailwind in 2015 after prior experience at Lindsay Goldberg LLC and KPMG LLP. A graduate of Rutgers University, Jenny is a Certified Public Accountant.









 Madeleine P.  Brooks 

Senior Tax AccountantOffice: 212-271-3877
mbrooks@tailwind.com


Maddy joined Tailwind in 2017 after prior experience at Ernst & Young LLP. She is a graduate of Syracuse University and Long Island University - CW Post.









 Mary J. Hawes 

Investor Relations AssociateOffice: 212-271-3894
mhawes@tailwind.com


Mary joined Tailwind in 2003. She is a graduate of Fordham University.









 Marina  Margarucci 

SENIOR ACCOUNTANTOffice: 212-271-3896
mmargarucci@tailwind.com


Marina joined Tailwind in 2015 after prior experience at Integro Insurance Brokers, Untracht Early LLC and CAN Capital, Inc. A graduate of Rutgers University, Marina is a Certified Public Accountant.









 Geoffrey  Baird  

OPERATING EXECUTIVEOffice: 


Geoffrey Baird assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on business services opportunities with a particular focus on technology services. Geoffrey serves on the Board of Directors of Diversified and AST and serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Stratix. Geoffrey Baird is a high tech veteran with experience leading businesses in the mobile, Internet of Things (IoT) and communications sectors.  Most recently, Geoffrey served as President of the Product & Technology Group at AGT International, an innovator in the IoT, having started with AGT as CEO of 3i-MIND, a data science company. Prior to his time at AGT, Geoffrey worked at Avaya, serving as Vice President and General Manager of the Small Medium Business Unit and the Communications Appliances Business Unit, responsible for $1 billion in revenues and 600 global employees. Previously, Geoffrey has served as CEO of mobile technology firms Commtag and Xtempus and as COO of Psion Computing, a pioneer in the personal mobile computing space, in the United Kingdom.
Geoffrey currently serves as a director of iJET International.  He began his career in the mid-market technology space in the United Kingdom, before moving to the United States in 2004.  Geoffrey received his M.B.A with distinction from the London Business School and a BSc in Cybernetics and Mathematics from the University of Reading, UK.









 Eran  Broshy 

OPERATING EXECUTIVEOffice: 


Mr. Broshy serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of DermaRite and assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on healthcare opportunities. Mr. Broshy has over 30 years of management experience within the healthcare industry, including serving as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of inVentiv Health, Inc. for over a decade.  Mr. Broshy took inVentiv public in 1999, and under his leadership transformed the company into the leading provider of clinical and commercialization services to the global pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, growing revenue from $215 million in 2002 to $1.1 billion in 2008. In 2010, Mr. Broshy led the company's $1.2 billion go-private transaction.  Subsequent to inVentiv Health, Mr. Broshy partnered with a number of private equity firms to evaluate healthcare investment opportunities.
Prior to inVentiv Health, Mr. Broshy spent 14 years at The Boston Consulting Group, Inc. (BCG), where he was responsible for the firm's healthcare practice across the Americas. At BCG, Mr. Broshy consulted widely with senior executives from a number of major global pharmaceutical manufacturers, managed care organizations, and academic medical centers, leading solutions on a broad range of strategic, organizational and operational initiatives. Mr. Broshy also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Coelacanth Corporation, a privately-held biotechnology company.
Mr. Broshy currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of ERT and is on the Board of Directors of Magellan Health (Nasdaq: MGLN), Theravance Biopharma (Nasdaq: TBPH), and FDNA. He previously served on the Board of Directors of a number of healthcare companies, including inVentiv Health, Neurogen (Nasdaq: NRGN), ikaSystems, Virtual Radiologic, and HeartFlow. He also serves on the MIT Corporation Board and the MIT Science Dean's Advisory Council.
Mr. Broshy received an M.B.A from Harvard Business School, an M.S. from Stanford University, and a B.S. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.









 J. Joseph Burgess 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Burgess serves on the Board of Directors of Apex Companies, LLC and Cumming Group, Inc. and assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on industrial services opportunities. Mr. Burgess has over 30 years of experience managing large scale infrastructure and environmental businesses across a wide variety of sectors. Most recently, Mr. Burgess served as Chief Executive Officer and President at Aegion Corporation (NASDAQ: AEGN), a global leader in infrastructure protection and maintenance. Prior to Aegion, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Veolia Water North America, a leading provider of water and wastewater services to municipal, federal and industrial customers.  Prior to that, Mr. Burgess served as Executive Vice President for water systems operations for Ogden Projects (later renamed Covanta Water), a subsidiary of Ogden Corporation that specialized in waste-to-energy projects for municipalities.
Mr. Burgess serves on the U.S. Department of Commerce Manufacturing Council, focusing on energy policy. 
Mr. Burgess began his career at Monsanto Company.  Mr. Burgess received his bachelor's degree in accounting and finance from the University of Florida.









 Brian H. Burke * 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Burke currently serves as Chief Financial Officer of Apex Companies, LLC, a Tailwind portfolio company. Mr. Burke has over 25 years of experience operating, acquiring and building business services companies. Previously, Mr. Burke served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Archway Marketing Services, a North American provider of marketing logistics services which was previously a Tailwind portfolio company.  Prior to that, he was Vice President of Corporate Development for Snyder Communications (NYSE: SNC) where he was responsible sourcing acquisitions, and led the diligence and negotiation process for over 35 transactions.
Mr. Burke began his career in public accounting with Arthur Andersen in Washington, DC where he earned his CPA designation.  He holds a BS from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.









 Brian  Cahill * 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Cahill currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of Cumberland Consulting Group, LLC, a Tailwind portfolio company.  Mr. Cahill has more than 20 years of experience in the healthcare technology and services industry. Most recently, Mr. Cahill served as President and Chief Operating Officer of lifeIMAGE.  From 2001 to 2008, Mr. Cahill was Chief Executive Officer of ChartOne, Inc., a technology-enabled medical records services provider. He led the company through a significant turnaround and its eventual sale to HealthPort in 2008.  Prior to ChartOne, Mr. Cahill served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of HPR, a healthcare software company serving the payer community.
Mr. Cahill has served on the Board of Directors of Cumberland Consulting Group, LLC since 2011.  He previously served on the Board of Directors of a number of companies, including ChartOne and eWebHealth.
Mr. Cahill began his career at Epsilon, a pioneer organization in digital marketing and CRM technology, where he served in a variety of roles.  Mr. Cahill holds a BSBA from Western New England University and an MBA from Babson College.









 Cliff  Gookin 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Gookin assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence on healthcare opportunities with a particular emphasis on assisting portfolio companies in developing and executing add-on acquisition strategies; he currently works with Long's Drugs Inc. and Diamondback Drugs LLC. Mr. Gookin has over 30 years of M&A, strategic advisory and direct investment experience. He previously served as a Vice President of Business Development for Omnicare Inc. (NYSE:OCR), a Fortune 500 company, which provides comprehensive pharmaceutical services to the senior population across the United States, as well as outsourced services to the biopharmaceutical industry. During his tenure at Omnicare, Mr. Gookin was responsible for multiple acquisitions, which added significant revenue and expanded the company into the specialty pharmacy market. Previously, Mr. Gookin was a Managing Director at Gladstone Investment Corporation. Prior to Gladstone, Mr. Gookin served as Vice President of Lexmark International, Inc. (NYSE: LXK), where he led the company's corporate strategy and development activities.
Mr. Gookin was previously a member of the Board of Directors of G.S. Blodgett, one of the nation's largest commercial oven manufacturers, and eHealth Solutions. Mr. Gookin currently serves on the scholarship committee of the Board of Directors for the Providence Montessori School in Lexington, Kentucky and previously served as its Treasurer.
Mr. Gookin began his career at The First Boston Corporation (now Credit Suisse), working in the investment banking department and the private equity group. Mr. Gookin also worked at Bear Stearns & Co. and later led the M&A department for Rauscher Pierce Refsnes, Inc. He received an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from Claremont McKenna College.









 Mark  Lanigan 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Lanigan assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on opportunities across the firm's focus sectors with a particular emphasis on businesses based in the western half of the United States.  He serves on the Board of Directors of Lieberman Research Worldwide and serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lone Peak. Mr. Lanigan has almost 30 years of M&A, strategic advisory and private investment experience. In 2004, Mr. Lanigan co-founded Black Canyon Capital, a mid-market provider of private equity and debt.  Prior to founding Black Canyon, Mr. Lanigan was the Co-Head of the Los Angeles Investment Banking Department of Credit Suisse First Boston ("CSFB") and a member of the Investment Banking Executive Board. Prior to CSFB, Mr. Lanigan was the Head of the Los Angeles office of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
Mr. Lanigan currently serves on the Board of Directors of JDC Healthcare and Malibu Boats (NASDAQ: MBUU). He previously served on the Board of Directors of a number of companies, including Virgin America, Archway Marketing Services, Tasi Holdings, and Saunders & Associates. 
Mr. Lanigan began his career in investment banking at Drexel Burnham Lambert. Mr. Lanigan received a J.D. degree from Harvard Law School, a M.B.A. from Harvard Business School, and a B.A. degree summa cum laude from Colgate University.









 Fabian  McCarthy * 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. McCarthy currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of Diamondback Drugs, a Tailwind portfolio company. Mr. McCarthy has over 30 years of experience in the healthcare industry. Previously, Mr. McCarthy served as Executive Vice President, Operations of Freedom Innovations, LLC. Prior to Freedom, he spent 25 years at Aircast Incorporated, serving as Executive Vice President of Operations/New Product Development as the company grew from under $2 million to $100 million in annual global revenues. Following Aircast’s acquisition by dj Orthopedics, Mr. McCarthy was Aircast's General Manager and Vice President of International Operations focusing on the integration of dj Orthopedics and Aircast. Mr. McCarthy has extensive experience in scaling entrepreneurial businesses, lean manufacturing practices, new product development and holds several patents on orthopedic devices.









 Joseph W. Leary 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Leary assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on healthcare opportunities and serves on the Board of Directors of Edenbridge Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Leary has over 20 years of experience within the pharmaceutical industry.  Most recently, Mr. Leary served as the Chief Operating Officer of VersaPharm, a provider of generic pharmaceuticals which was previously a Tailwind portfolio company. While at VersaPharm, Mr. Leary was responsible for the company's distribution services, product supply chain and administrative operations, as well as all finance and accounting activity. Prior to his time at VersaPharm, Mr. Leary served as Group Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller of Taro Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: TARO), a multinational, generic pharmaceutical company.
Mr. Leary began his career at Pfizer (NYSE: PFE), as a member of the U.S. marketing team. Mr. Leary received an M.B.A. from the Leonard N. Stern School of Business at New York University and a B.S. from Syracuse University.










 A. Clayton  Perfall 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Perfall assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on business services opportunities and serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Diversified and Premier Store Fixtures.  Mr. Perfall has over 30 years of experience acquiring and building services companies, including extensive experience executing industry consolidations.  He previously served as the CEO of Archway Marketing Services, a North American provider of marketing logistics services which was previously a Tailwind portfolio company.  Previously, Mr. Perfall was CFO and director of Snyder Communications (NYSE:SNC).
Mr. Perfall currently serves as director and Chair of the Audit Committees of Colfax Corporation (NYSE:CFX) and Comstock Holding Companies (NASDAQ:CHCI). He served as director and Chair of the Audit Committee of InVentiv Health (NASDAQ:VTIV) from its formation in 1999 until its sale for $1.2 billion in 2010.  Mr. Perfall served as the Chair of the Board of Governors of St. Stephen’s & St. Agnes School in Alexandria, VA for five years and as a trustee of the St. Stephen’s & St. Agnes School Foundation.
Mr. Perfall began his career in public accounting with Arthur Andersen in Washington, DC where he earned his CPA designation and was admitted as a partner. He received a B.B.A. from the College of William & Mary where he has served as a trustee for the Mason School of Business.









 John  J. Rando 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Rando assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on business services opportunities. He serves on the boards of Apex Companies, LLC, AST Corporation, Cumberland Consulting Group, LLC, Oceus Networks Inc. and Stratix Corporation. Mr. Rando has more than 35 years of experience in the IT industry. Formerly, he was a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Compensation Committee at Cognos Inc. (NASDAQ:COGN), a world leader in business intelligence and corporate performance management software, acquired by IBM in January 2008. Previously, as Senior Vice President and Group General Manager of Global Services for Compaq Computer Corporation and Digital Equipment Corporation, he was responsible for several billion in revenues and more than 27,000 service professionals worldwide. He was Chairman and President of Compaq’s Federal Systems LLC, a subsidiary responsible for Compaq’s U.S. Federal Government business.
Mr. Rando is a former director of Optimal, Cognos Inc. and several other public and private companies. He received a B.S. degree from Boston College and a Masters of Management from Northwestern University.









 Gurvendra S. Suri 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Suri assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on business services opportunities with a particular focus on technology services. Mr. Suri serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of AST and serves on the Board of Directors of Stratix. Mr. Suri has over 30 years of experience within the technology industry and is recognized as one of the leading technologist and strategists. Most recently, Mr. Suri served as the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Optimal Solutions Integration, a global SAP consulting firm and former Tailwind portfolio company. Mr. Suri founded Optimal in 1995 and, under his leadership; the company grew into one of the largest independent pure-play SAP services firm and was acquired by NTT DATA in December 2013.  Mr. Suri was recognized as a 2011 Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year.
In 2003, Mr. Suri founded the Beyond Borders Foundation, which provides care and support for disadvantaged families and non-profit organizations across territorial borders.  Mr. Suri was recognized as a Dallas-Fort Worth Tech Titan Community Hero in 2010 for his philanthropic efforts.
Mr. Suri began his career in consulting, providing technology consulting services to a number of large global companies in North America, Europe, South America and Asia Pacific. Mr. Suri received an engineering degree in Computer Science from M.N.R. Engineering College in Allahabad, India.









 Christopher  M. Temple 

Operating ExecutiveOffice: 


Mr. Temple assists Tailwind in sourcing, evaluating and performing due diligence and portfolio oversight on industrial services opportunities and serves on the Board of Directors of National HME, Inc. Mr. Temple has been an active private equity investor and alternative asset manager since 1995.  Prior to forming DelTex in 2010, he was President of Vulcan Capital, the private investment arm of Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen’s family office.  At Vulcan, Mr. Temple was responsible for a team of 17 investment professionals managing a $5+ billion portfolio of alternative assets including public and private equity as well as venture capital.  Prior to Vulcan, Mr. Temple was a senior investment professional at Tailwind Capital, Friend Skoler & Company, and Thayer Capital Partners.
In addition to direct investing activity, Mr. Temple currently serves on the Boards of Directors of the General Partner of Plains All American Pipeline, LP (NYSE:PAA), Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CCO) and Owl Rock Capital Corporation. Mr. Temple was previously a member of the Board of Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR) where he was instrumental in negotiating and implementing the company’s $9 billion debt restructuring and Chapter 11 reorganization on behalf of Vulcan.
Mr. Temple began his career in public accounting with KPMG in Houston, Texas where he earned a CPA designation. He received a B.B.A., magna cum laude, from the University of Texas at Austin and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.







   © 2017 Tailwind Capital Group, LLC. All rights reserved.   |   Design by Infinia Group LLC













Tailwind invests in Cumming Group - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Tailwind invests in Cumming Group


October 25, 2016
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Tailwind invests in Cumming Group
Tailwind Capital has made an undisclosed investment in Cumming Group, a portfolio company of Long Point Capital. Lincoln International advised Long Point and Cumming Point on the transaction. Cumming Group is a project management and cost management consultancy.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Tailwind Capital has made an undisclosed investment in Cumming Group, a portfolio company of Long Point Capital. Lincoln International advised Long Point and Cumming Point on the transaction. Cumming Group is a project management and cost management consultancy.
PRESS RELEASE
CHICAGO, IL – Lincoln International (“Lincoln”), a leading global mid-market investment bank, has announced that Cumming Group, Inc. (“Cumming” or the “Company”), a portfolio holding of Long Point Capital, Inc. (“Long Point”), has received a significant investment from Tailwind Capital (“Tailwind”).
Cumming is a leading, fully-integrated project management and cost management consultancy serving diverse sectors, including the education, healthcare, corporate, themed entertainment, public and retail sectors, worldwide. The Company’s comprehensive services add value and minimize risk at each stage of an existing or new building’s maintenance, renovation and/or development cycle. The Company’s leadership position is supported by its global scale (27 offices throughout the U.S., Europe and the Middle East), with the sector-specific and local knowledge of a boutique provider. Since 1996, market leaders have relied on Cumming to plan and manage their largest, most complex and highest profile projects on-time and on-budget.
Finlay Cumming, Cumming’s Founder and Chief Executive Officer, commented, “Lincoln’s unique insights, deep understanding of our business model and senior-level dedication throughout the process were instrumental in achieving a successful outcome with the right partner that allows Cumming to continue on its impressive growth trajectory.” 





Gerry Boylan, Partner at Long Point, added, “Lincoln’s industry expertise and tremendous execution created a highly efficient process, resulting in a great outcome for Cumming’s shareholders and management team. Lincoln’s global platform and access to key decision makers were critical in securing an exceptional new long-term partner for Cumming.”
Lincoln acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Long Point and the Company, working closely with the management team and shareholders throughout the process. This included providing M&A advisory expertise and managing the marketing, due diligence and negotiation phases of the engagement.
For more information on our Global Business Services Group Leadership Team, please visit our team page.
About Lincoln International
Lincoln International specializes in merger and acquisition advisory services, debt advisory services, private capital raising and restructuring advice on mid-market transactions. Lincoln International also provides fairness opinions, valuations and pension advisory services on a wide range of transaction sizes. With seventeen offices in the Americas, Asia and Europe, Lincoln International has strong local knowledge and contacts in key global economies. The firm provides clients with senior-level attention, in-depth industry expertise and integrated resources. By being focused and independent, Lincoln International serves its clients without conflicts of interest.
More information about Lincoln International can be obtained at www.lincolninternational.com. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Tailwind invests in Cumming Group
Tailwind Capital has made an undisclosed investment in Cumming Group, a portfolio company of Long Point Capital. Lincoln International advised Long Point and Cumming Point on the transaction. Cumming Group is a project management and cost management consultancy.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

Blackstone acquires Clarion Events from Providence
by Iris Dorbian

 













































Tailwind invests in Cumming Group - Blogs - Bloglikes






   Bloglikes  

Entertainment
Pics
Hobby
Travel
Tech
LifeStyle
Music
Society
Business
Art
News
Sport
Autos
Marketing
Politics
Science
Education
Shopping
Health
All
 




Home » PE Hub Blog » Tailwind invests in Cumming Group







Tailwind invests in Cumming Group








October 25, 2016 at 10:59 AMTailwind Capital has made an undisclosed investment in Cumming Group, a portfolio company of Long Point Capital. Lincoln International advised Long Point and Cumming Point on the transaction. Cumming Group is a project management and cost management consultancy.
PRESS RELEASE
CHICAGO, IL – Lincoln International (“Lincoln”), a leading global mid-market investment bank, has announced that Cumming Group, Inc. (“Cumming” or the “Company”), a portfolio holding of Long Point Capital, Inc. (“Long Point”), has received a significant investment from Tailwind Capital (“Tailwind”).
Cumming is a leading, fully-integrated project management and cost management consultancy serving diverse sectors, including the education, healthcare, corporate, themed entertainment, public and retail sectors, worldwide. The Company’s comprehensive services add value and minimize risk at each stage of an existing or new building’s maintenance, renovation and/or development cycle. The Company’s leadership position is supported by its global scale (27 offices throughout the U.S., Europe and the Middle East), with the sector-specific and local knowledge of a boutique provider. Since 1996, market leaders have relied on Cumming to plan and manage their largest, most complex and highest profile projects on-time and on-budget.
Finlay Cumming, Cumming’s Founder and Chief Executive Officer, commented, “Lincoln’s unique insights, deep understanding of our business model and senior-level dedication throughout the process were instrumental in achieving a successful outcome with the right partner that allows Cumming to continue on its impressive growth trajectory.”
Gerry Boylan, Partner at Long Point, added, “Lincoln’s industry expertise and tremendous execution created a highly efficient process, resulting in a great outcome for Cumming’s shareholders and management team. Lincoln’s global platform and access to key decision makers were critical in securing an exceptional new long-term partner for Cumming.”
Lincoln acted as the exclusive financial advisor to Long Point and the Company, working closely with the management team and shareholders throughout the process. This included providing M&A advisory expertise and managing the marketing, due diligence and negotiation phases of the engagement.
For more information on our Global Business Services Group Leadership Team, please visit our team page.
About Lincoln International
Lincoln International specializes in merger and acquisition advisory services, debt advisory services, private capital raising and restructuring advice on mid-market transactions. Lincoln International also provides fairness opinions, valuations and pension advisory services on a wide range of transaction sizes. With seventeen offices in the Americas, Asia and Europe, Lincoln International has strong local knowledge and contacts in key global economies. The firm provides clients with senior-level attention, in-depth industry expertise and integrated resources. By being focused and independent, Lincoln International serves its clients without conflicts of interest.
More information about Lincoln International can be obtained at www.lincolninternational.com.
 Tags: Europe, Trends, Middle East, Lincoln, Company, CUMMING, Americas Asia, Long Point, PE Deals, Lincoln International, Tailwind Capital LikeSource:  http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/pehub/blog/~3/2kLVGLYG_o0/
	Related:	
	October 25, 2016 at 10:47 AM European sports e-tailer 21sportsgroup attracts fundingOctober 25, 2016 at 10:44 AM Investcorp to acquire 3i Debt Management for £222 million: ReutersOctober 25, 2016 at 10:28 AM Pamlico backs 10th MagnitudeOctober 25, 2016 at 10:21 AM Resilience buys lighting products maker Luminance






Home
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
RSS Feeds
Popular Tags
Mobile version
 




		Copyright © 2014-2017 by BlogLikes.com
		All Rights Reserved.





