










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Takumi Capital Management, LP


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Takumi Capital Management, LP
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Takumi Capital Management, LP





















Takumi Capital Management, LP
is  a Delaware Hedge Fund located in New York,
New York.  
 

It was founded on Monday, September 01, 2014.






488 Madison Avenue 21st Floor
New York,
New York, 
10022 
United States
Phone: (646) 404-2741




Inception Date2014-09-01
Minimum Investment100.00K
CIK0001623458
JurisdictionDelaware
Updated2017-06-20 13:22:06.944757
NameTakumi Capital Management, LP
Latest Filing2016-11-03
As of Date2016-11-03
Inception2014-09-01
EIN471099788
Form D File Number021-227506
Private Fund ID805-8859188873
Legal Entity TypeLimited Partnership











Statements



Portfolio


Commitments and Contributions


Beneficial Owners


Private Investors






Advisers



Fund Managers: 1












03-17




Portfolios
12.30M











11-16
11-15
10-14




Commitments/Contributions
8.07M
6.97M
4.50M











03-17




Beneficial Owners
10.00











11-16
11-15
10-14




Investors
11.00
9.00
6.00







Fund Managers: 2016-11-03



Vis Advisors, LP
Delaware
































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC







Contact  Takumi Capital Management, LP  HomeTeamContact  Office      phone: 212-355-2592email: info@takumifund.com  488 Madison Avenue 21st floor New York, NY 10022      Contact        Copyright @ VIS Advisors, LP All rights reserved.​​DisclosureWARRANTIES & DISCLAIMERSThere are no warranties implied.VIS Advisors LP is a registered investment adviser located in Manhattan, NY. VIS Advisors LP may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. VIS Advisors LP’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of VIS Advisors LP’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as VIS Advisors LP’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by VIS Advisors LP with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of VIS Advisors LP, please contact the state securities regulators for those states in which VIS Advisors LP maintains a registration filing. A copy of VIS Advisors LP’s current written disclosure statement discussing VIS Advisors LP’s business operations, services, and fees is available at the SEC’s investment adviser public information website – www.adviserinfo.sec.gov or from VIS Advisors LP upon written request. VIS Advisors LP does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to VIS Advisors LP’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefor. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly. This website and information are provided for guidance and information purposes only.  Investments involve risk and unless otherwise stated, are not guaranteed.  Be sure to first consult with a qualified financial adviser and/or tax professional before implementing any strategy.  This website and information are not intended to provide investment, tax, or legal advice.  View on Mobile


TAKUMI CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TAKUMI CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Takumi Capital Management is based out of New York. Takumi Capital Management is a hedge fund  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $175,000,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-30).   The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-11-03. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TAKUMI CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




takumi capital management, lp


488 MADISON AVENUE 21ST FLOOR

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      646-404-2741







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 11/03/2016
D/A filed on 11/06/2015
D filed on 10/31/2014















View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

TAKUMI CAPITAL LLC
 





            
        


          Business Phone:
          970-294-4145
Fax:
              


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
1


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Performance-based fees,NEGOTIATED MANAGEMENT FEE



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-11-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
8,074,118
INDEFINITE


2015-11-06
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,974,117
INDEFINITE


2014-10-31
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Equity,Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
4,499,117
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




TOMOYUKI   IZUMI

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















Takumi Capital Management, LP  Takumi Capital Management, LP  Quality Business  Real opportunities are rare. We, then, tend to have concentrated portfolio and don't trade frequently."The stock market is a no-called-strike game. You don't have to swing at everything." - Warren Buffett  Margin of Safety  HomeTeamContact    Descipline  We own companies that have sustainable differentiating power.They have pricing power. Their customer relationship is sticky. They can increase their market presence overtime.  Takumi Capital Management, LP holds a concentrated portfolio of small-cap Japanese companies. We seek to only own undervalued, high-return, well managed businesses that provide clear value to their customers.  We take positions only when we can purchase companies at significantly lower prices than their intrinsic value. "In the short run, the market is a voting machine but in the long run, it is a weighing machine." - Ben Graham      Copyright @ VIS Advisors, LP All rights reserved.​​DisclosureWARRANTIES & DISCLAIMERSThere are no warranties implied.VIS Advisors LP is a registered investment adviser located in Manhattan, NY. VIS Advisors LP may only transact business in those states in which it is registered, or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration requirements. VIS Advisors LP’s web site is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its advisory services, together with access to additional investment-related information, publications, and links. Accordingly, the publication of VIS Advisors LP’s web site on the Internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as VIS Advisors LP’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the Internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by VIS Advisors LP with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. For information pertaining to the registration status of VIS Advisors LP, please contact the state securities regulators for those states in which VIS Advisors LP maintains a registration filing. A copy of VIS Advisors LP’s current written disclosure statement discussing VIS Advisors LP’s business operations, services, and fees is available at the SEC’s investment adviser public information website – www.adviserinfo.sec.gov or from VIS Advisors LP upon written request. VIS Advisors LP does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to VIS Advisors LP’s web site or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility therefor. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly. This website and information are provided for guidance and information purposes only.  Investments involve risk and unless otherwise stated, are not guaranteed.  Be sure to first consult with a qualified financial adviser and/or tax professional before implementing any strategy.  This website and information are not intended to provide investment, tax, or legal advice.    View on Mobile


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Takumi Capital Management  Filing. Tomoyuki Izumi  Submitted Nov 6  Form D – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Takumi Capital Management  Filing. Tomoyuki Izumi  Submitted Nov 6  Form D


11/06/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Takumi Capital Management  Filing. Tomoyuki Izumi  Submitted Nov 6  Form D and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/takumi-capital-management-filing-tomoyuki-izumi-submitted-nov-6-form-d/264705/.CaptchaSubmit
Takumi Capital Management Form D
The Connecticut-based Takumi Capital Management, Lp released D form regarding $6.97 million offering. The date of first sale was 2014-09-01. The Limited Partnership raised $6.97 million. The offering is still open. The total private offering amount amount was $6.97 million. The offering form was filed on 2015-11-06. Takumi Capital Management, Lp’s clarification was: unspecified. 
 Takumi Capital Management is based in Connecticut. The company’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The SEC form was signed by Tomoyuki Izumi CEO. The company was incorporated in 2014. The filler’s address is: 488 Madison Avenue 21St Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Tomoyuki Izumi is the related person in the form and it has address: 488 Madison Avenue 21St Floor, New York, Ny, New York, 10022. Link to Takumi Capital Management Filing: 000162345815000001.
Analysis of Takumi Capital Management Offering
On average, startups in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment interest. Takumi Capital Management sold 100.00 % of the offering. The average offering size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 71.83 % smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



9Mile Fund IIi  Filing. Kevin Croy  Released Nov 6  Form D Skywest Inc (NASDAQ:SKYW) Hedge Funds Quarterly Sentiment 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?



















 

Takumi Capital Management Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/173876-takumi-capital-management-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=173876  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Takumi Capital Management LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Takumi Capital Management Lp gets funded!Takumi Capital Management LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesNew YorkNew York CityIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 6th, 2015$6,974,117-View DealOctober 31st, 2014$4,499,117-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Takumi Capital Management Lp gets funded?Key peopleTomoyuki IzumiExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!