Tales2go - Android Apps on Google Play                                            Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch             Apps       My apps     Shop      Games     Family     Editors' Choice            Movies & TV       My movies & TV     Shop      TV     Family     Studios     Networks            Music       My music     Shop            Books       My books     Shop      Comics     Textbooks     Children's Books            Newsstand       My newsstand     Shop            Devices       Shop            Entertainment          Account     Redeem     Buy gift card     My wishlist     My Play activity     Parent Guide                  Categories              Android Wear  Art & Design  Auto & Vehicles  Beauty  Books & Reference  Business  Comics  Communication  Dating  Education  Entertainment  Events  Finance  Food & Drink  Health & Fitness  House & Home  Libraries & Demo  Lifestyle  Maps & Navigation  Medical  Music & Audio  News & Magazines  Parenting  Personalization  Photography  Productivity  Shopping  Social  Sports  Tools  Travel & Local  Video Players & Editors  Weather       Games    Action  Adventure  Arcade  Board  Card  Casino  Casual  Educational  Music  Puzzle  Racing  Role Playing  Simulation  Sports  Strategy  Trivia  Word       Family    Ages 5 & Under  Ages 6-8  Ages 9 & Up  Action & Adventure  Brain Games  Creativity  Education  Music & Video  Pretend Play                        Home            Top Charts            New Releases                                       Settings      Android Device Manager                       Tales2go           62        Tales2Go Inc.   Education         Everyone     Offers in-app purchases     Loading device compatibility...                         Add to Wishlist   Adding...   Added to Wishlist   Remove   Removing...      Item added to wishlist.     Item removed from wishlist.       1                Install                                                         Tales2go is your partner in the fight for better literacy. Children must be good listeners before they can become great readers. Repeated exposure to spoken sophisticated words drives vocabulary acquisition and retention, which is a key component of reading proficiency. Tales2go makes it easier and more cost-effective to add a listening component to reading instruction. The company streams over five thousand audio book titles from leading publishers to desktops, laptops and mobile devices in the classroom and beyond. Tales2go is used as a literacy tool in a growing number of schools and districts across the U.S., including Los Angeles USD, Broward County Schools, Berkeley USD and Heartland AEA.Award-winning app: Teachers' Choice Award for the Classroom, District Administrator Top 100 Product, Tech & Learning Award of Excellence, EdTech Digest Cool Tool Award Finalist for Best Mobile App Solution (Elementary); eSchool Media Readers' Choice Award, Tillywig Brain Child Award, Scholastic Instructor Fab 50 App, Parents’ Choice Gold Award, Mom's Choice Gold Award, NAPPA Gold Award and PTPA Media Award.Try Tales2Go for FREE for 30 days. Titles range from fairytales to classics like Curious George Rides a Bike to popular series and characters such as Diary of a Wimpy Kid and 39 Clues. New titles are added continually.  After the initial free period, choose either a monthly recurring or annual subscription to maintain unlimited access to the library. Log-in and -out up to FIVE simultaneous users on each account to access Tales2Go from multiple devices.      Read more                  My review                               Review from                                            Reviews       3.3        62 total      5   27   4   7   3   2   2   7   1   19       Helpfulness      Newest  Rating  Helpfulness                        Susanna Cover          Worst app ever. Love the service, but it stops playing sometimes every 30 seconds and sometimes I have to restart my phone. Also the search feature is poorly designed.                    Laurel Garber         I love this app and the joy it brings my family to listen to stories together. My only reason for not rating or higher is the bugs: we have great difficulty getting back to the main screen when a story is finished                    Shannon Razo         Love the service, not the app Tales2go is wonderful! The app is buggy though. Bookmarks make the book loop through the intro or some random amount of the book. Sometimes needs a force close, as it doesn't always respond.                    ruth parkinson         Love it Unlimited audio books.  As app grows choices increase.  Purchased full year at discount because I listen so often.                    Copram38614          Its dumb that you need WiFi for it                           LoveToRead I love reading and more!Sooooooooooooo much "Reading!"            User reviews               Susanna Cover  July 13, 2017                         Worst app ever. Love the service, but it stops playing sometimes every 30 seconds and sometimes I have to restart my phone. Also the search feature is poorly designed.   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. July 17, 2017  please email us at support@tales2go.com so we can help. thanks for your feedback.                  Laurel Garber  October 5, 2016                        I love this app and the joy it brings my family to listen to stories together. My only reason for not rating or higher is the bugs: we have great difficulty getting back to the main screen when a story is finished   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. March 13, 2017  Please know we have a new version of the app!                  Shannon Razo  April 23, 2016                        Love the service, not the app Tales2go is wonderful! The app is buggy though. Bookmarks make the book loop through the intro or some random amount of the book. Sometimes needs a force close, as it doesn't always respond.   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. March 13, 2017  Please know we have a new version of the app!                  ruth parkinson  January 17, 2017                        Love it Unlimited audio books.  As app grows choices increase.  Purchased full year at discount because I listen so often.   Full Review                    Copram38614  February 3, 2017                         Its dumb that you need WiFi for it   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. February 11, 2017  You can either use WiFi or a carrier signal. Also, the app caches the book you're listening to while it's got a signal so you can listen later without a signal.                  September 29, 2016                        LoveToRead I love reading and more!Sooooooooooooo much "Reading!"   Full Review                    amanda mccandliss  December 22, 2015                        A couple of issues The app sometimes opens right away, sometimes takes quite a while. Also, if I pause a story it won't play again. I have to go into another story, play it then go back to the original story.   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. January 26, 2016  A new version of the app is now available. FYI                  Peggy Hunnewell  October 20, 2015                         Loved it on my Samsung Galaxy but now it won't open. We have a subscription through school.  Before it would occasionally not open but if I shut my phone off & turned back on then it would work. Now it will not work at all. Very dissapointed!   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Lelani Walker  October 16, 2015                        Wouldn't open Very frustrating to have a subscription  yet not be able to even open the app.   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Amy Amy  October 26, 2015                        Great App Love this app however we updated and now it wont open? We have Samsung devices.. I was on the free trial and wanted to subscribe but now I can't get on to do so..   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  kay kay  October 22, 2015                        Hate it I have been installing uninstalling for like ever so i hate it🙅👎👎👎   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Kelly DiLorenzo  October 26, 2015                        Still waiting Have a subscription and it won't open on my LG stylo. What's the deal?? When Will it be fixed??   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Buggerfly Girls  October 17, 2015                        Won't open Bought a subscription and it won't open!!!   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Funky Chicken  October 20, 2015                         I love it on my phone but will no longer open on my tablet!   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Adventurous Lesly  January 29, 2016                         It won't open anymore and the worst part it's for school!!!   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. January 8, 2017  Maybe your school did not renew their subscription :( Let us know.                  pancakes4life  August 31, 2015                        Meh Would be 5 stars if I didnt have to listen to people reading. Just wanna read   Full Review                    May 16, 2015                        I'll rate it five... One condition Add stuart gibbs books   Full Review                    Josie White  June 1, 2014                        Its OK Its cool but kids like me are not wanting to listen to books when I read I like to just simply read   Full Review                    Erin Lantz  April 17, 2014                        Doesn't Work Churns to load when app is pressed and then just disappears after a minute of trying. Motorola Razr with Android.   Full Review                    Steven Suaris  November 4, 2013                        A Must-Have Subscription Got kids, gotta have Tales2Go, it's a no brainer!   Full Review                    Dominic Basile  April 17, 2014                         Lots of bugs.  Constant freezes. General instability   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. April 17, 2014  Can you please email us from within the app and specify.  We'd be glad to help.                  Ruby Williams  December 3, 2013                        Best ever Best ever good for my kid   Full Review                    Sandra Freeman  January 29, 2014                        Great Awesome app must have!!!!   Full Review                    Win Maung  May 29, 2014                         Why do you need shell access?   Full Review                    aadya imani  December 26, 2013                         Cool and horrible   Full Review                    Caden Fatzinger  March 25, 2014                        Tales2go Portable   Full Review                    Kim Neal  January 11, 2016                        Not enough bang for your buck Not enough free books to get an idea if the subscription is worth the monthly price.  If the slim pickings of the free books is a basis of the quantity  of books that you receive monthly then to me it's not worth the money.  If there are more books than meet the eye I will never know because you have not wet my appetite enough with the few pitiful free books you have offered me your high monthly pricing to me have shoot your self in the foot.  Along with your poor advertising of the few free books you offer   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. January 16, 2016  Our free trial allows users to access the entire 5,500+ catalog for a month. Me thinks you had a free trial in the past and are now in free stories mode, which has a limited number of persistent titles. True?                  Kori Taylor  October 20, 2015                        App doesn't open and customer service unresponsive I recently purchased a subscription and now the app seems to have been updated or something and doesn't work. It doesn't ever get into the app just kicks it right back to my home screen. I emailed customer service but haven't heard a thing.   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.
                   Francoise Edmond  January 26, 2015                        So good At school on the iPod the teacher even go t training 4 it   Full Review                    Laralyn Smith  October 15, 2015                         Was really excited to try, but the app won't open. Tried installing twice with no luck   Full Review       Tales2Go Inc. October 28, 2015  We have released a new version of our Android app today (v1.4.1). This will fix the problem that caused the app to crash for some users. If you have any issues or questions, please reach out to support@tales2go.com.  We'd be happy to help.                  Elizabeth Chatzigeorgiou  June 7, 2015                         It is excellent   Full Review             Review deleted         What's New  Bug fixes    Read more               Additional information     Updated February 17, 2017   Installs   5,000 - 10,000     Current Version  1.4.3     Requires Android       2.3.3 and up       Content Rating Everyone Learn more   In-app Products $9.99 - $99.99 per item   Permissions  View details    Report  Flag as inappropriate     Offered By  Tales2Go Inc.    Developer    Visit website   Email info@tales2go.com   Privacy Policy  4701 Sangamore Road, Suite S230
Bethesda, MD 20816            Similar                 Pre-ordered            Solutions 2nd ed Elem Words    Oxford University Press ELT.    1  $4.92       Revise for your vocabulary test anywhere with the Solutions Words App                  1  $4.92                      Pre-ordered            Curious About Shapes & Colors    Houghton Mifflin Harcourt    1  $4.99       Is your child Curious about shapes and colors?                  1  $4.99               Show More      ©2017 Google  Site Terms of Service  Privacy  Developers  Artists  About Google   By purchasing this item, you are transacting with Google Payments and agreeing to the Google Payments  Terms of Service  and  Privacy Notice .        

	TALES2GO Trademark of TALES2GO, INC.. Serial Number: 77838438 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Education and Entertainment Services
TALES2GO










 
Get FREE email alerts













TALES2GO  Trademark Information
 TALES2GO, INC.
entertainment services, namely, providing children's audio books to smart phones via a global computer network




Perfect for these industries

Education and Entertainment Services





Words that describe this mark
entertainment   services         providing   childrens   audio   books   smart   phones   global   network    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TALES2GO trademark by TALES2GO, INC. 
                                in BETHESDA, MD, 20816.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TALES2GO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner TALES2GO, INC. of the TALES2GO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TALES2GO trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, September 30, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TALES2GO by 
                        TALES2GO, INC., BETHESDA, MD  20816.
                        The USPTO has given the TALES2GO 
                        trademark serial  number of  77838438.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for TALES2GO is 
                        
                        
                                            Tales2Go, Inc. of 
                                            4701 Sangamore Road Suite S-127,  Bethesda MD 20816,  
                                .
                            The TALES2GO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TALES2GO 
                            is entertainment services, namely, providing children's audio books to smart phones via a global computer network. 
                            





Word mark:
 TALES2GO


  Status/Status Date:  


STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED

10/20/2016



  Serial Number:  
77838438


  Filing Date:  
9/30/2009


 Registration Number:  
3948642 


 Registration Date:  
4/19/2011


 Goods and Services: 
entertainment services, namely, providing children's audio books to smart phones via a global computer network


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/23/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

TALES2GO, INC.BETHESDA, MD  20816
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Tales2Go, Inc.
4701 Sangamore Road Suite S-127
Bethesda MD 20816







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
2/4/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
2/4/2010





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TALES2GO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/20/2016
STATEMENT OF CONTINUED USE ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Tales2Go, Inc.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TALES2GO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search tales2go on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TALES2GO 




TALES2GO is providing entertainment services, namely, providing children's audio books to smart phones via a global computer network.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















Tales2Go on the App Store





















OverviewMusicVideoCharts




Opening the iTunes Store.If iTunes doesn't open, click the iTunes application icon in your Dock or on your Windows desktop.Progress Indicator
Opening the iBooks Store.If iBooks doesn't open, click the iBooks app in your Dock.Progress Indicator




iTunes
iTunes is the world's easiest way to organize and add to your digital media collection.

        We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To download the free app Tales2Go by Tales2Go, Inc., get iTunes now.          
      

Already have iTunes? Click I Have iTunes to open it now.





iTunes for Mac + PC









Tales2Go
By Tales2Go, Inc.


View More by This Developer

Open iTunes to buy and download apps.




      
      Description
    
Children must be good listeners before they can become great readers. Repeated exposure to spoken sophisticated words drives vocabulary acquisition and retention, which is a key component of reading proficiency. Tales2go is your partner in the fight for better literacy, making it easier and more cost-effective to add a listening component to reading instruction. We stream over six thousand audio book titles from leading publishers to desktops, laptops and mobile devices in the classroom and beyond. Tales2go is used in a growing number of schools and districts across the U.S., including Los Angeles USD, Broward County Schools, Berkeley USD and Heartland AEA.Award-winning app: Teachers' Choice Award for the Classroom, District Administration Top 100 Product, Tech & Learning Award of Excellence, EdTech Digest Cool Tool Award Finalist for Best Mobile App Solution (Elementary); eSchool Media Readers' Choice Award, Tillywig Brain Child Award, Parents’ Choice Gold Award, Mom's Choice Gold Award and NAPPA Gold Award, PTPA Media Award.Try Tales2Go for FREE for 30 days. Titles range from fairytales to classics like Curious George Rides a Bike to popular series and characters such as Diary of a Wimpy Kid and 39 Clues.After the initial free period, choose either a monthly recurring or annual subscription to maintain unlimited access to the library.  Log-in and -out up to FIVE simultaneous users on each account to access Tales2Go from multiple devices.  SAVE compared to the cost of purchasing and/or downloading individuals titles.   - "Tales2Go has had a huge impact on the the K-5 students in my school this year. Listening to books read by storytellers and actors serves as a model for how to read fluently and with expression. Tales2Go has also allowed struggling readers to access higher level texts in their reading classes. Students also improve their sight word vocabulary and comprehension when they listen to an audio book while following along in the print version of the book. Tales2Go has motivated students to read more and has helped students develop positive attitudes about reading."  Cathy Potter, School Librarian, Falmouth, ME- "Very Useful.  I am a teacher and use this with my 4th Grade students.  They love the variety of stories."  jonathanwylie- "A Mom Must-Have! My two boys (ages 7 and 9) love this app! We listen in the car as we travel, during dinner and before bed. Both the boys and I like the vast variety of stories to choose from and the fact it is so user-friendly" CuteBoyMom- Tales2Go is a fantastic resource for Homeschool families. We love listening eveywhere, kitchen table, car and even in bed before bedtime. Love tales2go."  R. Nichol- "LOVE this app!  As a special education teacher I really appreciate the ability to access audio books/stories for students.  As a person I really love the flexibility to listen to books while I work, drive, and relax.  This is a fantastic app."  Jeubank- "Great app!  My whole family and I listened to Encylopedia Brown in the car today (what a blast from the past) and it worked perfectly.  Lots of great content for all ages... I definitely recommend giving it a shot." whitemencantjumpSubscriptions Options:1 Month Subscription for $9.99, automatically renewed until cancelled.1 Year Subscription for $99.99, does not automatically renew.SUBSCRIBERS' AUTOMATIC RENEWAL FEATURE: For all automatic renewal subscriptions, your credit card will be charged every month for another month's subscription until you change your preferences in your account settings.

Tales2Go, Inc. Web SiteTales2Go Support


      
      What's New in Version 4.4
    
Bug fixes.



iPhone Screenshots




Customer Reviews


Great selection of stories, poor execution
     

by
        
          ChelsMM
        
        
      

    We love the choices of stories, but there is one major flaw. The app does not save your spot in the book if the app is closed. There is an option to place a bookmark, but if the device is accidentally shut off or if the battery dies, (or if you forget to remove the last book mark and place a new one) your spot in the story is lost. Plus, every time you open the app, you have to find your story and then find your place. It doesn't even have a "currently playing" section. My kids and I find this really frustrating. This seems like it could be easily fixed. Other audiobook apps have this feature.
  




Customers Also Bought








READING MAGIC 3-Learning to Read Consonant Blends Through Advanced Phonics GamesEducationView in iTunes








ABC MAGIC PHONICS 6-Matching Recall for SCHOOLSEducationView in iTunes








Line 'em UpEducationView in iTunes








ABC MAGIC PHONICS 6-Phonics Card Matching RecallEducationView in iTunes








ABC Coloring BookEducationView in iTunes












View in iTunes
FreeCategory: EducationUpdated: Mar 08, 2017Version: 4.4Size: 40.0 MBLanguage: EnglishSeller: Tales2Go, Inc.© Copyright 2010-17 Tales2Go Inc.Rated 4+Compatibility: Requires iOS 8.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.


Customer Ratings

  
  

  
  We have not received enough ratings to display an average for the current version of this application.

  
    All Versions:
     57 Ratings




      
      Top In-App Purchases
    
Subscription: Auto-Renew$9.99Annual Subscription$99.99











Discover and share new apps.
Follow us on @AppStore.


Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.

Follow us @iTunes and discover new iTunes Radio Stations and the music we love.









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Tales2Go Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























tales2go inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Tales2Go Inc. provides audio books for early childhood programs and primary schools. The Company offers a subscription service that streams audio book titles from leading publishers to desktops, laptops, and mobile devices. Tales2Go markets its services throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

4701 Sangamore Road Northwest
Suite S230
Bethesda, MD 20816
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.tales2go.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 







Tales2go | Your Partner in the Fight for Better Literacy












































































Free Trial
Log In
Contact



























 





 





 


Why is exposure to sophisticated spoken words so important?




Oral language drives vocabulary acquisition and retention, which is a key component of reading proficiency. Yet most students lack repeated exposure to sophisticated spoken words. As a result, most students do not have a large enough vocabulary to be proficient readers, which explains why nearly two-thirds of all U.S. 4th graders struggle with reading.


 






 

























How Tales2go can help.
Tales2go makes it easy and cost-effective to surround students with spoken sophisticated words, in school and at home, by streaming over six thousand audio book titles from leading publishers to school-owned and BYOD devices. Students love listening to a good story, well told by a professional narrator.
Tales2go is used as a literacy tool to develop vocabulary, fluency and comprehension skills in a growing number of schools and districts across the U.S., including Los Angeles USD, Broward County Public Schools, Berkeley USD and Heartland AEA. Tales2go can also be purchased by individual families.

















 






 


How Tales2go can help.
Tales2go makes it easy and cost-effective to surround students with spoken sophisticated words, in school and at home, by streaming over six thousand audio book titles from leading publishers to school-owned and BYOD devices. Students love listening to a good story, well told by a professional narrator.
Tales2go is used as a literacy tool to develop vocabulary, fluency and comprehension skills in a growing number of schools and districts across the U.S., including Los Angeles USD, Broward County Public Schools, Berkeley USD and Heartland AEA. Tales2go can also be purchased by individual families.

















 






 








View the recorded edWeb Webinar on Preventing the Summer Slide presented by Mary Ann Scheuer, Teacher Librarian at Berkeley USD.
















 






 







View the recorded edWeb Webinar on Preventing the Summer Slide presented by Mary Ann Scheuer, Teacher Librarian at Berkeley USD.
















 






 


Get unlimited access to our complete catalog, streaming on any device.









We’ve leveraged technology to remove barriers that previously prevented teachers and parents from using audio books to their full advantage.  Tales2go was built from the ground up as a 21st Century classroom literacy solution, with features that make it engaging, effective and easy to implement in schools and at home.


 






 


Over six thousand titles from
leading publishers.

















 





 








































































 





 


Subscriptions




Tales2go is an audio book subscription solution that gives educators, parents and students instant, on-demand and simultaneous access to a catalog of over six thousand titles. This is very different from competing services, which limit institutions to the books they’ve purchased and the number of copies made available to one at a time. By focusing on schools, we developed a unique business model to maximize student achievement. Find out more about our subscription plans below.


 






 







Your District
Tales2go works with some of the largest consortia and school districts in the U.S. Speak to one of our advisors about a a pilot program or a district-wide adoption. Find out more.


























Your School
Choose from one of three flexible plans. Speak to one of our advisors to determine which plan is right for you. Find out more.


























An Individual
Educators, parents and caregivers can purchase individual subscriptions to Tales2go for use on up to 5 devices. Our individual plans were created to be flexible and to fit your budget. Find out more.


















 






 













































































 












Speak with an advisor. 1-855-879-8253







				©2015-2017 TALES2GO - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED			

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Careers




















 












Tales2go | Product Reviews | EdSurge 
Company DashboardWhat We DoMust-know news, insights and opinions at the juncture of education and technologyCheck It OutThe best available jobs in the edtech industry and education around the USCheck It OutThe latest trends and leaders transforming higher education with technologyCheck It OutThe latest education technology tools, reviewed by teachersCheck It OutBest practice research about how technology is used in leading schools and districtsCheck It OutDashboardProduct Index Curriculum ProductsCategories: Language Arts and ReadingTales2go by TALES2GO INCGRADES / Elementary (Grades K-4), High School (Grades 9-12), Middle School (Grades 5-8), Pre-KPRICING PLANS / LicensePLATFORMS / Web Browser, iPhone App, iPad App, Android Smartphone App, Android Tablet Apphttps://www.tales2go.com/Write a Case StudyWrite a Case StudyAbout Reviews Case Studies1 Summit Reflections78 About Reviews Mobile audiobook app delivering on-demand access to thousands of titles from leading publishers and storytellers.OverviewTales2Go provides over 6,000 titles for children ages 3 through high school in its audiobook library. Parents and teachers can purchase a license for up to five devices for $100 per year, and schools can obtain access for the whole school for $1900 per year. Since launch, Tales2Go has been used by more than 250,000 students in 750 schools across the U.S.APPROACHTales2Go provides multiple options for users to search: from highest rated and most popular playlists to browsing by age group, story type, books and classics, series/characters, narrators or grade level. Under the story type header, users can choose from a wide range of genres, such as American tales, classic tales, fables, folk tales, and a history section, containing biographies and more. While listening to a story, a user can create a bookmark, add to favorites, or rate the story. Teachers also can use the Tales2Go Learning Resources Section, which includes lesson plans and tools correlated to Common Core standards. The company has partnered with Renaissance Learning to use its Accelerated Reader algorithm to identify reading materials that best suit student readers’ abilities.IMPLEMENTATIONThese stories, including fiction and non-fiction, are currently available on iOS  and Android devices and the web platform. PRICINGIndividuals can subscribe to Tales2Go for $100 per student per year, which covers up to five devices. For schools, the cost runs between $600 and $1,900 per building, depending on the number of users. WHO IS USING ITSince launch, Tales2Go has been used by more than 250,000 students in 750 schools across the U.S.READ MOREEDUCATOR REVIEWSCase Studies1Dawn, @OCTBonacciLibrarian, GCISD, TexasStudents needed access to a variety of audio books. The Playaways I had purchased could only be used by one student at a time, and they were fragile and easy to lose.Read Full ReviewSummit Reflections 78Sheraie   Teacher. School Type: Elementary SchoolI would like to questions at the end of the story that are aligned to the Common Core standards. This will help to see how well the student understood what they are reading.
Have the skills attached to the stories. This way the teacher could give the students a choice of books to read that...Read Full ReviewView All Reviews PRODUCT VIDEOS Product OverviewEDUCATOR REVIEWSSheraie   Teacher. School Type: Elementary SchoolI would like to questions at the end of the story that are aligned to the Common Core standards. This will help to see how well the student understood what they are reading.
Have the skills attached to the stories. This way the teacher could give the students a choice of books to read that...Read Full ReviewMusic teacher   School Type: Elementary School, 1:1 Devices, Blended LearningI would like to see this resource include music standards such as the major composers and important contributors to the evolution of pop music, so that music teachers can assign listening and/or use this subscription as a resource for all the listening materials they need.
I would like to ...Read Full ReviewView All 78 Reviews PRICING PLANS LicenseBuilding License - Covers all school-owned devices, plus one license for each faculty member and student to take home to use year-round.Can be purchased by School Leader or District Administrator.  LicenseIndividual - For individualsCan be purchased by Teacher or Parent. TECHNOLOGY PLATFORMSThis product is accessible via a web browser --  Requires Flash.  Optimized for mobile browsers This product is available as a native application on the following devices:Android Smartphone AppDownload available at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tales2go.droid&amp;hl=enAndroid Tablet AppDownload available at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tales2go.droid&amp;hl=eniPad AppDownload available at https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tales2go/id458539653?mt=8iPhone AppDownload available at https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tales2go/id458539653?mt=8IN EDSURGE NEWSS'Cool Tools, Teacher Voice Edition: IXL, Brightspace, Tales2GoSep  8, 2016​Tales2Go Raises $2.4M for Voluminous VocabulariesMar 25, 2015Teachers Say MoreAug 13, 2013Chicago Speakeasy: Teachers Talk EdtechJul 18, 2013PRODUCT ATTRIBUTESStandards Common Core AlignedCharacteristics SupplementalSubject Matter Reading× 















Streaming Audio Books | Download Audiobooks for Kids | Tales2Go










				LOGIN
				
























		 
	





			Tales2go is an award-winning kids' mobile audiobook service that streams thousands of name-brand titles from leading publishers and storytellers to mobile devices and desktops in the classroom and beyond.
		










						To initiate a free 30-day trial, click on Individual to create a Tales2go account. Five devices can be shared on an individual account.
					

						To log into an existing account, click either Individual or School as appropriate. School accounts are for institutions which have purchased Tales2go in bulk for their school communities.
					







					To initiate a 30-day free trial or log into an existing Tales2go account, please provide us with an email address and password of your choosing.  
					You can login up to five devices/computers on each account using the same email address/password combination.
					


Email Address:

Email Confirm:

Password:









					School accounts are for institutions which have purchased Tales2go in bulk for their school communities.
					









ID:

Password:

Country:


AustraliaAustriaCambodiaCanadaCzechiaJordanMalaysiaNew ZealandPakistanRepublic of ChinaSingaporeTurkeyUAEUKUSZambia


State:





School:









					Schools interested in bulk accounts should email us at schools@tales2go.com









A 21st Century Twist on a Proven Reading Resource

Instant and unlimited access to thousands of name-brand audiobooks
Easy to use on desktops, laptops and/or most mobile devices
One low annual price












			Copyright 2012-2016 Tales2go Inc. All rights reserved   |   Privacy   |   Terms of Service











Tales2go Blog








































Free Trial
Log In
Contact





























The Challenge

How We Help
Unique Features

Our Solution

How We Help
Unique Features
Research Study
Case Studies
Free Trial
About Us
District Customers

Resources

FAQs
Video Tutorials
Lesson Plans
Research & Articles
Blog
Catalog Download

What’s New
Subscribe

District
School
Groups
Individual
Gift



























The Challenge

The Word Gap
Spoken Words

Our Solution

How We Help
Unique Features
Research Study
Case Studies
Free Trial
About Us
District Customers

Resources

FAQs
Video Tutorials
Lesson Plans
Research & Articles
Blog
Catalog Download

What’s New
Subscribe

District
School
Groups
Individual
Gift














































Blog

Home » Blog
Home » Tales2go Blog






















Reading in a Different Way



                                    July 05, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Learning Resources,
                                            
                                                Library Media Center





This guest blog post was written by school librarian and audiobook advocate Kerry Lewarne. Thanks for this wonderful insight into your world of audiobooks!
With today being my 46th birthday, I can…

Read More



Featured Collection: Historical Fiction



                                    June 26, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman





Since most students don't like to read from dry textbooks, reading historical fiction books is a great way to get them interested in history AND provide facts and knowledge they need.

Read More



Featured Collection: Biographies



                                    June 20, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman





All good literacy programs include a balance of fiction and non-fiction texts for students. It's usually pretty simple to find those exciting fiction books that help teach a lesson or skill, but…

Read More



Best Audiobooks for Summer Listening



                                    June 09, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Books, Stories and Songs,
                                            
                                                Holidays, Seasons and Celebrations





Summer break is here...it's time for relaxing, playing outside, swimming, vacations and...LISTENING!
If you've read any of our other summer posts, you know how essential literacy is to preventing…

Read More



Once You Start Listening, You Just Can’t Stop!



                                    June 07, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Using Tales2go





This is a guest blog by Christine Lupia-Fugere, Librarian at Troy Hills School in Parsippany, NJ. Thanks for writing this teriffic post!

Read More



Best Audiobook Series for High Schoolers



                                    May 31, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Books, Stories and Songs





We often get asked for suggestions of audiobook titles for students to listen to. We know that students want new, fun and popular titles, while educators want engaging, educational and relatable…

Read More



Best Audiobook Series for Middle School Students



                                    May 25, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Books, Stories and Songs





We often get asked for suggestions of audiobook titles for students to listen to. We know that students want new, fun and popular titles, while educators want engaging, educational and relatable…

Read More



Nurturing Imagination



                                    May 25, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Books, Stories and Songs





 This is a guest blog written by storyteller Jim May, copyright 2016.
(Excerpted from Trail Guide For A Crooked Heart, by Jim May, Marion, Mi, Parkhurst Brothers Publishers, 2016)

Read More



Spotlight on Storytellers



                                    May 19, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Using Tales2go





 
Have you ever listened to a really good story from a family member, a friend, a podcast, a TED Talk or an audiobook? Did it make you want to close your eyes and imagine it? Did you maybe even…

Read More



Preventing the Summer Slide with Audiobooks



                                    May 04, 2017
                                


Stephanie Waldman



Learning Resources,
                                            
                                                Using Tales2go





Do you ever notice blank stares from your students at the beginning of the school year followed by their inability to recall information you know they mastered last year? Unfortunately, most…

Read More



Older Posts →































Subscribe to our blog








Categories
Blog

Learning Resources
Using Tales2go
Your Classroom
Books, Stories and Songs
Holidays, Seasons and Celebrations
Listening Centers
Listening Research
Library Media Center
Classroom Ideas
Literacy Grants














































Speak with an advisor. 1-855-879-8253





















Your partner in the fight for better literacy.






Contact
About Us
Free Trial
Log In
Blog







WHAT’S NEW




Children’s Literacy Study Links Hearing Words to Reading Ability for First Time




Setting Limits on Screen Time for Healthy Families




Do Apps Help Kids Learn To Read?




35 Amazing Apps For Teachers




A Listening Pleasure







Follow Us
Please follow us for new title releases, teaching tips and the latest news.



































©2015 TALES2GO - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED






Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Careers











































