










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Tall Clover, LLC $1,250,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Tall Clover, LLC $1,250,000 Financing
Tall Clover, LLC just submitted form D announcing $1,250,000 financing.  This is a new filing. Tall Clover, LLC was able to sell $1,250,000. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $1,250,000. The financing was made by 11 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $26,250. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-03. Tall Clover, LLC is based in  704 SPRING HILL FARM DRIVE  MANCHESTER 63021. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Dan Bean.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001689117




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Tall Clover, LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
MISSOURI
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Tall Clover, LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

704 SPRING HILL FARM DRIVE

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MANCHESTER
MISSOURI
63021
314-721-1860


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Bean
Dan


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

704 Spring Hill Farm Drive

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Manchester
MISSOURI
63021



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of Tall Clover Management, LLC, manager of the issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


  
Private Equity Fund


X
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


X
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-10-26

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$26,250

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$1,250,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$1,250,000

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
11


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Tall Clover, LLC
Dan Bean
Dan Bean
Manager of Tall Clover Management, LLC, manager of issuer
2016-11-02


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Tall Clover, LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-03New Form D$1,250,000$1,250,0000$26,2501106b 3C 3C.1[view]
Tall Clover, LLC List of ExecutivesDan Bean











Last visited: KPH FLETCHER SIDECAR, LLC, KUROTO FUND L P, KUROTO FUND INTERNATIONAL LTD, Kabira I Corp., Toro Oil & Gas Ltd.

								© 
							















CLOVER PRODUCTS LLC - LONG BEACH, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



LONG BEACH



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            CLOVER PRODUCTS LLC
                                    



 





















C 


CLOVER PRODUCTS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2453 OSTROM AVE LONG BEACH, CA 90815
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $96,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts SUMMER WELLS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Clover Products Llc was founded in 2008. Clover Products Llc specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Clover Products Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $96,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Forage Seed, Forage Seeds, Forage Grass Seed, Forage Seed Supplier





















Home
About
Contact
News
Forage 

Alfalfa 
Annual Ryegrass 
Bermudagrass 
Birdsfoot Trefoil 
Brassicas 
Festulolium 
Forage Sorghum 
Grain Sorghum 
Hairy Vetch 
Orchardgrass 
Pearl Millet 
Perennial Ryegrass 
Pro Pasture Mixes
Red Clover 
Reed Canarygrass 
Smooth Brome 
Sorghum Sudangrass 
Tall Fescue
Teff 
Timothy 
White Clover 


Turf 

Bermudagrass
Fine Fescue
Kentucky Bluegrass 
Perennial Ryegrass
Specialty Grasses 
Tall Fescue
TSG Mixes 


Cover Crop 

Straight Products 
CSG Straight Products 
CSG Mixes 
Nematode Resistant


Custom Services 
Information
Forage





Alfalfa




Annual Ryegrass




Bermudagrass




Birdsfoot Trefoil




Brassicas






Festulolium




Forage Sorghum




Grain Sorghum




Purple Hairy Vetch




Orchardgrass






Pearl Millet




Perennial Ryegrass




Pro Pasture Mixes




Red Clover




Reed Canarygrass






Smooth Brome




Sorghum Sudangrass




Tall Fescue




Teff




Timothy






White Clover









Forage 
Turf 
Cover Crop 
Custom Services 

About 
Contact 
Information & Seed Trials 
News & Updates 

Copyright © 2017 Allied Seed, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Website Design + Hosting By: Vision Design Group, Inc.






   Large Pillar Candles | Unscented & Scented Large Pillar Candles                            717-564-2220 Contact Us                      Special     Gift certificates   Sitemap   Products Map  Contact Us         Login Forgot Password? Register                                       Accessories  Candle Holders  Candle Tools  Candle Warmers  Decorative Candle Rings  Garland  Stylish Decor    Candles  Birthday Candles  Candle on Rope  Floating Candles  Kitchen Candles  Pillar Candles  Scented Jar Candles  Taper Candles  Tealights  Tin Candles  Votive Candles  Wax Tarts    Flameless Candles  Glow Bowls  Lamp Oil  Sales & Specials        HomeCandlesPillar Candles    Print        Pillar Candles      Outdoor Pillar Candles     Solid 2x3 Pillar Candles     Solid 2x6 Pillar Candles     Solid 2x9 Pillar Candles     Solid 3x3 Pillar Candles     Solid 3x6 Pillar Candles     Solid 3x9 Pillar Candles     Solid 3x12 Pillar Candles     Solid 4x4 Pillar Candles     Solid 4x6 Pillar Candles     Solid 4x9 Pillar Candles     Three Wick 6x6 Pillar Candles     6x9 3 Wick Pillar Candles     Overdipped 3x4     Overdipped 3x6     Overdipped 3x9     Overdipped 3x12     Textured 3x3 Pillars     Textured 3x6 Pillars     Textured 3x9 Pillars     Textured 4x4 Pillars     Textured 4x6 Pillars     Textured 4x9 Pillars     Specialty Pillar Candles     Square Pillar Candles      Our large pillar candles can be used to create the most elegant centerpieces and displays for events and home decorating.  These pillar candles come in so many heights, diameters, and colors that the combination's are endless.  We manufacture three distinct types of pillars, textured, smooth and unscented.  The smooth pillars are available in the largest variety of sizes ranging from 2x3 to large 6x9 3 wick pillar candles.  Our large three wick pillar candles make beautiful centerpieces.  The smooth candles are flat on the top and have the color and fragrance the whole way through.  We offer these scented pillar candles in a wide variety of fragrances and colors too.  The textured pillar candles are a very popular choice for use in home decorating.  The rustic look of these scented candles contrast beautifully with the smooth, straight lines of home furnishings.  Our unscented pillar candles are very popular with event coordinators and wedding decorators.  The unscented pillar candles come in a wide variety of colors and because the candles are unscented don't interfere with the taste of any food being served.  We make a wide selection of unscented pillar candles in colors using an over-dipping process.  These candles have a white core with color only on the outside and are only available in 3 inch diameter.  We hand-pour white and ivory unscented candles in all of our sizes if something other than 3" diameter is needed.       Bestsellers      3x6 Black Pillar Candles Unscented   $6.35       3x6 Lime Green Pillar Candles Unscented   $6.35       3x6 White Pillar Candles Unscented   $5.45       Unscented White 3x3 Pillar Candles   $5.45       Recycled 3x3 Pillar Candles   $2.75                Links   Articles Testimonials Company Blog Candle Blog Home     Help   Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Fundraising Wholesale Candles FAQ's Videos     Contact Us    Map & Contact Us  717-564-2220  717-564-2035     Testimonials     I just wanted to thank you all for great service.. Your staff is stellar, very nice, and a great... Robert    Best smelling candles I have in my shop.  Simply amazing and very detailed kitchen candles.  I am... Mark Eenigenburg2 Die 4 Decor, LLC    Could not be happier.  I only wanted two white Colonial taper candles and all I could find via... Carol D    I have to say that I ordered a couple of gels yesterday that came in today. I immediately put a... Heather    Just wanted to send kudos your way for such quick shipping and a high quality product. I was... Neill    Submit a Testimonial   More...           Copyright © 2006-2017 U.S. Candle Company                                     Silver Falls Seed Company - Clover - Spanish                        View CartAccountCheckout(503) 874-8221Silver Falls Seed CompanyFarm Direct flower seed, wildflower seed, grass seed, Oregon native seed, vegetable seeds and cereal grain seeds for your farm, lawn, landscape or gardening projects.Clover – Spanish$2.00 – $39.90Spanish Clover belongs to the Fabaceae (pea) family and can be found along roadsides, in dry meadows, coastal forests and mountain plains. This legume often moves into traumatized ecosystems and helps to re-stabilize disturbed terrain. The small flowers will bloom for one day and then set a fruit pod. The flowers open as white blooms with yellow tips that fade to pink as the day wears into the evening. Spanish Clover is known for its trifoliolate leaves and hairy stems.Purchasing Options Choose an optionSmall Packet5 Gram1/16 Pound1 PoundClear  Add to cart    SKU: SF0184 Category: Individual Flower Seed Species Additional informationAdditional informationScientific NameLotus unifoliolatusProduct TypeForage LegumeColorPink, White, YellowCycleAnnualOriginNativeHeight8-24"Bloom SeasonSummer, FallSeeds Per Pound105,000Seeding Rate (lb./acre)15Seeding Rate (seeds/sq. ft.)36Related products Bachelor Button – Dwarf Polka Dot MixFlower, Flower Mix, Herb, Annual $1.25 – $13.40  Flax – LewisNative Flower, Perennial $1.25 – $14.70  Dames Rocket – VioletFlower, Perennial $1.25 – $20.60  Alyssum – Sweet Tall WhiteFlower, Annual $1.25 – $14.70 First Name*Last Name*Email* Phone*City*   City State*   State / Province / Region Message*PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.Contact InformationSilver Falls Seed Company 5648 Evans Valley Lp. NE Silverton, OR 97381Phone: (503) 874-8221 Fax: (503) 873-8861          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. © 2017 Silver Falls Seed Company.Website created by All Pro Webworks, LLC.                      

Fairlie Seed Company, LLC Texas Seed Trade Association Member, Fairlie Seed Company, LLC : Texas Seed Trade Association, Supporting the Future of Texas



























Languages:    






 
Texas Seed Trade Association






Home | 
Log In / Create Account | 
0 item(s) - $0.00 | 
Checkout






 

SUPPORTING THE FUTURE OF TEXASFood Production / Education / Professional Interests













Quick Links



Home
New Products
Featured Products
Members Forum
Calendar of Events
Contact Us
Search




Resources




White Papers
Seed Labs
Grow-Outs & Seed Certification
Membership
Member Companies
Donate




Membership



Membership Benefits
Become a Member
Renew Membership
Donate
Find a Member
Members Forum
Calendar of Events
Contact Us
Search by Seed / Offering




About


Seed Trade

About
Officers & Board


Code of Ethics
Contact Us



TSTA Foundation

About



Code of Ethics
Contact Us



Useful Links

Become a Member
Newsletter Subscriptions
Log In / Create Account
Create Account
Member Forum
American Seed Trade Association
Texas Dept. of Agriculture




Connect



Newsletter Subscriptions
Contact Us
Become a Fan
Follow Us
Subscribe
Pin with Us
Recommend Us
Our Blog














Categories

White PapersSeed LabsGrow-Outs & Seed CertificationMembershipMember CompaniesDonateNew Products ...All Products ...



Convention Sponsors




What's New  [more]

Associate Membership - New or Renewal$575.00













Member Companies


Product 30/79








 


Fairlie Seed Company, LLC








Fairlie Seed Company, LLC not only grows ball clover for commercial seed production, but we also grow it on our own ranches for beef and honey production.
 
Contact Information:
www.ballclover.com
 




Fairlie Seed Company, LLC
5383 F.M. 1563
			Commerce, TX 75428
903.886.2362

eMail Fairlie Seed





 
Company Description
[Replace with text of Company's Description]
Offering:




			 


Ball Clover
Tall Clover
Lappa Clover
Arrowleaf Clover





 



















This product was added to our catalog on Thursday 26 March, 2015.













Important Links


Calendar of Events
Member Forum
TSTA Marketplace
Annual Membership





Information


Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Subscriptions





Have you seen ...




Notifications
Notify me of updates to Fairlie Seed Company, LLC



Search
Advanced Search










Contact Information512.944.5052512.493.1844  - FaxEmail Us
InformationAbout UsSite MapGift Certificate FAQDiscount CouponsNewsletter Subscriptions
Customer SupportContact UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMy AccountUseful Links Member Forum
American Seed Trade Association
Texas Department of Agriculture





















Copyright © 2017 Texas Seed Trade Association.  Powered by Zen Cart.  Zen cart templates by Picaflor Azul..  Web Site Design and Marketing by buzzWebcraft.












