







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















East Peak Capital












about us
investmentphilosophy
 portfoliocompanies
 Professionals
contact us








ast Peak Capital is a private equity investment firm focused on building long-term value in partnership with outstanding 
        management teams. Our investment strategy includes early stage investments with proven entrepreneurs as well as the acquisition of small to mid-size companies with seasoned operating teams.  We invest in companies in the software, recurring services, media, specialty distribution and value-added manufacturing industries with management teams that favor capital efficiency.  East Peak is backed by a select group of investors that are looking to build long-term relationships with outstanding entrepreneurs and operating teams.





info@Eastpeakcapital.com
copyright 2009
 






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.



Get the Full Report
















 TAM CAPITAL Overview



												   Tam Capital Management Inc. is an investment advisor that manages 87.4 MM dollars in regulatory AUM and has 1 employees, of which 1 perform investment advisory functions. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/14 to 03/31/17. The fund's latest filing disclosed 78MM in positions, representing 89% of the manager's regulatory AUM.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 TAM CAPITAL StockAlpha 
					
					






+9%





Top 25%



2.5yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 TAM CAPITAL Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness




AET
67.91%
Health
22.62%

9.59%
0
21%



NYRT
14.67%
Financials
-10.73%

-2.07%
0
6%





Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 TAM CAPITAL Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since







Tsemach A. Mishal
Managing Member/Chief Compliance Officer
October-2010










 TAM CAPITAL Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 TAM CAPITAL Investment Strategy


				
					   Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies, andRisk of Investment Loss  A. Methods of Analysis and Investment Strategies  Methods of Analysis  TAM’s methods of analysis include fundamental analysis, technical analysis, andcyclical analysis.Fundamental analysis involves the analysis of financial statements, the general financialhealth of companies, and/or the analysis of management or competitive advantages. Technical analysis involves the analysis of past market data; primarily sentiment and reversion to the mean analysis.Cyclical analysis involved the analysis of business cycles to find favorable conditionsfor buying and/or selling a security. Investment Strategies  TAM uses long term trading, short term trading, short sales, margin transactions, options writing (including covered options, uncovered options, or spreading strategies). TAM pursues aggressive investment strategies that in...Get the Full Report







 TAM CAPITAL Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 TAM CAPITAL Location



 












  TAM CAPITAL Contact Information



							Phone Number: 203-569-5675
							Fax Number: 718-233-9683
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC. FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  










TAM Capital, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:59 PM ET
Diversified Financial Services

Company Overview of TAM Capital, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
TAM Capital Inc. is engaged in aircraft acquisition and financing, and issuance of debt. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Sao Paulo, Brazil. TAM Capital Inc. is a subsidiary of TAM Linhas Aéreas S.A.


Avenida Jurandir, 856Lote 41° andarSao Paulo, SP 04072-000BrazilFounded in 2007



Phone: 55 11 5582 9715

www.tam.com.br







Key Executives for TAM Capital, Inc.




Mr. Egberto Vieira Lima


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Fernando Sporleder Júnior Jr.


      	Technical & Operational Officer and Member of Management Board
      








Mr. Paulo Cezar Bastos Castello Branco


      	Commercial and Planning Officer
      








Mr. Waldemar Verdi Jr.


      	Director
      








Mr. Maurício Rolim Amaro


      	Vice Chairman
      


Age: 46
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

TAM Capital, Inc. Key Developments

TAM Capital Inc. Announces Termination of Cash Tender Offer for 7.375% Senior Guaranteed Notes Due 2017
Oct 20 16
LATAM Airlines Group S.A., TAM Capital Inc., TAM Capital 3 Inc. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as offeror, announced the termination of offer to purchase for cash (the tender offer) up to $462,500,000 aggregate principal amount of TAM Capital Inc.'s 7.375% senior guaranteed notes due 2017 and TAM Capital 3 Inc.'s 8.375% senior guaranteed notes due 2021. All Notes tendered in the tender offer will be returned promptly to the respective holders thereof without any action required on the part of the holders. No consideration will be paid in the tender offer for any tendered notes.


LATAM Airlines Group S.A. Announces Commencement of Cash Tender Offer for 7.375% Senior Guaranteed Notes Due 2017 of Tam Capital Inc. and 8.375% Senior Guaranteed Notes Due 2021 of Tam Capital 3 Inc
Oct 6 16
LATAM Airlines Group S.A, its affiliates, TAM Capital Inc. (the 2017 Notes Issuer), TAM Capital 3 Inc. (the 2021 Notes Issuer and, together with the 2017 Notes Issuer, the Issuers) and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (the Offeror or the Dealer Manager) announced the commencement of an offer by the Offeror to purchase for cash up to $462,500,000 aggregate principal amount (subject to increase by the offeror, the "aggregate maximum tender amount") of the outstanding 7.375% Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2017 of the 2017 Notes Issuer and 8.375% Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2021 of the 2021 Notes Issuer, subject to purchase in accordance with the acceptance priority level for each series of Notes and possible proration. The 2017 Notes and the 2021 Notes are guaranteed by TAM S.A. and TAM Linhas Aéreas S.A. (the Guarantors). The Tender Offer is being made by the Offeror on behalf of the Issuers pursuant to the offer to purchase dated October 5, 2016 and the related letter of transmittal. The Notes will be purchased in accordance with the Acceptance Priority Level (in numerical priority order), and proration of the Notes on any given Settlement Date will be determined in accordance with the terms of the Tender Offer. If the Offeror purchases any Notes in the Tender Offer, Notes tendered prior to the Early Tender Date will be accepted for purchase in priority to other Notes tendered after the Early Tender Date even if such Notes tendered after the Early Tender Date have a higher acceptance priority than Notes tendered prior to the Early Tender Date. The Offeror will first purchase not more than $262,500,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Date before purchase of any 2017 Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Date, and then will purchase up to the Aggregate Maximum Tender Amount (minus any amount used to purchase 2021 Notes) of the 2017 Notes validly tendered at or prior to the Early Tender Date. If at the Early Tender Date the aggregate principal amount of Notes validly tendered exceeds the Aggregate Maximum Tender Amount, the Offeror reserves the right, at its option, not to accept any additional Notes tendered by holders of Notes after the Early Tender Date. The total consideration for the Notes of each series is $1,027.50 for each $1,000 principal amount of the 2017 Notes and $1,041.88 for each $1,000 principal amount of the 2021 Notes which includes, in each case, an early tender premium of $30.00 per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes, and in addition, in each case, the applicable Base Consideration. Subject to purchase in accordance with the Acceptance Priority Level and possible proration, Holders that validly tender and do not withdraw Notes at or before the Early Tender Date will be eligible to receive the total consideration (including the early tender premium) within three business days following the early tender date. The issuers and the guarantors have consented to the offeror making the tender offer. It is intended that the notes purchased by the offeror in the tender offer will be exchanged by the offeror with LATAM Finance Limited, for certain new notes issued in a new offering, exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended by LATAM Finance Limited.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 13 LFG Participações S/A Americas 13S Administração e Participações S.A. Americas 2.0 Hotéis Holding Arco Ltda. Americas 291 Participações S.A. Americas 3 T Participações S.A. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TAM Capital, Inc., please visit www.tam.com.br.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Tam Capital Management Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























tam capital management inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Tam Capital Management Inc. operates as an investment firm. The Company provides management supervisory services to individuals, high net worth individuals, banks, thrift institutions, investment companies, pension and profit sharing plans, corporations, and business entities. Tam Capital Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

63 Crane Road North
Stamford, CT 06902
United States


Phone:
1-917-567-3923


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.tamcm.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Tsemach Aaron Mishal "Tsachy"


Ppresident/CCO/Principal







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC. - BROOKLYN, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



BROOKLYN



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.
                                    



 





















T 


TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1914 BAY AVE APT 5 BROOKLYN, NY 11230
Get Directions



(347) 554-2623





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts TSACHY MISHAL






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Tam Capital Management Inc. was founded in 2010, and is located at 1914 Bay Ave Apt 5 in Brooklyn. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $120,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿







Tam Capital Management Inc – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Tam Capital Management Inc 

Tam Capital Management Inc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Tam Capital Management Inc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/tam-capital-management-inc/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$64,285,000Previous Mkt Value:$2,458,000Chg Mkt Value %:2515.34 % Sentiment:Very BullishTurnover %:876.61 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:4Additional Purchases:0Sold out:1Reduced:1Top 10 Holdings %:100%






Justin John Ferayorni – Tam Capital Management Inc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    CHKP - CHECK POINT SOFTWARE TECH LT		

                    CHKP		

                    42,738		

                    550,677		

                    66.48		

                    0.00		

                    48.90		



                    550,677		

                    New		

                    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY		

                    0.73		



                    2		

                    WFC - WELLS FARGO & CO NEW		

                    WFC		

                    12,635		

                    285,335		

                    19.65		

                    0.00		

                    14.46		



                    285,335		

                    New		

                    FINANCE		

                    0.20		



                    3		

                    MON - MONSANTO CO NEW		

                    MON		

                    4,967		

                    48,604		

                    7.73		

                    0.00		

                    5.68		



                    48,604		

                    New		

                    MATERIALS		

                    0.08		



                    4		

                    YHOO - YAHOO INC		

                    YHOO		

                    3,945		

                    91,521		

                    6.14		

                    0.00		

                    4.51		



                    91,521		

                    New		







                    5		

                    ALXN - ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC		

                    ALXN		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    100.00		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -21,408		

                    Sold All		










TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysCheck Point Software Tech Lt66.48%Wells Fargo & Co New19.65%Monsanto Co New7.73%Yahoo Inc6.14%-




13F Sector AllocationInformation Technology73 %Finance20 %Materials8 %Health Care0 %-






TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Justin John Ferayorni’s Tam Capital Management Inc had $87.40 million assets under management as of Thursday, January 15, 2015. The historical portfolio values of the hedge fund were: 
$145,851,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$172,085,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$278,044,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$55,784,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$188,328,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$26,534,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$2,458,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$64,285,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?

























TAM : Specialists in Discretionary Portfolio Management - Specialists in Discretionary Portfolio Management





















































Innovation in Discretionary Investment Management Learn MoreFinancial Advisers Discover our innovative range of bespoke and model based discretionary managed portfoliosLearn MoreACTIVE MANAGEMENTProtecting and nurturing your wealth whatever the environmentLearn MoreOnline Access Discover how our unique platform can give you more control over your portfolioLearn MoreTam Ethical TAM Ethical  Socially responsible investment without compromising on performanceLearn More














Welcome to TAM Asset Management
 
We are an award-winning specialist in discretionary investment management, offering our innovative and forward thinking investment solutions to individual clients and institutions via financial advisers and intermediaries.  
 
We manage assets for; private clients, insurance companies, pension schemes, trust companies, charities and other financial institutions, utilising the next generation of interactive portfolio management systems to present a unique offering to our clients. The heritage of our company dates back to the 1930's and has been operating in the financial services sector ever since. From our head office in London and international office in Mauritius, we offer the flexibility of both onshore and offshore investment management.
 

"Our vast experience in professional investment management, enables us to provide our clients with a highly transparent range of investment options and solutions." - Lester Petch, CEO












Latest Research Report







Why we're banking on banks
19 July 2017      
The financials sector has had a shaky start to the year following strong performance towards the end of last year on prospects of growth and inflation from a stimulative economic agenda from the Trump administration. Despite this, the sector is up approximately 7.6% for the year to date and in our opinion, poised for further strong performance into the second half of the year.





To serve and protect: Protecting clients' wealth through turbulent times
17 July 2017      
'To Serve and Protect' is a phrase of singular simplicity coined by the LAPD in the 50’s to embody its mission statement. Since then, it has cemented itself as the cornerstone of US, and arguably global law enforcement.

So what’s a US law enforcement adage doing in an investment update to our clients?





Message from the CEO
15 June 2017      
"The time has come", the Walrus said, "To talk of many things: Of shoes - and ships - and sealing wax - Of cabbages - and kings - And why the sea is boiling hot - And whether pigs have wings." 
  
- The Walrus and the Carpenter, Lewis Carroll





Another Binary Event - UK General Election
09 June 2017      
In a strange twist of fate, with just two weeks to go until the anniversary of the Brexit referendum, the UK electorate is back in the polling booth, voting on the direction of UK politics. Now, for many this will be a proxy vote on allowing Mrs. May to continue what she started with the issuing of Article 50.





Could Trump bring the bull market to a halt?
19 May 2017      
The recent high profile news in the US is about Trump (no surprise there then!) and his seemingly irrational behaviour with regards to the abrupt firing of his FBI Director and the Russian influence that portended it. This has taken centre stage and caused the first real overnight market setback for months.





Domestic disappointment, international success?
04 May 2017      
For all of President Trump’s posturing on Twitter, we don’t envy his position. If people came to you with the notion they would be closely judging your achievements in your job over the first 100 days, would you be concerned? At the very least, keen to make an impression perhaps? Now, imagine that group is over 322 million strong and your office is the highest in the land. Having 100 symbolic days to come through for 161 million expectant voters whilst trying to prove another 161 million distrusting voters that you are the man for the job, would almost certainly give most of us sleepless nights.





May's u-turn: Why now?
27 April 2017      
From the toppling of a Prime Minister and flash crashes in the pound, all the way down to the callous downsizing of our nation’s Toblerone bars, the UK’s historic Leave vote from the EU continues to run more like a suspense-filled thriller than a political motion to leave the single market. In the latest twist to the story, Prime Minister Theresa May announced last Wednesday that she would ‘reluctantly’ hold a snap General Election on 8th June 2017 to reaffirm the strong and stable leadership of her party, during such a moment of enormous national significance.





Millennials: Well-educated, tech-savvy and ready to change the world
19 April 2017      
Some say they’re just out of nappies, others say they’re the next world leaders, we say that the Millennial generation (those born between 1980 and 1999) are transforming the image of socially responsible investing (SRI). Knowledgeable and well-connected, the Millennials are using their power to drive the investment universe to cater to their demands for investments which not only provide competitive financial returns, but also deliver measurable environmental and social benefits...





A journey through Europe’s political minefield…
27 March 2017      
I don’t think we’re alone in saying 2016 will go down in history as a watershed moment for global politics - a year when the people stood up and voted for wholesale change. Arguably the only thing upstaging 2016’s propensity for shocks, is 2017’s potential to deliver more of the same, and possibly on an even bigger scale.





Hammond keeps powder dry ahead of Brexit
10 March 2017      
Philip Hammond delivered his first, and ironically his last, spring budget yesterday, in what was considered by many as a budget designed to set the stage for Brexit. With Brexit being the obvious elephant in the commons yesterday, commentators quipped that the Chancellor managed to get through the entire speech without even mentioning the word!





Diamonds in the rough...
06 March 2017      
Emerging markets (EMs) is the well-worn phrase coined to describe the group of countries considered to be underdeveloped, but which are rapidly growing and urbanising. Despite their reputation for carrying significant economic and political risk, EMs present opportunities to invest in companies looking to take advantage of the growing population of consumers. The result? Potentially higher investment returns compared to investments in developed countries.





Trump takes his throne
27 January 2017      
The dust had settled, the shock had begun to subside and the hecklers had… well they’re still heckling… but nonetheless, Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States, taking his throne as leader of the world’s most powerful nation.





2016 Review / 2017 Outlook
20 January 2017      
2016 in politics - Four down, one to go

Harold Wilson is attributed as saying that a week is a long time in politics. One wonders what he would have made of the political drama throughout 2016, an extraordinary year of political upheaval where the improbable became routine.





100 days to deliver
11 January 2017      
2016 was tumultuous in the context of political upheaval but 2017 promises to be no less interesting. Decisions made by the electorate in the UK over Brexit and the US over Trump, will see their expectations or fears unfold in 2017-2018. For once, the politicians have to deliver on the electorate's wishes.


 


Message from the CEO
19 December 2016      
'I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.'- Jimmy Dean, 1928 - 2010
 





Trick Question: Yes or No?
05 December 2016      
     “People vote not on the question, but on the people who ask the question.” 
                                                                                                                   -Winston Churchill

 





The markets aren’t having it
15 November 2016      
Capital is a coward. At the first sign of trouble (everyone calls it “uncertainty” these days) it bolts for the door. It’s what the majority of the media and politicians warned us would happen if Trump won. It sounded plausible and all appeared to be going to their script in the small hours of last Wednesday morning when it became apparent that Trump’s victory was nailed on. But the markets weren’t having it. 





Trumped!! By the state of Florida!!
09 November 2016      
The US electorate have spoken and the world is a more volatile place this morning.  Is it the dawn of Mad Max.....or simply the dawn of a new era in politics?  For the second time in 2016, and after the shock of the Brexit vote, an electorate has overturned the establishment and made it clear (well by a simple majority) that the road ahead needs to be considered differently.  It lay ultimately with the state of Florida to give the Free World its new leader – who would have thought that?





Welcome to Florida
09 November 2016      
“Good morning. I’m Al Gore and I’m the former next President of the United States.”  -   Al Gore, Tokyo, 2006
                                                                                                                               





Clinton - Off the hook... or is she?
07 November 2016      
After the dust had settled on the third presidential debate, Hillary Clinton had secured herself a comfortable 8% lead in the polls and global markets broadly relaxed any thoughts about Donald Trump taking residence in the White House. However, as is often the way, the story didn’t end there...





Playing the endgame
13 October 2016      
"The problem with political suicide is that you live to regret it"  -  Winston Churchill 
 





Riding high under a clear blue sky
26 August 2016      
This time last year, the UK’s stock market was at a similar level to today and pretty much where it had been sitting calmly for over a year. International bond and currency markets were relatively sanguine; all playing along nicely to the script written by the US Federal Reserve. Improving economic data, supportive central banks and some temporary relief from eurozone woes, courtesy of the sacrosanct European Commission holidays, added to the general feeling of a classic stock market summer daze.





No time for gambling on red or black
13 July 2016      
 “There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one” 
                                                                                                                                         - Jack Yelton
                                                                                                                                                              





Property funds - The gate escape
06 July 2016      
We received news yesterday of the suspension of trading in the M&G Property and the Standard Life Ignis UK Property funds. The managers of both of these funds have taken the decision to close, or “gate”, the funds in order to stop redemptions depleting the cash in the funds to a point where they would become forced sellers of property assets; the real bricks and mortar properties in which they are invested around the UK. 





Osborne sets the record straight…
29 June 2016      
“I should think it hardly possible to state the opposite of the truth with more precision” – Winston Churchill

They say economists add a decimal point to show they have a sense of humour and so maybe they had a hand in George Osborne’s forecast that, within two years, the UK would face a recession and minus -3.6% contraction in GDP. 
 





OUT!
24 June 2016      
“Look, I think it’s entirely sensible for David Cameron to stay on. But as long as he’s gone by 10am, I’m happy.” 
                                                                                                                                                  Nigel Farage 7am, 24th June 2016

 





Echoes of a proper crisis
23 June 2016      
When I heard on the radio yesterday morning that a “famous currency trader” had warned that if Britain voted to leave the EU, Sterling would suffer a fate even worse than Black Wednesday in 1992, I did wonder how old this trader must be.  Almost everyone I knew who was trading anything back then has long since hung up their red braces for an easier life. 





Blue on blue, red on red and the man on the Clapham omnibus
21 June 2016      
“Brexit camp in turmoil as leading Tory defects” – Front page headline, The Times, first edition, 20th June 2016.
 
“Brexit camp divided as senior Tory walks out” – Front page headline, The Times, second edition, same day.
 





Playing it safe
20 June 2016      
It’s often the case that some of the most thought provoking comments come from unexpected sources. It was actually the director of bonds at Rathbones, who also sits on the Bank of England’s Debt Management Office consultation committee, who reminded me the other day of the simple fact that in every year since the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) of 2008, the FTSE 100 Index has fallen once at least 10%. 





Bremain
02 June 2016      
The last day of May has usually been a time to sharpen one’s pencil to write a review of whatever what was to blame for the often recurring stock market phenomenon of sell-in-May-and-go-away. Not this year. There’s almost nothing at all in the newswires for markets to get excited about. Indeed, even the keenest cricket fan might’ve been surprised to see the front cover of Tuesday’s FT leading with England captain Alistair Cook becoming the youngest player to score 10,000 runs in test cricket. 





Mixed emotions
05 May 2016      
“Mixed emotions, buddy. Like Larry Wildman going off a cliff in my new Maserati.”  
Gordon Gekko, Wall Street, 1987





Review of the First Quarter 2016
13 April 2016      
The year started with a number of new statistical records, not least of which was the US stock market suffering its worst start to the year since 2001. Of course, as is almost always the case in today’s globalised world, the concerns stretched further afield and, in this case, China was held up as the culprit with their central bank being accused of indulging in the new cold war of currency manipulation....





When all think alike, no one thinks very much
09 March 2016      
"When all think alike, no one thinks very much" - Albert Einstein

With 2015-2016 leaving nowhere to hide for fund managers accused of being index trackers, and following on from my recent missive on the failures of index trackers in today’s market environment, one hopes that clients are quickly wising up to what they are paying for, and what that service truly represents.





Universally Challenged - who is smarter?
25 February 2016      
"[Central Banks] think they are smarter than the market" – Jim Rogers, February 2016

From ZIRP to NIRP – (From zero to negative interest rate policy)
 
 





TAM's Outlook for 2016
21 January 2016      
It would be easy to convince anyone that 2016 is going to be more difficult than last year.  The list of dreads threatening to derail stock and bond markets is pretty much the same as before but we are at least closer to understanding the end game of the post 2008 “Great Financial Crisis” as the US Federal Reserve start what they believe to be a year of interest rate hikes. 





So far, so bad 
13 January 2016      
It’s a good week for top drawer statistics and there are so many, it’s hard to know where to start. Sterling has hit a 5 ½ year low against the US Dollar. The Eurostoxx 600 Index has had its worst week in four years.  The FTSE has posted its worst first week since the year 2000. The Japanese stock market has had its worst opening week since 1949. And trumping them all, the New York’s S&P500 has put in the worst 5-day start to the year…ever. 










TAM in the Press




Dispelling the myths about ethical investment Charities Management on 12th July 2017 Wealth boutique to launch online investment service Wealth Manager on 22nd May 2017 Who have advisers ranked as the most popular DFM? Investment Week on 11st May 2017 Which are the most popular DFMs with advisers? Investment Week on 14th June 2016 Seven wealth managers' top Leicester City moments Citywire on 16th May 2016 DV Global tie-up targets expat market International Adviser on 26th January 2016 ROBO:A Walk on the Wild Side The Business Herald Pg.7 on 10th December 2015 Where are the best new sustainable or ethical investment opportunities? INVESTMENT WEEK on 21st October 2015 Profile: TAM Asset Management’s CEO prepares for a quantum leap Wealth Manager on 4th September 2015 Brave new world: how 6 wealth firms have embraced technology Wealth Manager on 26th August 2015 Alpha attack: 10 wealth managers reveal their best ideas Wealth Manager on 15th July 2015 Investment Committee: Christian Holland, TAM Asset Management Wealth Manager on 11th June 2015 Heroes Cycle London to Paris With a £10,000 Goal Bethany Christian Trust on 28th May 2015 TAM Ethical Dream Team Cycle to Paris Capability Scotland on 28th May 2015 TAM Ethical’s “YOU GIVE, WE GIVE” Cycling Team raise funds for Impact Arts Impact Arts on 22nd May 2015 Dream team conquer London to Paris meningitisnow on 21st May 2015 Investment Committee: Christian Holland, TAM Asset Management Citywire on 7th May 2015 Positive change: Three weeks in Asia with TAM Asset Management International Adviser on 30th April 2015 Waiting for Yellen: why US interest rates are lingering near zero Citywire on 27th April 2015  TAM Ethical donates nearly £4,000 via ‘You Give, We Give’ scheme International Adviser on  20th April 2015 'You give, we give' charity Isa offers unique investment heraldscotland on 1st February 2014 Asset Allocation: Why TAM Asset Management is steering clear of emerging market funds Money Marketing on 12th June 2014 Capacity Crunch for Auto-enrolment The Herald - The Business Herald pages 15-17 on 16th April 2015 Experience says now is not the time to invest in Asia Portfolio Adviser on 27th December 2013 Firing Line: Lester Petch FT Advisor on 2nd November 2011 IFA launches ethical portfolios which donate portion of AMC New Model Adviser on 7th October 2013 IFA to back ethical AE competitor FT Adviser on  Invest in us and make a difference MENINGITISNOW on 30th January 2014 Investing beyond ethical?  Money Marketing on  30th October 2014 Investors panicked into buying gilts, says TAM FT Adviser on 1st September 2011 London & Colonial adds Tam to DFM panel FT Adviser on 10th January 2014 London & Colonial has teamed up with TAM Asset Management to provide investors with a socially responsible pension strategy and charitable donation scheme Professional Adviser on 15th January 2014 PGGM and Legal & General in €500m ESG-heavy real estate tie Responsible Investor on 30th January 2015 Product review: Tam Asset Management ethical portfolios FT Adviser on 4th November 2013 Putting ethics at the heart of advice Publication:FT Adviser on 11th October 2013 Rider profile with James Penny: Gearing up for the Nocturne cycle race Citywire on 12th March 2015 SIPPs: Socially responsible, fee ‘free’ SIPP launched Investment Sense on 16th June 2014 TAM Asset Management becomes a member of the UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association UK Sustainable Investment and Finance Association (UKSIF) on 30th September 2013 TAM Asset Management launches range of ethical portfolios The Charity Times on 23rd September 2013 TAM Asset Management’s ‘You give, we give’ initiative Citywire on 2nd April 2015 TAM Ethical Launch No AMC ISA Offer UKSIF on 10th February 2015 TAM Ethical launches 'Ethical ISA' offer businessGreen on 26th January 2015 TAM Ethical, the London-based investment management firm, has launched a new ISA offer for ethical investors. Responsible Investor on 30th January 2015 Tam AM model portfolios outperform in year to date FT Adviser on 10th October 2013 Tam Asset Management launches auto enrolment solution FT Adviser on 5th September 2013 Tam Asset Management plans SRI pension FT Adviser on 5th November 2013 Tam predicts ethical as the next big things for pensions FT Adviser on 8th November 2013 Trading positions FT Adviser on 25th September 2011 Why investors need to consider the wider possibilities of SRI Investment Week on 25th March 2014 You Give We Give: hope of charities revolution The Times on 14th October 2013 You give we give: Capability Scotland to benefit from Scottish Charity ISA Capability Scotland on 6th February 2014 







Specialists in Discretionary Investment Management
 GET IN TOUCH WITH TAM 




Welcome to TAM Asset Management
 
We are an award-winning specialist in discretionary investment management, offering our innovative and forward thinking investment solutions to individual clients and institutions via financial advisers and intermediaries.  
 
We manage assets for; private clients, insurance companies, pension schemes, trust companies, charities and other financial institutions, utilising the next generation of interactive portfolio management systems to present a unique offering to our clients. The heritage of our company dates back to the 1930's and has been operating in the financial services sector ever since. From our head office in London and international office in Mauritius, we offer the flexibility of both onshore and offshore investment management.
 

"Our vast experience in professional investment management, enables us to provide our clients with a highly transparent range of investment options and solutions." - Lester Petch, CEO













Client Login




















TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.
                    

HTTP://WWW.TAMCM.COM/
•   STAMFORD, CT
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             TAM Capital Management is based out of Stamford. TAM Capital Management is a large advisory firm with  26-100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $123,595,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-29).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $82,177,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 100.0%. TAM Capital Management's largest holding is Aetna Inc. (New) with shares held of 414,849.   WhaleWisdom has at least 10 13F filings in our database for TAM Capital Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


AET
        
        Aetna Inc. (New)
64.39%



NYRT
        
        NEW YRK REIT
13.911%



AABA
        
        Altaba, Inc.
8.18%



WWAV
        
        WhiteWave Foods Co....
3.651%



MCK
        
        McKesson Corp. (New)
3.382%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


CHKP
         
         Check Point Softwar...
57.168%


V
         
         VISA Inc
25.972%


TLT
         
         iShares Trust - iSh...
11.636%


GILD
         
         Gilead Sciences Inc.
2.61%


FEYE
         
         FireEye Inc
1.327%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


AET
                                                  
                                                  Aetna Inc. (New)
64.3903%


NYRT
                                                  
                                                  NEW YRK REIT
13.9114%


YHOO
                                                  
                                                  Yahoo! Inc.
8.1799%


WWAV
                                                  
                                                  WhiteWave Foods Co. Class A
3.6507%


MCK
                                                  
                                                  McKesson Corp. (New)
3.3817%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $82.177 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $77.692 Million
New Purchases8 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of6 stocks
Reduced holdings in0 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %100.00%
Turnover %
                        [1]:175.00%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:100.00%
Time Held Top20:0.00 quarters
Time Held Top10:0.00 quarters
Time Held All:0.25 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
4.35%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
19.88%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

TAM CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC
 





            
        


          Business Phone:
          203-569-5675
Fax:
              718-233-9683


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Corporation 


Organized in:
NY


Number of employees:
1


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.TAMCM.COM/


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























