 


















    Christina Tan – Alejandra G
  









































FREE SHIPPING within the U.S. Does not apply to Sale items or Promotions














Sign in


 



 



Home
»
Spring / Summer 2017
»
Christina Tan




























Christina Tan

$ 234.00


Product details
Color: Camel 
Material: Kidskin Suede
Heel Height: 100mm
Dare to be different in our "Cristina" sandals with details that every shoe lover will go crazy for.  Her diagonal fringe strap hangs delicately over the foot, complimenting her gold spiked ankle strap.


Size

Size 6 - $ 234.00
Size 7 - $ 234.00
Size 8 - $ 234.00
Size 9 - $ 234.00
Size 10 - $ 234.00
Size 11 - $ 234.00





Size



          Size 6
          






          Size 7
          






          Size 8
          






          Size 9
          






          Size 10
          






          Size 11
          




Quantity













Tweet



 





Pin It






View Size Guide





Ordering

Before using certain parts of any Site or ordering products, you must complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing address(es), phone number, email address, and credit card number. In addition, we may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization’s country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your order, your personal information may be used to contact you. For more information please view our Privacy Policy.
Before your order leaves our warehouse, it is fully checked by our packing team. If you receive an item which is damaged please contact us immediately. All orders are shipped via UPS and for security reasons, Alejandra G. online purchases will require an adult signature upon delivery.  Purchases may not be shipped to P.O. Boxes or APO/FPO addresses, which are not available through UPS. We do not ship to Freight Forwarders. We are not responsible for returned items due to failed delivery attempts. Customers are responsible for tracking their package with the tracking number provided you to ensure that you are available to sign for the package.  If a package is returned to us as “undeliverable” you will be required to pay for shipping to have them resent to you, as we too acquire a fee on every returned package. Alejandra G. cannot be responsible for unanticipated delays.



Returns & Exchanges

Return Policy - *All sale items are final sale. No exchanges or refunds will be made. No Exceptions.* If shipping fee was charged, it is non refundable. Alejandra G. will accept merchandise in its original condition for refund. Returned merchandise must include the original shoe box, dust bag, heel taps (if applicable) and it must be returned to us within 14 days from the date of delivery (i.e. your return shipment must be postmarked within 14 days from receipt of your order). Customers are responsible for any shipping fee associated with returns. Please note that the shoes must be absolutely free of any markings, scratching or any sign of usage for a refund to take place. All shoes must be tried on for fit and size on clean, carpeted surfaces only until you are sure that you will be keeping them. Our soles are very delicate and we cannot accept returns on shoes that appear worn, damaged or soiled. The sole of each shoe must be in perfect condition. Returned shoes in which the soles appear damaged or worn will not be accepted and will be returned to you at your expense. We have the right to refuse a refund of any shoes which appear to be damaged.  Usually if the bottom of the shoes are scratched or dirty it is considered used. We thank you for your understanding. 
Exchange Policy - *All sale items are final sale. No exchanges or refunds will be made. No Exceptions.* Alejandra G. offers an exchange on non-sale items. Customers are responsible for any shipping fee associated with exchanges. Shipping fee on any exchange is non-refundable. Merchandise for exchange must include the original shoe box, dust bag, heel taps (if applicable) and it must be returned to us within 14 days from the date of delivery. Please note that the shoes must be absolutely free of any markings, scratching or any sign of usage for an exchange to take place. All shoes must be tried on for fit and size on clean, carpeted surfaces only until you are sure that you will be keeping them. Our soles are very delicate and we cannot accept returns for exchange on shoes that appear worn or damaged. The sole of each shoe must be in the condition received otherwise we cannot honor an exchange. We also guarantee against manufacturer's defects within sixty (60) days of purchase. Regular wear and tear does not qualify. 
Return Address:
Alejandra G.300 North Lake Avenue,  12th FloorPasadena, CA 91101Contact with CustomerService@AlejandraG.com must be made prior to any returns or exchanges. Once authorization for a return or exchange is approves, please fill out the Return Form.
Sale Items Policy All sale items are final sale. No exchanges or refunds will be made. No Exceptions.
At the company’s discretion, customers may be offered a store credit. Store credit received on a “SALE” purchase can only be used or applied towards other “SALE” items.
Gift Cards - Gift cards are issued by Alejandra G Limited (“Alejandra G”). The values for gift cards are in US Dollars. Only one gift card can be used per order. Gift cards can be redeemed online at alejandrag.com. Gift cards are emailed to the recipient once the full order has been processed and payment has been taken. The code printed on the gift card must be used for online redemption. Gift cards can only be redeemed against an order which is being made in the same currency as the gift card. Gift cards cannot be exchanged for cash or an alternative currency and carry no cash value. Gift cards can only be redeemed in the currency in which they were created. Gift cards are non-transferable. If you return products that you have purchased using a gift card, you will receive a gift card balance on your account for the appropriate refund amount. Returns of products, to the extent paid using a gift card, will not be refunded in cash, and will be refunded only as value to the gift card. Gift cards are valid for 12 months from the date of their purchase. After 12 months from purchase of the gift card, any remaining balance will be cancelled. Alejandra G will not accept liability for lost, stolen or damaged cards or if a card is used without permission. If any of these occur, please contact Alejandra G immediately. Alejandra G is not liable for delivery of a gift card to an incorrect or non-existent email address. This is the sole responsibility of the purchaser to provide a valid e-mail address for the intended recipient. Alejandra G shall be entitled to cancel a gift card if we deem such action necessary. Gift Cards cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. Use of this voucher constitutes acceptance of Alejandra G’s terms and conditions set out above. This does not affect your legal rights.



Shipping & Delivery

DOMESTIC GROUND SHIPPING (U.S.A.)
Orders are processed and shipped within 24-48hrs (excluding weekends and holidays.)
Note: normal business hours are Monday-Friday, 9am-5pm PST - Shipping is not available outside of these hours. Once your order ships, you will receive an email notification with shipping confirmation along with a UPS tracking number-you can use this number to find out when your goods should be arriving, as a signature will be required for delivery. Please allow 5-7 business days for your order to arrive. If the merchandise you have selected is out of stock, you will be notified via email. You will only be charged for items that are shipped.
EXPEDITED SHIPPING  (U.S.A.)
We also offer 3 Day Select, 2nd Day Air, and Next Day Air shipping on all domestic orders. This fee will be calculated and charged at checkout. Expedited schedule as below:

NEXT DAY
You will receive your order the next business day by 12:00 pm if your order is placed before 11am PST Monday through Friday. If you place an order before 11am PST on Friday, your order will ship out on Friday and be delivered on Monday. We currently do not offer Saturday delivery. Please note: Any order received after 11am PST Monday - Friday is not guaranteed to ship until the next business day.  The first full day after the order is shipped out counts as the first day. If the merchandise you have selected is out of stock, you will be notified via email. You will only be charged for items that are shipped. Overnight service is not available for shipments to Hawaii or Alaska.
2 DAY
You will receive your order within two business days if your order is placed before 11AM PST Monday through Friday.Please note: Any order received after 11am PST Monday - Friday is not guaranteed to ship until the next business day. The first full day after the order is shipped out counts as the first day. If the merchandise you have selected is out of stock, you will be notified via email. You will only be charged for items that are shipped.
3 DAY
You will receive your order within three business days if your order is placed before 11AM PST Monday through Friday.Please note: Any order received after 11am PST Monday - Friday is not guaranteed to ship until the next business day. The first full day after the order is shipped out counts as the first day. If the merchandise you have selected is out of stock, you will be notified via email. You will only be charged for items that are shipped.


Do you ship to P.O. boxes or APO/FPO addresses?
Unfortunately, we do not offer shipping to P.O. boxes or APO/FPO addresses.
Failed Deliveries & Returned Packages
UPS will attempt to deliver a package 3 times with a signature required, after a failed third attempt, the package will be re-routed back to our warehouse and a refund will be issued to the original form of payment. In the event that UPS is unable to deliver a package due to an incorrect address entered by the customer, the customer’s refusal to pay duties, multiple failed attempts to reach the customer at point of delivery, or otherwise, Alejandra G. is not responsible for payment of return shipping costs levied by the courier. Similarly, Alejandra G. is not responsible for the payment of re-shipping merchandise to the customer. In cases such as these, the customer is responsible for all shipping costs associated with returned packages due to failed delivery.
Service Delays
Alejandra G. is not responsible for unexpected shipping delays caused by circumstances such as severe weather or natural disasters. We are not responsible for unexpected shipping delays caused by circumstances related to the courier itself, such as clearance delays. In cases such as these, please directly contact the courier with any inquiries about the status of your package: UPS at 1-800-742-5877.
Tracking
Tracking information will not be available until your package ships and has left our warehouse. Please note: Depending on carrier, tracking information may not be available until 24 hours after courier has received the package. Once your order ships, you will receive a confirmation e-mail with your tracking number. Either click on the tracking number and follow the link or visit ups.com and enter your tracking number. Once your order has shipped from our warehouse, please directly contact your courier with any inquiries about the status of your package: UPS at 1-800-742-5877.
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
Please note: We do not accept returns on international orders.
Standard Shipping
Once your order has been processed and shipped, please allow 5-7 business days for your order to be delivered. Shipping fees will be calculated at checkout. A UPS tracking number will be sent to you via email once your order has shipped.
Express Shipping
Once your order has been processed and shipped, please allow 5-7 business days for your order to be delivered. Shipping fees will be calculated at checkout.  A UPS or Fedex tracking number will be sent to you via email once your order has shipped.
Customs and Taxes
Alejandra G. is not responsible for any customs and taxes applied to your package. You will be responsible for paying these additional charges for customs clearance. We must declare all items at their full price and cannot change this amount to lower custom fees.
Your order may be subject to custom fees or taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your particular country. The amount for custom fees and taxes is 20% of the dollar amount of your purchased products. However, the amount does depend on the country to which the order was shipped. Please contact your customs office for a specific amount and percentage breakdown. If you refuse your package, you are responsible for the original shipping charges as well as any custom fees or taxes that are incurred. If the packge is undeliverable and returned to AlejandraG.com, the shipping and return shipping total charges will be deducted from your merchandise payment amount refunded. In the instance that the price to return the merchandise exceeds the total amount of the merchandise including shipping costs, the package will be abandoned and you will not be refunded.
Exchange Rates
All of our items are listed in US Dollars and we charge your account in US Dollars. The bank that has issued your credit card will determine the exchange rate. To figure out the current exchange rate, please check out:http://www.xe.com/
International orders must ship to the billing address registered to the credit card. No exceptions.










Similar items








Caprese Olive


$ 272.00











Caprese Cream


$ 272.00











Caprese Black


$ 272.00











Azurine Black-Multi


$ 215.00











Roro Black-Multi


$ 260.00











Venice Tan


$ 280.00







 

 




Navigation

Store Locator
Contact
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy



Subscribe to our Newsletter
















Connect










Copyright © 2017 Alejandra G









SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Sign up for exclusive promotional offers.






















 


Cristina Tan


















































        $5 U.S. Shipping | Free on orders of $100+
      






Sign in
Join

USD


Cart (0)


Menu



































Alejandra G.
Cristina Tan


$ 189.99






7 / Camel - $ 189.99
8 / Camel - $ 189.99
9 / Camel - $ 189.99
10 / Camel - $ 189.99
11 / Camel - $ 189.99





Fitting Guide
Return Policy
Shipping & Delivery
Ask us a question


Returns:Our policy lasts 15 days. If over 15 days we'll evaluate each situation on a case by case basis to determine if an exchange or refund is warranted. To be eligible for a return, your item must be in the same condition that you received it. Trying on the item is understandable, but if any damage occurs while doing so, it will have to be evaluated before refunding.  All items must be in the original packaging when returning. Refunds:Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment, within a certain amount of days. Late or missing refunds:If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again. Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at info@myexclusiveshoe.com.Exchanges:If you need to exchange or return an item, send us an email at info@myexclusiveshoe.com. Shipping:We offer Free Shipping on all returns. Please contact us at info@myexclusiveshoe.com for your return label.If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance.
All orders are processed within 24 hours excluding weekends and holidays. More often than not if an order is placed before Noon Pacific Standard Time, the item will ship out the same day. 
We offer Free Shipping for any order being delivered in California or in the amount of $100 or more. 
We use the United States Postal Service for our shipping needs. In most cases, the expected delivery date printed on your receipt or provided at checkout will reflect a delivery time of 1, 2, or 3 business days and is based on origin, destination, and drop-off time. The expected delivery date does not come with a money-back guarantee.

Includes USPS Tracking
Delivery in 1 to 3 business days (2-Day delivery for more than 80% of the U.S.).
Includes Saturday Delivery

If you require overnight shipping contact us by email at info@myexclusiveshoe.com or by phone at (415) 539-6328 so we can quote you an overnight rate.




Name





Email





Phone Number





Message











About The Designer: Alejandra G. studied in Milan where she learned the fine art of shoe design and production under the guidance of some of the worlds most skilled artisans. Every shoe is hand crafted and produced with luxurious materials. Style and comfort all wrapped into one bad shoe.
Color: Camel Material: Kid Suede
Diagonal fringe straps. Gold spiked ankle straps. Heel Height: 4 inches



Customer Reviews
No reviews yet
Write a review












Tweet















More in this Collection




























You also Viewed















Alejandra G.
Nelly Bernal
Kandee Shoes
Lust For Life



Heels
Boots
Sandals
Holiday Collection



About Us
Contact Us
Return Policy
Fitting Guide
Shipping & Delivery


Follow us

















Copyright © 2017 My Exclusive Shoe • Shopify Theme by Underground Media • POS and Ecommerce by Shopify




Join our VIP Member List!
Sign up to receive our VIP email and get 10% off your first purchase. 






















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Xen-Tan Dark Lotion 236ml










 



























Basket (0 Items)
RegisterSign-In 


Contact Us
FAQs

Trade




Tweet







Sales Hotline 0844 800 7661







HomeAbout UsShopTop TipsFind a Spray TanLoved byBlog 








SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTERTO RECEIVE NEWS & OFFERS
FREE UK DELIVERYON ALL PRODUCTS
FIND A SPRAY TAN SALONYOUR LOCAL STOCKIST














Xen-Tan Dark Lotion, 236ml


Details
Reviews


 For a beautifully natural and intense shade of olive, choose Xen-Tan’s best-selling Dark Lotion.
A favourite of A-list celebrities and beauty editors alike, best-selling Dark Lotion gives a rich, natural olive tan that looks great for up to 10 days. Easy to apply, it goes on evenly, smells delicious and instantly creates a gorgeous streak-free finish you’ll love. Enriched with coconut and walnut oils, it helps you achieve a stunningly natural olive tan that’s exceptionally longwearing and leaves skin feeling nourished and silky smooth. And to make sure you enjoy a beautifully balanced result, it doesn’t gather at the ankles or elbows, and fades evenly.
Reasons to love Dark Lotion… 

BEST-SELLING Dark Lotion is a favourite of A-List celebrities and beauty editors
Gives instant rich, natural-looking, olive toned results for up to 10 days
Easy to apply, it goes on evenly, smells delicious and instantly creates a gorgeous streak-free finish
Packed with rich moisturisers, the lotion glides onto skin and leaves it feeling nourished and silky smooth
Simply apply a thin coat for a lighter tan, or apply a second layer for a deeper olive finish
Doesn't gather at the ankles or elbows and fades evenly
Enriched with Coconut and Walnut oils
Easy to use pump dispenser 
Suitable for face and body
This product contains nut oils
 

RRP
							
£28.99 


Please let me know when it's back in stock! 



First Name*
Surname*
Email*


Enter the code below into the box provided

(Audio)


Reload Image


 


Tweet












   24 Apr 2012 - 4:00 pm

 The Best Fake Tan there is and beleive me I have tried them all, St Tropez, Fake Bake, Sienna X etc - and this is the only one that really doesnt look fake.  They all say they look real  - but they never do and fade patchily, this fades so smoothly too.   The colour is olive - REAL, and it is so moisturising.  Once you use this, you'll never go back to any other Fake Tan.  Only problem is my Mum and sister always steal it when I buy it. 


 Emma Baker 27 Apr 2012 - 11:16 pm

 Great product. The best fake tan by far. Lasts well and wears off gradually. No hmrc for too much scrubbing. Natural colour and a great price. Would recommend this to anyone wanting a long lasting tan.


 Christina Noble 29 Apr 2012 - 3:40 pm

 This is the best fake tan on the market.  Its easy to apply, smells nice and looks so natural even though the colour is quite dark.  I scrub and tan twice a week and it maintaines the perfect tan.


 Kimberley Wilson 15 May 2012 - 2:14 pm

 This is my must have tanning product.  Not only does it leave me with an all over natural, beautifully even tan, it also leaves me feeling full of confidence.  


 Bethany Johnstone 21 Jun 2012 - 8:04 pm

 First time me trying this tan tonight and i have to say its the best tan i have ever used and this will be my regular tan from now on! The smell is so nice for me having fake tan on and it went on so easily, just need to wash it off tomorrow for the final results but so far so good! Looks so real and my skin feels amazing, don't have that sticky feeling that you get with most tans. It looks so good that my Mams stole it already and i only got it yesterday haha! A must buy tan, utterly in love!


 Xen Horsley 17 Jul 2012 - 7:33 pm

 This is my all time favourite fake tan - no other self tan can compare! It has a nice, dark base colour so you know where you've applied it, smells like a cherry bakewell slice (yummy!) and because of the olive undertones it leaves you with a natural looking tan. I have super pale skin and it makes me feel like a million dollars whenever I wear it. Xen-Tan? NO. This is My-Tan haha! Well worth every penny - highly recommended to all.


 Shareen Cameron 7 Sep 2012 - 2:26 pm

 Absolutely amazing. Gives you a lovely natural tan and its a doddle to apply, plus the smell is just yummy!


 Amy Bennett 21 Mar 2013 - 1:46 pm

 Very disappointed in this tan now, Xen Tan Dark Lotion used to be thick and last ages, now its thin and runny, comes off very easily on face and hands, wears off patchy and even goes on streaky with careful application. Going to try the Moroccan Oil one instead and hope it is a vast improvement.  


 Jeannette Maguire 22 Apr 2013 - 3:19 pm

 i have tried all tans on the market and i have personally found this one to be the best.I have light skin but dark eyes and love the colour . 


 Rebekah Jones 17 May 2013 - 2:27 am

 I tried this with gloves and although it turned out great in the morning, the application was horrible and stressfull!! I think I was rubbing it in too much and it was almost breaking up and rubbing off the more I was rubbing. Then I tried the mitt! I thought the lotion would be too thick to spread evenly but what a difference;the lotion glided on like a dream! Love this so much. AND this is the only tan which my hubby and son and friend instantly said they really liked it! They don't throw away compliments! I tried a very cheap mousse tan and my hubby hated it! My search for HG tan is over!


 Emma Quinn 12 Jun 2013 - 7:18 am

 I have tried so many fake tans, but this one is my favourite by far! 
The colour is a natural beautiful olive, so natural looking, never patchy or streaky, goes on evenly and it lasts a long time. I love the smell also! What a wonderful product!
A must have!!!


   25 Jul 2013 - 6:43 pm

 I have used this for two years now. The first year I found this tan to be amazing but this year the tan seems to go streaky after every application regardless of how carefully I am putting it on. It fades patchy too which was another thing it didn't do when I was buying it last year. I know the bottle looks different so is the tan different too?.


 Victoria Allan 6 Aug 2015 - 4:44 pm

 Being the kind of girl who buys her foundation in "porcelain" shades naturally, finding the perfect fake tan has been a bit of a journey, I found other brands would turn out yellow/orange against my skin, or appear fine until in direct sunlight and suddenly I'd be glowing orange. Xen tan is the exception. Beautiful, natural looking tan from the get go, can apply an extra layer for those occasions I want a darker colour and I have no worries about doing so, plus, it doesn't go patchy when washing off! 5* product. Thank you Xen Tan!


 Charlotte  6 Aug 2015 - 5:04 pm

 I love how natural the colour is and the way it makes your skin feel after the softness is amazing and I have yet to find a tan that sits so well on the skin without it streaking- totally awesome and I will shop all over just to try and find it ????


 K Ferguson 6 Aug 2015 - 5:37 pm

 Love love love this tan feel as though I am just back from the Caribbean when I have applied this soo soo many compliments asking where ? Have u been on holiday lol Tantastic ???????? xxxx


 Cliff Carter 6 Aug 2015 - 5:40 pm

 Being a man and consequently having different skin chemistry I find Xen tan's dark lotion to be the most effective and lasting tan product I've used - and there have been a fair few. Having fair pink undertoned skin this dark olive toned lotion transforms my skin into the kind of golden bronze a fair to medium skinned person with yellow undertones achieves! You know the fair Scandinavian blonde you always envied? You can get her tan now. My mum has much darker olive toned skin and on her this lotion deepens and enriches the colour giving her a beautiful Mediterranean colour. Suffice it to say we're both fans. What I will say is that preparation and maintenance is key with this product. Slap dash won't get those perfect results. I like to add a little petroleum jelly to my nails and nail bed to avoid those streaky digits and then quickly skim the tops of my hands and feet with a small amount of tan on a mitt. For everything else I can't recommend enough a good exfoliation session before tanning and good upkeep with hydrating and moisturing products. If you follow those tips and keep those fingers and toes careful guarded you can make this tan last a good week to ten days and feel great for the same duration. (And if all else fails there's the hair removal cream trick for brown palms but that didn't come from me and probably isn't healthy or clever. Shhh.)


 Barbara Henderson 7 Aug 2015 - 9:08 am

 I have tried many, many fake tans over the years and this is the only one that really 'takes' on my skin. It also has the best colour -  a proper golden-olive. I am relatively fair skinned and get very fed up with the usual recommended fake tans which always turn out so light as to be barely there - fair skinned people, this tan suits you too, I promise! Smells gorgeous - sort of almond-y, and unlike other tanning lotions this doesn't go off during the day into something horrible! It's also fast drying. I have found my perfect fake tan in Xen Tan Dark Lotion. Now can someone help me with my ongoing search for the perfect mascara?


 Chrissy Noble 7 Aug 2015 - 9:37 am

 Wow I LOVE this tan!!  It is so easy to apply with a tanning mitt and dries quickly.  I tan over night and wash it off in the morning and every time I get a perfect natural looking olive tan.  I scrub and tan twice a week and then I remain this gorgeous colour without uneven fading or streaks.  It has a lovely smell as it is applied and it doesn't have that horrid smell as it develops - perfection in a bottle.


 Danielle Steele 7 Aug 2015 - 6:11 pm

 This is hands down the best fake tan I have used! I've now been using it for 3 years have never went back. It doesn't streak, it smells nice and it can last on your skin for up to a week. Most importantly though it makes me feel so much more confident when I wear it! My boyfriend particularly likes me in it too ;)


 Deborah Parker 7 Aug 2015 - 6:35 pm

 I actually Love <3 this Sunless Tan.. I mean REALLY Love it!!  I have tried many over the years but this brand is by far THE best ever... I use the Xen Tan Dark Lotion & it's beautiful... the smell, the consistency, the application & the result - all amazing!  Having used this now for quite a while (years!), I would never use anything else & that's a fact.  I suffer from Eczema too & have really sensitive skin & have NO reaction whatsoever - that's how I know this product is naturally beautiful.  I love the gorgeous olive colour too & the way it fades naturally.. Cannot fault at all & have nothing but good things to say <3


 Charlotte Rozier 20 Aug 2015 - 7:14 pm

 This is my all time favourite fake tan, so much so that I recommended it to my friends and they are also now hooked! I have been using it for over 4 years now. It goes on so smoothly, I use latex gloves and make sure I rub in the fake tan really well in circular motions, I never have problems with streaks when I do this. I usually apply it in the evening then sleep with it on and wash it off in the morning. The colour is fab, it is not the usual orange fake tan colour, its more olive in tone and very natural looking. It is well worth the money - if you are questioning whether to purchase it or not DO IT :) you won't regret it!!


 Samantha Quigley 20 Aug 2015 - 10:08 pm

 This is my absolute favourite tan! I could never use different one again! It gives a perfect natural olive tan, which I absolutely love! It's so easy to apply and doesn't go patchy at all! It has a gorgeous almond smell too, not that horrible biscuit smell most fake tans have. Definitely couldn't live without it and have recommended it to absolutely everyone! Ladies, trust me when I say, this is perfection in a bottle.


 Lindsey Davies 21 Aug 2015 - 12:32 am

 In short, thee best fake tan on the market. And you can believe me when I say I have tried pretty much every brand out there! I first discovered fake tan when I was 15/16yrs old - I'm now 35 and been using Xen tan for two yrs..it's been quite a journey to find 'the one'!. When pushed for time though, and particularly if I need to go out after tan application, I use the gradual version of Xen tan, which for me achieves exactly the same depth of colour as the lotion after two applications. Fades naturally, perfect olive colour, smells good, goes on perfect with gloves or mit. If you prefer to apply with bare hands, scrubbing them after with bicarbonate of soda ensures no giveaway tanned palms..


 Philippa Carroll 22 Aug 2015 - 9:18 am

 Dark Lotion is amazing. Lovely natural colour and the smell is divine. So easy to use and doesn't leave those nasty orange crease lines around elbows etc as it just fades naturally. Brilliant!!


 Sophie Carter  24 Aug 2015 - 7:40 pm

 This brand is the best I have ever used, I would happily only use this brand for the rest of my life! I swap and change between this one (Dark Weekly) and the Moroccan Tan as they give amazing but very different results. This is a deep, olive-toned tan, which makes you look as though you have had a tan for weeks and are left with a very natural golden glow, or that you are a natural tanner (total lie) and have an olive skin tone all year round. The guide colour isn't too dark which is a good indication of whether or not you've put on too much. Unlike the Moroccan tan, it takes a while to build up, but it is no problem as the more you put on, the softer your skin feels! My favourite aspect is probably the smell, as it's very almondy and almost leaves you smelling like a bakewell tart! It takes days to fade if you don't scrub your skin too hard, which means it doesn't have to be applied very often and lasts a long time. Every tan from Xen Tan is worth every penny and I will never use another brand again!



  29 Jul 2017 - 12:21 am













your comments
send your comments







 

Why not try





Xen-Tan Perfect Bronze, 12g
Xen-Tan Body Scrub, 236ml
Xen-Tan Luxury Tanning Mitt 


Recently Viewed
NEW Ultra CollectionNEW Clean CollectionDark TanningLight/Gradual TanningMedium TanningMiniaturesAccessoriesSets 




Xen-Tan Moroccan Tan Ultra, 236ml
Xen-Tan Transformation Ultra, 236ml


Xen-Tan Fresh Tanning Mousse, 236ml
Xen-Tan Fresh Face Tan, 80ml
Xen-Tan Fresh Prep Scrub, 236ml


Xen-Tan Moroccan Tan Ultra, 236ml
Xen-Tan Transformation Ultra, 236ml
Xen-Tan Dark Lotion, 236ml
Xen-Tan Dark Lotion Absolute Luxe, 236ml
Xen-Tan Moroccan Tan, 148ml
Xen-Tan Mist Intense, 148ml
Xen-Tan Try Me Love Me Tanning Collection
Xen-Tan Moroccan Perfection Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Moroccan Tan Deluxe Mini, 30ml


Xen-Tan Transform Luxe, 236ml
Xen-Tan Face Tanner, 80ml
Xen-Tan Try Me Love Me Tanning Collection
Xen-Tan Transform Luxe Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Golden Glow Christmas Set


Xen-Tan Deep Bronze Luxe, 236ml
Xen-Tan Fresh Tanning Mousse, 236ml
Xen-Tan Fresh Face Tan, 80ml
Xen-Tan Luminous Gold Gel, 148ml
Xen-Tan Ins-Tan-Taneous, 236ml
Xen-Tan Mousse Intense, 118ml
Xen-Tan Face Tanner Luxe, 80ml
Xen-Tan Face Tanner, 80ml
Xen-Tan Try Me Love Me Tanning Collection
Xen-Tan Luminous Perfection Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Bestsellers Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Deep Bronze Luxe Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Luminous Gold Gel Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Ins-Tan-Taneous Mini, 30ml


Xen-Tan Try Me Love Me Tanning Collection
Xen-Tan Moroccan Perfection Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Luminous Perfection Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Bestsellers Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Dark Lotion Absolute Luxe Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Moroccan Tan Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Deep Bronze Luxe Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Transform Luxe Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Luminous Gold Gel Deluxe Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Ins-Tan-Taneous Mini, 30ml
Xen-Tan Face Tanner Mini, 30ml


Xen-Tan Fresh Face Tan, 80ml
Xen-Tan Fresh Prep Scrub, 236ml
Xen-Tan Ins-Tan-Taneous, 236ml
Xen-Tan Face Tanner Luxe, 80ml
Xen-Tan Face Tanner, 80ml
Xen-Tan Flawless Logic, 90ml
Xen-Tan Perfect Bronze, 12g
Xen-Tan Scent Secure, 236ml
Xen-Tan Body Scrub, 236ml
Xen-Tan Luxury Tanning Mitt
Xen-Tan Hard To Reach Back Applicator
Xen-Tan Luxury Gift Bag


Xen-Tan Ultimate Bronze Kit
Xen-Tan Try Me Love Me Tanning Collection
Xen-Tan Moroccan Perfection Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Luminous Perfection Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Bestsellers Mini Collection
Xen-Tan Luxury Gift Bag
Xen-Tan Golden Glow Christmas Set







Xen-Tan StockistsDelivery & ReturnsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPromotions Natalie Roche Limited



Your Basket



Your basket is empty












Email Address



Password

login


forgotten your password?









Portobello 'Christina' Tan Saffiano Real Leather Purse PP6-TAN-CHRISTINA






















































Exit Fullscreen  





 
























 

















 


















 




















Pure Luxuries London

is rated 4.90 stars by Reviews.co.uk based on 2125 merchant reviews








30% off your order* with code LUX30

 (excludes clearance items)




Free Fast Delivery & Returns 

 on all UK orders




Up to 70% off Clearance Items 

 be quick - Limited availability 










 
 


































 
 
















 





   Back | Browse more: PortobelloPurses
View Fullscreen Image







Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Google+








 




Portobello  - W11
'Christina' Tan Saffiano Real Leather Purse
 WAS £50.00, THEN £25.00   NOW £20.00  - Free UK 1st Class Delivery & Free UK Returns 







Description 
Drawing inspiration from the Boho-chic creativity of Portobello Market, the 'Christina' purse is made from fine leather with a textured Saffiano appearance and a rich tan colour. The interior is fully lined in contrast black, featuring eight card slots along with a couple of slip pouches for carefully-folded notes. Complete with a zipped pocket for a little loose change, the 'Christina' features a zip-round closure and standout shining gold-coloured hardware. 






Size & Info 




Made from fine textured Saffiano leather with a splash-resistant finish Fully lined 8 card slots, 2 pouches Zipped coin pocket 


Product Code: PP6-TAN-CHRISTINA
Material: Leather
Size Information:
Width 19 cmHeight 10 cmDepth 2 cm









Delivery


Free Delivery on ALL UK Orders
Usually arrives next working day including Saturdays, can take up to 3 working days


UK Tracked Next Day Delivery
£2.95 or FREE on all order over £150. Arrives next working day (Monday - Friday). 
Guaranteed Saturday delivery available for an additional £4.00


International Delivery available


More info on UK & International Delivery terms









Returns


Free Returns on ALL UK Orders
Should you wish to return any item, we try to make the process as simple as possible. Simply return your item to us in their original, unused condition within 14 days of purchase to receive an exchange or full refund. 
Please note, free returns are not available on personalised items unless the goods are faulty. Click for more information.
Returns policy - more info







Brand

Inspired by the fabulous fashionistas and cocktail of colours that is Portobello Road market in London, the aptly-named Portobello W11 stands out to defy convention. Each item is conceived as an individual, made with the finest materials to create a truly individual and desirable range of accessories. 




























Choose gift packaging



No



Yes


 




Presentation Pure Luxuries Gift Box, +£2.95Gift Wrapped Pure Luxuries Gift Box, +£3.95


Click here for detailsTap here for details







1 in stock!


Be quick, one remaining!











Add To Bag





Free Delivery & Returns on all UK orders
Deliveries usually arrive next working day












 






 




Gift Packaging Options
Beautiful Gift Packaging Options Available with huge savings when purchased with this item
Our beautiful gift bags, gift pouches and gift boxes are available with special discounts when purchased with selected gifts. 




 



 








Cookie Use
To provide the best possible experience, Pure Luxuries uses cookies. If you continue to use this website, you consent to receive cookies on Pure Luxuries.
More Info
Close















The Top Spray-Tanning Methods Behind Glowing Celebrity Skin | Shape Magazine




















































  Back Join NowLog InFitnessWorkoutsWorkout VideosWorkout TipsTrainingCardioWorkout MusicWorkout TrendsWorkout ClothesWorkout GearHealthy EatingHealthy RecipesMeal IdeasHealthy DrinksDiet Tips & NutritionHealthy CookingCooking VideosWeight LossTips & PlansWeight ManagementWeight Loss FoodsSuccess StoriesWeight Loss VideosLifestyleBeautySex & LoveMind & BodyFit GetawaysFashionBrideCelebritiesInterviewsCelebrity PhotosCelebrity NewsCelebrity WorkoutsStar TrainersCelebrity VideosVideosShopSweepstakes#LoveMyShapeSHAPE Activewear  Shape Magazine just $5.99!Join Now         Search form Search Shape Magazine   You are hereCelebrities / Celebrity Photos How Celebs Get Healthy, Glowing Skin All Year Long   The inside scoop on 6 bronzed beauties' favorite spray-tanning methods. Jené LucianiTopics: anna paquin,beauty tips,celebrity beauty,denise richards,jessica alba,kim kardashian,paula abdul,skincare,sunless tanning     We all know tanning is bad for us, but who doesn’t love to have that golden glow? You can forget fake-baking under artificial lights. Sugar-based spray tans that work with the body’s natural chemistry are the newest way to get a natural-looking tan without the effects of harmful UV rays.While orange palms used to be an indicator of a faux glow, the self-tanning industry has gotten so advanced that now, the lack of tan lines is the only way you can tell sun-kissed skin isn’t actually from the sun. Some stars are even getting “sculpted tans,” where the tanner is precisely applied to create the illusion of muscle definition in areas like abs and arms.There's no doubt; celebs are at the fore-front of the faux tanning revolution. Many have a spray tanner come to their homes, visit a salon that offers the service weekly at upwards of $50 a pop, or use their favorite bronzing products in-home. Paris Hilton reportedly even bought her own airbrush tanning machine and had her assistant trained in how to use it. Here, we profile six bronzed beauties and get the scoop on their favorite spray-tanning methods.RELATED: The Best Self-Tanner Tips You Won't Find on the BottleKim Kardashian: St. TropezKim Kardashian reportedly gets her glow on every time she’s in New York, at Cindy Barshop’s Completely Bare. The spa uses a salon-quality spray tan by St. Tropez, known for its pleasant smell. But, if you can’t get there yourself, try St. Tropez Tanning Essentials Self Tan Bronzing Mousse.“This is a must-try celeb secret,” says Katie Rosen Kitchens, Editor-in-Chief of FabFitFun. “The super light, airy formula creates an instant long-lasting tan and unlike most tanners, the light fresh fragrance won't leave you smelling like chemicals."Jessica Alba: Infinity Sun GlowCelebs like Jessica Alba adore Infinity Sun Glow on the Go. “The all-natural bronzing spray features hydrating botanicals, essential oils, and antioxidants and the eco-friendly aerosol can makes application super easy and even,” Kitchens says. “Best of all, you'll look sweetly sun- kissed rather than like an oversized Cheeto.”Anna Paquin: Color CoutureWhile she’s best known for her role as a vampire on True Blood (no tan needed), Anna Paquin has professed her love for spray tans over and over again. “It’s amazing how different your body looks with a good spray tan,” the actress says. “As anyone facing a job where they’re naked would!”Paquin gets spray-tanned by Hollywood sunless tanning “it girl” Monica Blanco of Colour Couture.Denise Richards: Spray di SoleDenise Richards is a fan of this LA-based organic spray tanning company created by “Spray Tanner to the Stars” Svetlana Feller. Feller says her tans are known for being completely streak-free due to its unique brush-on method. Now, anyone outside of LA can have a Spray di Sole tan too, as its products are now available for at-home use. Leann Rimes, Vanessa Hudgens, and Hilary Duff are also fans of the line.Melissa Gorga: Body Bling by Scott BarnesNJ Housewife Melissa Gorga is just the latest in a long string of celebs to profess her love for a product called Body Bling by celebrity makeup artist Scott Barnes, telling SHAPE it’s her favorite way to produce a golden glow.The bronzing moisturizer with just a hint of shimmer is reportedly also used on the entire cast of Dancing With the Stars before every performance and is what Barnes uses on clients Jennifer Lopez, Christina Aguilera, Gwen Stefani, and Madonna. You can get it for $42 at Amazon.com.Paula Abdul: NY Sun ClubPaula Abdul stops by this Manhattan tanning spot whenever she’s working in New York. Here, she and other celebs get customized airbrush tans from technicians who specialize in evening out skin tone and texture. Tans here start at $60.More on SHAPE.comWhere Are They Now? 6 Former Supermodels7 Celeb Exes Who Have Stayed Friends10 Celebrities Who Have Aged Gracefully20 Celebs Criticized for Their Curves

Comments Add a comment    

   Search Shape Shop   tops fashion cocktail dresses bottoms sunglasses bikinis fasion accessories plus size rompers lingerie blouses plus size clothing dresses rings jewelry swimwear one piece bathing suits handbags Shop More 















 





Vizzano Christina Tan | spree.co.za




























































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 



Subscribe and get R100 off*Buy gift vouchersDownload The App  Free Delivery*Orders over R250Free ReturnsWithin 30 days100% SecureOnline shopping     



Back




            Spree




                            SALE




                            All Women




                            Shoes




                            Boots




                            Ankle Boots



Christina Tan



































Click To Zoom








































SALE
Women

Christina Tan
Vizzano



R674
R899


Discovery Miles 6 740


All colours

















SIZE



4



5



6



6.5



7



7.5


Size Guide



Please select a size before adding to cart.



Add To Cart



Add to wishlist
Remove from wishlist



                Product Code: 46U8CH9




Details

Ankle bootsPU upperTanPointed toeBuckle detail



Care Guide

PUClean with a damp cloth





                    View all products by Vizzano




















You May Also Like




SALE






Western Suede Ankle Boots Camel/Tan
Wild Alice by Queue


R799
R1,099














Pydia Tan
Call It Spring


R799








SALE






Ankle Boot with Tassels Tan
Gia by Queue


R799
R1,299














Lace-up Casual Boots Tan
Wild Alice by Queue


R699






















Comparison Chart
                    







Standard SA
UK
USA
Europe




3
3
5
36


3 1/2
3 1/2
5 1/2
36


4
4
6
37


4 1/2
4 1/2
6 1/2
37


5
5
7
38


5 1/2
5 1/2
7 1/2
38


6
6
8
39


6 1/2
6 1/2
8 1/2
39


7
7
9
40


7 1/2
7 1/2
9 1/2
40


8
8
10
41


8 1/2
8 1/2
10 1/2
41


9
9
11
42


9 1/2
9 1/2
11 1/2
42










TOPBack to topSpree AppThe most effortless way to shop.SWITCH TO APP 



Sign up and get R100* off
Receive the latest trends, style advice, and deals delivered to your inbox.










Select your newsletter preferences below.


All
                                

Women

                                    



Plus Size
                                

Men
                                

Kids
                                















*By clicking "Subscribe" you are accepting our Terms & conditions and Privacy Policy.
R100 off purchases of R250 or more. Voucher issued for 1st sign-up only.
Voucher valid for 30 days and cannot be redeemed against items already on special sale.











































Christina Aguilera's Tanning Mishap










































































































Type keyword(s) to search














				Today's Top Stories
			


			1
		


	How to Do Your Brows Based on Your Face Shape








			2
		


	The Final Season of GoT Won't Air for a Long Time








			3
		


	There Was a Major Titanic Reunion 








			4
		


	The Coolest Movie Theater in Every State 








			5
		


	Chrissy Teigen Gets Real About Trump Blocking Her










Christina Aguilera's Tanning Mishap












By
					Jenny Studenroth




					Feb 3, 2012
				
















































Advertisement - Continue Reading Below



We've always loved Christina Aguilera's evolution over the years—not to mention how she more than holds her own as the only woman on The Voice's judging panel. But the girl's human...so we thought we'd turn her most recent, very human moment into an, uh, teachable moment.Earlier this week at Etta James' funeral, as Xtina wowed the crowd with an amazing vocal performance, photographers froze her faux-tan faux pas in time. While we give her serious props for choosing a faux—not real—tan, we've got two theories on why this happened...and how you can prevent a streaky glow:THEORY #1: She Didn't Shower Between Her Tan And Her PerformanceAll self tanners—whether they're DIY or professionally sprayed-on—use the same ingredient to "tan" your skin: DHA. It oxidizes with your skin—a bit like how an apple browns when exposed to air—creating a semi-permanent glow that gradually fades in about a week. Some, however, contain an extra layer of added color (think: body makeup) that serves as a guide, so you (or a professional) know where the color has gone. Those types of tanners require you shower 6 to 8 hours after using them. This gives the DHA time to do its job, and then you can rinse off the extra color. Maybe Christina got her spray tan too soon before her performance. But her mishap shows why waiting the 6-8 hours and then showering off the extra layer is a necessity. THEORY #2: She Reached For Liquid Bronzer, Not Self TannerBoth products tint your skin, but there's a big difference. Like we said, self tanner semi-permanently tints your skin. Bronzer, on the other hand, is simply body makeup and definitely not budgeproof. Once skin gets wet (you get caught in the rain, go for a swim...or start sweating bullets while performing a tribute to your idol!), it's going to run.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below


Christina, we feel for you that this was caught on camera. And we love you even more because we know you'll rise above it. Click here for the best self-tanners that'll keep you glowing, sans streaks.And find out more about why Cosmo is pro-self tanner and anti-tanning bed here.Photo: Getty ImagesMore Hair & Beauty articles you'll love:Tricks for Looking Better in PicturesSkip the Spa and Save Big BucksEasy Updo HairstylesOne-Step Makeup Looks to Try Now




Advertisement - Continue Reading Below






















Share





Tweet





Email








More From
Beauty








	Kylie Jenner Debuts Pink B-Day Beauty Collection







	This All-Out Drag Ursula Makeup Is Everything




Advertisement - Continue Reading Below







	7 Reasons Why Contacts Are Better Than Glasses




Created For
From Cosmopolitan For
Created By Cosmopolitan For


																Alcon Opti-Free
									











	Gigi Hadid Is Wearing the Weirdest Lipstick Color 








	Microblading is my new obsession.















	The Official "Mean Girls" Makeup Collab Is Here












	10 Faces Everyone Recognizes




Created For
From Cosmopolitan For
Created By Cosmopolitan For


																Alcon Opti-Free
									










	Artist Turns Body "Flaws" Into Gorgeous Rainbows








	3 Stunning Textured Braid Styles You Have to See











	9 Ways to Rock Your Lob





Advertisement - Continue Reading Below






Beauty


Beauty & Style


Is Getting a Tan Really That Dangerous?


Cosmo Goes Undercover in Tanning Salons!


Whoa...Check Out the E-mail We Got


480 Reasons to Never Tan Again


Indoor Tanning Feels the Heat


Truth and Lies About Indoor Tanning


self tanners


Tanning


practice safe sun


Christina Aguilera























Share





Tweet





Email















Tan Concealer


















































Before / After

Perfect Pigment 1 Transformation
Perfect Pigment 2 Transformation
Perfect Pigment 3 Transformation
Perfect Pigment 4 Transformation


Products

Perfect Pigment
Individual Products
Christina Concealer
Christina Lip Gloss
Retractable Brush
Super Model Mascara
Three Step Spa
Cleansing Gel
Mineral Mist
True Youth


About Us

About Christina
Makeup Myth
Why Mineral Makeup
Spot Light
















Tan Concealer

$15.00









Add to cart


SKU: Tan_Concealer










GOING GREEN
INGREDIENTS
TERMS OF SERVICE
CUSTOMER SERVICE
FAQ
CUSTOMIZE MY ORDER
PRIVACY POLICY








 






















































           Christina Tan - Très Fancy 


          
             



   



       
        Menu      0           
          DESIGNERS  
          LOOKBOOK   Luxury Dimitrius Dalia Wedding Gowns - Barcelona Collection Luxury Dimitrius Dalia Wedding Gowns - Paris Collection Colors Couture SHAIL K PROM DRESSEShail K Prom Dresses Luxury Julie Vino Evening Dresses Luxury Julie Vino Wedding Gowns Luxury A&J Wedding Gowns Kim Kiran Prom Dresses Kurves by Kimi Marsoni by Colors Glow by Colors Colors Dresses Mijanou Swimwear  
          INSTASHOP  
          WOMEN    
                  OCCASIONS   All Occasion Dresses Bridal Bridesmaid Mother of the Bride Guest Dresses Flower Girl & Communion Graduation Evening Cocktail & Party Casual Formal Desk to Dinner  
                  APPAREL   Tops Outerwear Bottoms Dresses Jumpsuit & Romper Swimsuits & Bikinis Vacation, Beach & Resort Wear Bodysuits & Shapers Pyjamas & Loungewear Lingerie Hosiery Active & Athleisure  
                  JEWELRY & ACCESSORIES   Jewelry Necklaces Rings Watches Bracelets & Cuffs Bridal Jewelry Brooches & Pins Chains Beauty & Tools Perfumes & Fragrances Accessories Womens Socks  
                  BAGS   All Bags Backpacks Clutches & Evening Crossbody Duffels Hobos Satchels Shoulder Totes Wallets & Small Goods  
                  SHOES   Pumps & Heels Evening & Wedding Ankle Boots & Booties Sandals & Gladiators Over the Knee & Thigh High Boots Wellingtons & Gum Boots... Flats & Ballets Espadrilles & Wedges Sneakers & Athletics Mocassins, Oxfords & Loafers Wedges & Platforms Flip Flops & Slippers  
          MEN    
                  Clothing   All Men's clothing Shirts Jackets Sweaters & Hoodies Shorts & Pants Underwear Sportswear Swimwear Robes & Pyjamas  
                  Men's Accessories   Men's Jewelry Men's Grooming Men's Sunglasses Bow Ties & Ties Men's Hats Men's Belts Mens Socks Men's Bags Phone Cases  
                  Men's Jewelry   Necklaces Bracelets Rings Cufflinks Mens watches Mens Sunglasses  
                  Men's Shoes   All mens Shoes Men's Sneakers Men's Boots Men's Derby Men's Oxfords Men's Monkstraps Loafers - Drivers - Slippers Shoes Cases Shoes Accessories  
                  Men's Bags   All Men's Bags Men's Backpacks Men's Briefcases Cosmetic & Travel Bags Crossbody bags Duffel Bags Men's Shoulder Bags Men's Totes Men's Wallets & Small goods  
          UNISEX    
                  Unisex Kids   Infants & Toddlers Youths Teens  
                  Unisex clothing   Unisex Clothing for Kids Unisex Clothing for Teens Unisex Clothing for Adults  
                  Unisex Accessories   Unisex Jewelry Unisex Hats Unisex Sunglasses Unisex Bags Unisex Phone Cases Unisex Umbrellas Unisex Shoes  
          KIDS    
                  GIRLS   Girls' clothing Girls' Toys & Gifts Girls' Jewelry & Accessories  
                  BOYS   Boys' clothing Boys' Toys & Gifts Boys' Jewelry & Accessories  
                  UNISEX   Unisex Kids Unisex clothing Unisex Accessories  
                  Adolescents   Teen Girls Teen Boys Teen Jewelry & Accessories Teen Accessories Teen Unisex Clothing Tweens  
          FILTER    
                  EVENTS, SEASON & OCCASIONS   Seasons Wear to work Cocktail & Party Evenings Weddings Bridesmaids Groomsmen Mothers Fathers Guests Communions  
                  STYLE & SEASON   Sport & Activewear Intimates, Lingerie & Loungewear Vacation, Beach & Resort Wear Bridal & Bridesmaids Formal & Occasion Contemporary Western & Bohemian Traditional Vintage Unisex Tomboy  
                  COLOURS   Black White Blue Red Brown Pink Green Yellow Multi Print Search Colour  
                  SIZES   XX-Small (XXS) Extra Small (XS) Small (S) Medium (M) Large (L) Extra Large (XL) XX-Large (XXL) One Size (OS) Petite (PS) Plus (XXXL) Extra Plus (XXXXL)  
                  PRICES   Under $50 $50 - $100 $100 - $150 $150 - $250 $250 - $500 $500 - $750 $750 - $1,000 Over $1,000 $1,000 - $5,000 $5,000 - $10,000 Over $10,000  
          SALE  
          WISHLIST Free Worldwide Shipping on orders over $125  Login   USD CAD AUD GBP EUR JPY DKK VND
  

         
  Free Worldwide Shipping on orders over $125   0   Your Cart is Empty  
                Continue Shopping      $0.00 USD Subtotal     
                          I Agree with the Terms & Conditions       USD CAD AUD GBP EUR JPY DKK VND
   Login         DESIGNERS LOOKBOOK  INSTASHOP WOMEN  MEN  UNISEX  KIDS  FILTER  SALE WISHLIST                    Luxury Dimitrius Dalia Wedding Gowns - Barcelona Collection    Luxury Dimitrius Dalia Wedding Gowns - Paris Collection    Colors Couture    SHAIL K PROM DRESSEShail K Prom Dresses    Luxury Julie Vino Evening Dresses     Luxury Julie Vino Wedding Gowns    Luxury A&J Wedding Gowns    Kim Kiran Prom Dresses    Kurves by Kimi    Marsoni by Colors     Glow by Colors    Colors Dresses    Mijanou Swimwear       OCCASIONS   All Occasion Dresses  Bridal  Bridesmaid  Mother of the Bride  Guest Dresses  Flower Girl & Communion  Graduation  Evening  Cocktail & Party  Casual  Formal  Desk to Dinner    APPAREL   Tops  Outerwear  Bottoms  Dresses  Jumpsuit & Romper  Swimsuits & Bikinis  Vacation, Beach & Resort Wear  Bodysuits & Shapers  Pyjamas & Loungewear  Lingerie  Hosiery  Active & Athleisure    JEWELRY & ACCESSORIES   Jewelry  Necklaces  Rings  Watches  Bracelets & Cuffs  Bridal Jewelry  Brooches & Pins  Chains  Beauty & Tools  Perfumes & Fragrances  Accessories  Womens Socks    BAGS   All Bags  Backpacks  Clutches & Evening  Crossbody  Duffels  Hobos  Satchels  Shoulder  Totes  Wallets & Small Goods    SHOES   Pumps & Heels  Evening & Wedding  Ankle Boots & Booties  Sandals & Gladiators  Over the Knee & Thigh High Boots  Wellingtons & Gum Boots...  Flats & Ballets  Espadrilles & Wedges  Sneakers & Athletics  Mocassins, Oxfords & Loafers  Wedges & Platforms  Flip Flops & Slippers        Clothing   All Men's clothing  Shirts  Jackets  Sweaters & Hoodies  Shorts & Pants  Underwear  Sportswear  Swimwear  Robes & Pyjamas    Men's Accessories   Men's Jewelry  Men's Grooming  Men's Sunglasses  Bow Ties & Ties  Men's Hats  Men's Belts  Mens Socks  Men's Bags  Phone Cases    Men's Jewelry   Necklaces  Bracelets  Rings  Cufflinks  Mens watches  Mens Sunglasses    Men's Shoes   All mens Shoes  Men's Sneakers  Men's Boots  Men's Derby  Men's Oxfords  Men's Monkstraps  Loafers - Drivers - Slippers  Shoes Cases  Shoes Accessories    Men's Bags   All Men's Bags  Men's Backpacks  Men's Briefcases  Cosmetic & Travel Bags  Crossbody bags  Duffel Bags  Men's Shoulder Bags  Men's Totes  Men's Wallets & Small goods        Unisex Kids   Infants & Toddlers  Youths  Teens    Unisex clothing   Unisex Clothing for Kids  Unisex Clothing for Teens  Unisex Clothing for Adults    Unisex Accessories   Unisex Jewelry  Unisex Hats  Unisex Sunglasses  Unisex Bags  Unisex Phone Cases  Unisex Umbrellas  Unisex Shoes       GIRLS   Girls' clothing  Girls' Toys & Gifts  Girls' Jewelry & Accessories    BOYS   Boys' clothing  Boys' Toys & Gifts  Boys' Jewelry & Accessories    UNISEX   Unisex Kids  Unisex clothing  Unisex Accessories    Adolescents   Teen Girls  Teen Boys  Teen Jewelry & Accessories  Teen Accessories  Teen Unisex Clothing  Tweens       EVENTS, SEASON & OCCASIONS   Seasons  Wear to work  Cocktail & Party  Evenings  Weddings  Bridesmaids  Groomsmen  Mothers  Fathers  Guests  Communions    STYLE & SEASON   Sport & Activewear  Intimates, Lingerie & Loungewear  Vacation, Beach & Resort Wear  Bridal & Bridesmaids  Formal & Occasion  Contemporary  Western & Bohemian  Traditional  Vintage  Unisex  Tomboy    COLOURS   Black  White  Blue  Red  Brown  Pink  Green  Yellow  Multi  Print  Search Colour    SIZES   XX-Small (XXS)  Extra Small (XS)  Small (S)  Medium (M)  Large (L)  Extra Large (XL)  XX-Large (XXL)  One Size (OS)  Petite (PS)  Plus (XXXL)  Extra Plus (XXXXL)    PRICES   Under $50  $50 - $100  $100 - $150  $150 - $250  $250 - $500  $500 - $750  $750 - $1,000  Over $1,000  $1,000 - $5,000  $5,000 - $10,000  Over $10,000 


 


    Home /  All /
            Christina Tan     
         
  Christina Tan          $268.90 USD       Notify me when this product is available:      
Color: Camel 
Material: Calf Suede
Heel Height: 100mm

Dare to be different in our "Cristina" sandals with details that every shoe lover will go crazy for.  Her diagonal fringe strap hangs delicately over the foot, complimenting her gold spiked ankle strap.    Size 6 / Tan / INTERNATIONAL Size 6 / Tan / CANADA Size 6 / Tan / USA Size 7 / Tan / INTERNATIONAL Size 7 / Tan / CANADA Size 7 / Tan / USA Size 8 / Tan / INTERNATIONAL Size 8 / Tan / CANADA Size 8 / Tan / USA Size 9 / Tan / INTERNATIONAL Size 9 / Tan / CANADA Size 9 / Tan / USA Size 10 / Tan / INTERNATIONAL Size 10 / Tan / CANADA Size 10 / Tan / USA Size 11 / Tan / INTERNATIONAL Size 11 / Tan / CANADA Size 11 / Tan / USA 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   Tan  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            INTERNATIONAL    
            CANADA    
            USA 
  1 
            
              item left  Qty      Add to Cart   
          


Houzz

   Related Items   
       
 Azurine Black-Multi   Azurine Black-Multi       from $214.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / Multi / USA Size 6 / Multi / Canada Size 6 / Multi / International Size 7 / Multi / USA Size 7 / Multi / Canada Size 7 / Multi / International Size 8 / Multi / USA Size 8 / Multi / Canada Size 8 / Multi / International Size 9 / Multi / USA Size 9 / Multi / Canada Size 9 / Multi / International Size 10 / Multi / USA Size 10 / Multi / Canada Size 10 / Multi / International Size 11 / Multi / USA Size 11 / Multi / Canada Size 11 / Multi / International 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   Multi  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            Canada    
            International 
  6 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Azurine Black-Multi       from $214.90 USD
       
 Caprese Black   Caprese Black       from $271.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / BLACK / USA Size 6 / BLACK / INTERNATIONAL Size 6 / BLACK / CANADA Size 7 / BLACK / USA Size 7 / BLACK / INTERNATIONAL Size 7 / BLACK / CANADA Size 8 / BLACK / USA Size 8 / BLACK / INTERNATIONAL Size 8 / BLACK / CANADA Size 9 / BLACK / USA Size 9 / BLACK / INTERNATIONAL Size 9 / BLACK / CANADA Size 10 / BLACK / USA Size 10 / BLACK / INTERNATIONAL Size 10 / BLACK / CANADA Size 11 / BLACK / USA Size 11 / BLACK / INTERNATIONAL Size 11 / BLACK / CANADA 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   BLACK  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            INTERNATIONAL    
            CANADA 
  2 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Caprese Black       from $271.90 USD
       
 Caprese Cream   Caprese Cream       from $271.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / CREAM / USA Size 6 / CREAM / CANADA Size 6 / CREAM / INTERNATIONAL Size 7 / CREAM / USA Size 7 / CREAM / CANADA Size 7 / CREAM / INTERNATIONAL Size 8 / CREAM / USA Size 8 / CREAM / CANADA Size 8 / CREAM / INTERNATIONAL Size 9 / CREAM / USA Size 9 / CREAM / CANADA Size 9 / CREAM / INTERNATIONAL Size 10 / CREAM / USA Size 10 / CREAM / CANADA Size 10 / CREAM / INTERNATIONAL Size 11 / CREAM / USA Size 11 / CREAM / CANADA Size 11 / CREAM / INTERNATIONAL 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   CREAM  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            CANADA    
            INTERNATIONAL 
  2 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Caprese Cream       from $271.90 USD
       
 Caprese Olive   Caprese Olive       from $271.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / OLIVE / USA Size 6 / OLIVE / INTERNATIONAL Size 6 / OLIVE / CANADA Size 7 / OLIVE / USA Size 7 / OLIVE / INTERNATIONAL Size 7 / OLIVE / CANADA Size 8 / OLIVE / USA Size 8 / OLIVE / INTERNATIONAL Size 8 / OLIVE / CANADA Size 9 / OLIVE / USA Size 9 / OLIVE / INTERNATIONAL Size 9 / OLIVE / CANADA Size 10 / OLIVE / USA Size 10 / OLIVE / INTERNATIONAL Size 10 / OLIVE / CANADA Size 11 / OLIVE / USA Size 11 / OLIVE / INTERNATIONAL Size 11 / OLIVE / CANADA 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   OLIVE  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            INTERNATIONAL    
            CANADA 
  1 
            
              item left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Caprese Olive       from $271.90 USD
       
 Carmela B&W   Carmela B&W       from $223.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / MULTI / CANADA Size 6 / MULTI / USA Size 6 / MULTI / INTERNATIONAL Size 7 / MULTI / CANADA Size 7 / MULTI / USA Size 7 / MULTI / INTERNATIONAL Size 8 / MULTI / CANADA Size 8 / MULTI / USA Size 8 / MULTI / INTERNATIONAL Size 9 / MULTI / CANADA Size 9 / MULTI / USA Size 9 / MULTI / INTERNATIONAL Size 10 / MULTI / CANADA Size 10 / MULTI / USA Size 10 / MULTI / INTERNATIONAL Size 11 / MULTI / CANADA Size 11 / MULTI / USA Size 11 / MULTI / INTERNATIONAL 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   MULTI  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            CANADA    
            USA    
            INTERNATIONAL 
  2 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Carmela B&W       from $223.90 USD
       
 Christina Red   Christina Red       from $233.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / RED / USA Size 6 / RED / CANADA Size 6 / RED / INTERNATIONAL Size 7 / RED / USA Size 7 / RED / CANADA Size 7 / RED / INTERNATIONAL Size 8 / RED / USA Size 8 / RED / CANADA Size 8 / RED / INTERNATIONAL Size 9 / RED / USA Size 9 / RED / CANADA Size 9 / RED / INTERNATIONAL Size 10 / RED / USA Size 10 / RED / CANADA Size 10 / RED / INTERNATIONAL Size 11 / RED / USA Size 11 / RED / CANADA Size 11 / RED / INTERNATIONAL 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   RED  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            CANADA    
            INTERNATIONAL 
  2 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Christina Red       from $233.90 USD
       
 Roro Black-Multi   Roro Black-Multi       from $259.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / Rest of World Size 6 / USA Size 6 / Canada Size 7 / Rest of World Size 7 / USA Size 7 / Canada Size 8 / Rest of World Size 8 / USA Size 8 / Canada Size 9 / Rest of World Size 9 / USA Size 9 / Canada Size 10 / Rest of World Size 10 / USA Size 10 / Canada Size 11 / Rest of World Size 11 / USA Size 11 / Canada 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Choose your shipping destination   
            Rest of World    
            USA    
            Canada 
  5 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Roro Black-Multi       from $259.90 USD
       
 Venice Black   Venice Black       from $279.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / Black / International Size 6 / Black / USA Size 6 / Black / Canada Size 7 / Black / International Size 7 / Black / USA Size 7 / Black / Canada Size 8 / Black / International Size 8 / Black / USA Size 8 / Black / Canada Size 9 / Black / International Size 9 / Black / USA Size 9 / Black / Canada Size 10 / Black / International Size 10 / Black / USA Size 10 / Black / Canada Size 11 / Black / International Size 11 / Black / USA Size 11 / Black / Canada 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   Black  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            International    
            USA    
            Canada 
  1 
            
              item left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Venice Black       from $279.90 USD
       
 Venice Olive   Venice Olive       from $279.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / International / Olive Size 6 / USA / Olive Size 6 / Canada / Olive Size 7 / International / Olive Size 7 / USA / Olive Size 7 / Canada / Olive Size 8 / International / Olive Size 8 / USA / Olive Size 8 / Canada / Olive Size 9 / International / Olive Size 9 / USA / Olive Size 9 / Canada / Olive Size 10 / International / Olive Size 10 / USA / Olive Size 10 / Canada / Olive Size 11 / International / Olive Size 11 / USA / Olive Size 11 / Canada / Olive 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Choose your shipping destination   
            International    
            USA    
            Canada 

 Color   Olive  
  1 
            
              item left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Venice Olive       from $279.90 USD
       
 Venice Tan   Venice Tan       from $279.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / Tan / USA Size 6 / Tan / International Size 6 / Tan / Canada Size 7 / Tan / USA Size 7 / Tan / International Size 7 / Tan / Canada Size 8 / Tan / USA Size 8 / Tan / International Size 8 / Tan / Canada Size 9 / Tan / USA Size 9 / Tan / International Size 9 / Tan / Canada Size 10 / Tan / USA Size 10 / Tan / International Size 10 / Tan / Canada Size 11 / Tan / USA Size 11 / Tan / International Size 11 / Tan / Canada 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Color   Tan  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            International    
            Canada 
  2 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Venice Tan       from $279.90 USD
       
 Claudia Tan   Claudia Tan       from $207.90 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 6 / USA Size 6 / CANADA Size 6 / EUROPE Size 6 / REST OF WORLD Size 7 / USA Size 7 / CANADA Size 7 / EUROPE Size 7 / REST OF WORLD Size 8 / USA Size 8 / CANADA Size 8 / EUROPE Size 8 / REST OF WORLD Size 9 / USA Size 9 / CANADA Size 9 / EUROPE Size 9 / REST OF WORLD Size 10 / USA Size 10 / CANADA Size 10 / EUROPE Size 10 / REST OF WORLD Size 11 / USA Size 11 / CANADA Size 11 / EUROPE Size 11 / REST OF WORLD 
 Size   
            Size 6    
            Size 7    
            Size 8    
            Size 9    
            Size 10    
            Size 11 

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            CANADA    
            EUROPE    
            REST OF WORLD 
  4 
            
              items left  Qty      Add to Cart  



   Claudia Tan       from $207.90 USD
       
 Trinidad Wine   Trinidad Wine       from $98.90 USD  $356.40 USD


  Quick View

     Notify me when this product is available:        Size 8 / RED / USA Size 8 / RED / CANADA Size 8 / RED / EUROPE Size 8 / RED / REST OF WORLD Size 9 / RED / USA Size 9 / RED / CANADA Size 9 / RED / EUROPE Size 9 / RED / REST OF WORLD 
 Size   
            Size 8    
            Size 9 

 Color   RED  

 Choose your shipping destination   
            USA    
            CANADA    
            EUROPE    
            REST OF WORLD 
  1 
            
              item left  Qty      Add to Cart  


 Sale
   Trinidad Wine       from $98.90 USD  $356.40 USD




 

                       
  

 


 

 


 

Tan, Dr Christina - CosBeauty















































































































 








home
beauty

makeup
hair
skincare


health

diet & fitness
lifestyle
anti-ageing


enhancement

cosmetic surgery

breasts

breast augmentation
breast lift
breast reduction


body

liposuction
tummy tuck
body implants
body lift
labiaplasty


face

facelift
rhinoplasty
eyelid surgery (blepharoplasty)
brow lift
neck lift
thread lift
facial implants
ear reduction (otoplasty)


men’s procedures
hair loss
cosmetic dentistry
resources

are you ready for surgery?
patient safety




non-surgical

injectables & fillers
non-surgical face lifting
non-surgical body contouring
cosmetic tattooing
hair removal
IPL & laser
lip augmentation
tattoo removal




blog

roadtests
news & events


Directory
Quicksearch
 


 








Search













CosBeauty Magazine

Current Issue
All Issues




 

CosBeauty Magazine #76 




 

CosBeauty Magazine #75 




 

CosBeauty Magazine #74 




 

Cosmetic Surgery & Beauty #73 




 

Cosmetic Surgery & Beauty #72 

 





































Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help
Create an account


Create an account
Welcome! Register for an account

your email
your username

A password will be e-mailed to you.


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.










CosBeauty








 












home
beauty

makeup
hair
skincare


health

diet & fitness
lifestyle
anti-ageing


enhancement

cosmetic surgery

breasts

breast augmentation




 

The new trend in breast augmentation 




 

What to consider before breast augmentation 




 

Rise of the ‘mummy makeover’ 




 

All about breasts 




 

Breasts: 10 myths about breast implants…busted! 

 


breast lift




 

All about the breast lift 




 

Rise of the ‘mummy makeover’ 




 

All about breasts 




 

Breasts: 10 myths about breast implants…busted! 

 


breast reduction




 

Thinking of undergoing a breast reduction? 

 




body

liposuction
tummy tuck
body implants
body lift
labiaplasty


face

facelift
rhinoplasty
eyelid surgery (blepharoplasty)
brow lift
neck lift
thread lift
facial implants
ear reduction (otoplasty)


men’s procedures
hair loss
cosmetic dentistry
resources

are you ready for surgery?
patient safety




non-surgical

injectables & fillers
non-surgical face lifting
non-surgical body contouring
cosmetic tattooing
hair removal
IPL & laser
lip augmentation
tattoo removal




blog

roadtests
news & events


Directory
Quicksearch























 








Home     











Tan, Dr Christina




Tan, Dr Christina Category: Cosmetic Physicians Telephone: (03) 9349 3388 Clinic: Melbourne Cosmetic Medicine 674 Swanston Street CARLTON VIC 3053



 




SUBSCRIBE 

FREE ONLINE MAGAZINE 
Ad


FEATURED PRACTITIONERSClear DentalUltra AestheticsCutera


POPULAR POSTS

 The skincare breakthrough that’s reversing ageing skin by Erin Docherty | posted on June 30, 2017 
 The latest plastic surgery trend by Erin Docherty | posted on July 7, 2017 
 Why laser treatments are good for your skin by Tara Casey | posted on July 14, 2017 
 The ultimate weapons for skin perfection by CosBeauty Editor | posted on July 7, 2017 
 The skinny on fat reduction by Aimee Rodrigues | posted on June 30, 2017 
 These top 5 countries have the most plastic surgery procedures by Erin Docherty | posted on July 21, 2017 





 
 
 




            Follow us on Instagram            @cosbeauty


 




































































 









CosBeauty.com.au, the go-to site for authoritative articles on all aspects of cosmetic surgery and beauty, is published by Bella Media – the name behind Australia's most trusted cosmetic surgery magazine, Cosmetic Surgery & Beauty Magazine. 

We provide you with the latest news, reviews and opinions in the cosmetic, beauty and wellness industries, helping you look and feel your most beautiful.
Click here to contact us.
























 

 Recent Articles 

This celeb leads the pack in non-surgical treatments
Jul 28, 2017


Orgasms – what you need to know
Jul 28, 2017


These are your beauty travel essentials
Jul 28, 2017


8 superfoods you need in your life
Jul 27, 2017


These top 5 countries have the most plastic surgery procedures
Jul 21, 2017


 

UPCOMING EVENTS



Sat26Aug2017Sun27Aug2017
Beauty Expo AustraliaInternational Convention Centre Sydney,  Darling Harbour, NSW


Wed13Sep2017Sat16Sep2017
Cosmetex 2017Sydney

Click Here to see the complete Event Calendar 








Home
Privacy policy
Advertising
Contact us
 

                    © Copyright 2016 - Bella Media Group Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.                
























