


Tandem Diabetes Care - Wikipedia





















 






Tandem Diabetes Care

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.


Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: TNDM


Founded
San Diego, California 2006 (2006)


Headquarters
San Diego, California, United States



Number of employees

437


Website
www.tandemdiabetes.com


Tandem Diabetes Care is a public US medical device manufacturer based in San Diego, CA. The company develops medical technologies for the treatment of diabetes and specifically insulin infusion therapy.[1]
History[edit]
In 2006, a group of engineers recognized the need for new and improved methods of pumping insulin and incorporated as Phluid, Inc.[2] In 2007, Kim Blickenstaff joined the organization as President and CEO, bringing his philosophy of using market research as the inspiration for product development and started on the development of the t:slim Insulin Pump.[3] In 2008, this predecessor company became the newly incorporated Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. that was formed with a focus on promoting a comprehensive, user-centric, and integrated approach to diabetes product development and customer care.[4] Tandem Diabetes Care felt that incorporating enhanced ease of use and attractive design—often associated with consumer electronics development—would also encourage more patients to consider the clinical benefits of insulin pump therapy. Tandem Diabetes Care interviewed more than 4,000 insulin pump users and health care providers to design its first device, the t:slim Insulin Pump.[5]
Products[edit]
In November 2011, the company received FDA clearance to market the t:slim Insulin Pump, the first ever touch-screen insulin pump.[6] In February 2013, the company received FDA clearance to market the t:connect Diabetes Management Application, a Mac and PC-compatible data management application that provides t:slim Pump users and their healthcare providers a way to display data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters on a cloud-based platform.[7] In January 2015, Tandem announced FDA clearance of the t:flex Insulin Pump, the largest capacity insulin pump on the market.[8] In July 2014, Tandem announced that it had submitted a PMA for the t:slim G4, which integrates t:slim Pump technology with the Dexcom G4 Platinum CGM System. This device was approved by the FDA in September 2015.[9] The FDA approved a tool to update the software on Tandem's pumps in July, 2016. The Tandem Product Updater is designed to deliver software updates to Tandem's pumps to provide new features and interface improvements. In announcing the approval, Tandem stated that the first use of the new tool will be to update t:slim pumps which were shipped prior to April, 2015 with a new version of the firmware which speeds the loading process and offers other enhancements.[10] In late October 2016, Tandem began shipping its next-generation pump platform, the t:slim X2.[11] The X2 will receive updates via the Tandem Product Updater product, with planned updates initially including integration with Dexcom's G5 and G6 Continuous Glucose Monitors, and eventually the integration of closed-loop technology which Tandem licensed from TypeZero in July 2016.[12]
References[edit]



^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=46368713
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/snapshot/snapshot_article.asp?ticker=TNDM
^ http://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/2011/nov/16/san-diegos-tandem-diabetics-sell-compact-insulin-p/
^ http://www.tandemdiabetes.com/News/2013/Tandem-Diabetes-Care-Wins-MDEA-Readers--Choice-Award-for-t-slim-Pump/
^ http://diatribe.org/companiesorganization/tandem-diabetes-care
^ http://www.medgadget.com/2011/11/tandem-tslim-glucose-pump-gets-fda-clearance.html
^ http://www.healthline.com/diabetesmine/tandem-tslim-pumpers-now-connected
^ http://www.healthline.com/diabetesmine/newsflash-fda-clears-expanded-cartridge-tflex-insulin-pump
^ http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/850821
^ http://investor.tandemdiabetes.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=979561
^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005439/en/
^ http://investor.tandemdiabetes.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=980549







This corporation or company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Tandem_Diabetes_Care&oldid=781555648"					
Categories: Company stubsCompanies based in San DiegoCompanies listed on NASDAQHidden categories: Pages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 May 2017, at 22:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Tandem Diabetes Care's (TNDM) CEO Kim Blickenstaff on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Tandem Diabetes Care's (TNDM) CEO Kim Blickenstaff on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.27.17 | About: Tandem Diabetes (TNDM) Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM)
Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call
July 27, 2017 4:30 PM ET
Executives
Susan Morrison - Chief Administrative Officer
Kim Blickenstaff - President and Chief Executive Officer
John Cajigas - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Tao Levy - Wedbush Securities
JP McKim - Piper Jaffray
Ryan Blicker - Cowen and Company
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Tandem Diabetes Care Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Susan Morrison, Chief Administrative Officer. Ma'am?
Susan Morrison
Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining Tandem's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Today's discussions may include forward-looking statements. These statements reflect management's expectations about future events, product development timelines, and financial performance and operating plans and speak only as of today's date.
There are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in our forward-looking statements. A list of factors that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any of these forward-looking statements is highlighted in our press release issued earlier today, and under the risk factors portion and elsewhere in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other SEC filings.
We assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or other factors.
In addition, today's discussion will include references to a number of GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures are provided to give our investors information that we believe is indicative of our core operating performance and reflects our ongoing business operations.
We believe these non-GAAP financial measures facilitate better comparisons of operating results across reporting periods. For additional information about our use of non-GAAP financial measures, please see the information under the heading use of non-GAAP financial measures in our press release.
The company also announced in an SEC filing today, the commencement of an ATM or an at-the-market public offering of its common stock. The focus of this call is to discuss the company's financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2017. In light of that and SEC rules and regulations, the company will not be discussing any ATM offering at any level of detail or answering questions about the offering.
Kim Blickenstaff, Tandem's President and CEO will be leading today's call. And at this time, I'll turn it over to Kim.
Kim Blickenstaff
Thank you, Susan. Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us on today's second quarter earnings call. With me today is John Cajigas, our Chief Financial Officer.
Looking back at the first half of 2017, I was very happy to see the demand for our next-generation t:slim X2 pump remained high. And I'm proud of our employees for the overall strength that we continue to demonstrate both commercially and operationally. We made considerable progress on our gross margin and decreased our quarterly use of cash by more than 30% sequentially, while continuing to provide industry-leading customer support.
These accomplishments give us confidence in our ability to achieve our key goals, which focus on continuing to provide our customers with number one rated support, bringing new innovations to the diabetes community and driving the company toward profitability. The t:slim X2 pump is solidifying its position as our next-generation flagship products.

It brings people with diabetes all of the features and benefits and highlights Tandem's focus on listening to customer feedback, and is the only insulin pump that can be updated by a customer to add new features using their personal computer.
The t:slim X2 represented the vast majority of our pump shipments this quarter and once again, nearly 60% of our customers reported being new to pump therapy for multiple daily injections. Notably among customers switching from the competitors' pump, we continue to see that largest percentage converting from Medtronic, followed by Animas.
The continued high demand for the t:slim X2 by people who previously used MDI is confirmation that we are making progress on our long-time strategic goal to bring the benefits of insulin pump therapy to more people with diabetes.
We believe that following the FDA's approval of the t:slim X2 with G5 integration we will have an additional benefit to offer the diabetes community and further this mission. Our first insulin pump with Dexcom G5 sensor integration is currently under FDA review. And while approval is at the discretion of the FDA, we are prepared to launch as soon as that's received.
We have approximately 12,000 people currently using the t:slim X2 pump and there is great excitement among our employees that work on the Tandem Device Updater for the opportunity to demonstrate the true advantage of updatability. We expect that providing our t:slim X2 customers with G5 integration for no cost will reinforce the power of our modern consumer technology that no other insulin pump offers.
It will also be the fulfillment of our vision that we outlined years ago to offer our customers a universal pump platform that can be updated as new innovations are approved by the FDA. We also expect that our launch of the t:slim X2 with G5 integration will give customers the opportunity to weigh their purchasing decision head to head with the latest technology from our competitors.
A very significant advantage of the t:slim X2 with G5 integration will be the access that our customers will gain to Dexcom Share feature, which allows a patient to share their CGM data to their Apple or Android phone with up to five loved ones.
Anecdotally, we continue to hear mixed reviews of Medtronic's new platform, including feedback from customers and healthcare providers who are disappointed by the 670G. The concerns we hear most often center around the 670G's new interface being difficult to learn, train and use. The pump's substantially larger form-factor, frustration with auto-mode exists and variability in sensor accuracy, particularly when compared to the published accuracy of Dexcom's G5 system, which continues to be the only CGM system approved to allow users to make bolused dosing decisions from CGM values without confirmatory finger stick.
In looking at other notable points of comparison, the t:slim X2's form-factor and ease of use shines in comparison to the 670G that is more than 60% larger than the t:slim X2 and has physical button operations.
Our display is one-third larger than the 670G screen and it continues to be the only pump to feature a touch screen. The t:slim X2 was approved for people aged six and above, while the 670G is not indicated for use by anyone below the age of 14. The t:slim X2 features Bluetooth connectivity and a rechargeable battery that in today's world consumers have come to expect.
And finally, as we discussed, the t:slim X2 is the only updateable pump available. So patients won't have to participate in complicated swap-out programs to access new technology. Going into the third quarter, we believe the t:slim X2 offers meaningful advantages as compared to Medtronic's pumps. And our t:slim X2 with G5 will further strengthen our position in the market. We believe customers who had been on the sidelines waiting to learn more about the 670G are beginning to make purchasing decisions once again. And this trend will benefit us in the reminder of the year.

As a reminder, insulin pump sales follows seasonal pattern, which results in the fourth quarter being the strong quarter of the year. We believe there is great excitement in the diabetes community for the t:slim X2 with G5 integration to receive FDA approval.
After we're able to demonstrate the Device Updater's ability to deliver a substantial feature benefit to our existing customers in a quick and easy way, we believe there will be even more interest and future potential.
I'm pleased to share that we are continuing to make great progress on our two automated insulin delivery products. Both of which are designed to be offering the software updates to our X2 customers after they're approved by the FDA. Automated insulin delivery systems are only as good as the continuous glucose monitoring sensor that drives them. It's well documented that Dexcom's G5 sensor is the most accurate in the market. And the G6 will even have improved accuracy.
Adoption of automated insulin delivery systems by patients and healthcare providers will be a function of the burden imposed for the training and use of the system. The G5 sensor has the least calibration to achieve the best accuracy only to a day. The G5 also requires no bolus finger-stick confirmations. All of this reduces patient burden.
t:slim with its intuitive touch screen interface is documented to be easy to use and train. This also reduces burden for patients and their providers. We believe the combination of Tandem's t:slim X2, Dexcom sensors and algorithms will provide automated delivery systems that will be reliable, easy to use and provide improved patient care.
Blood glucose levels can be affected by many factors, such as the type or quantity of food eaten, illness, stress and exercise. The goal of automated insulin delivery is to enable patients to avoid hypoglycemia or low blood glucose levels. Hyperglycemia, or high blood glucose levels, and improved time in the normal glycemic range of 70 mgs per deciliter to 120 mgs per deciliter. Hypoglycemia can cause a variety of long-term complication, such as damage to various tissues and organs, seizures, coma or tragically even death.
Hypoglycemia is especially prevalent in night when people are increased risk of their blood sugar is going lower during sleep. Hypoglycemia is not only associated with considerable costs of individual in terms of well-being, it also represents a substantial costs burden to the healthcare systems.
Hyperglycemia can also cause a variety of long-term effects, including cardiovascular disease and damage to various tissues and organs. Our first generation automated insulin delivery system is t:slim X2 with Predictive Low Glucose Suspend or PLGS. This system is designed to prevent hypoglycemia by suspending basal insulin delivery when low blood sugar is predicted based on the Dexcom G5 sensor values.
Last month, if the American Diabetes Association Scientific Sessions, Dr. Gregory Forlenza of the Barbara Davis Center for diabetes presented results from our PLGS feasibility study. Results were very encouraging, just those expected no hypoglycemic events were observed during this overnight study.
We use the data from the study and the IDE submission for our pivotal study, which was approved by the FDA in May. It's designed as a six week crossover study and our five trial sites are preparing to begin enrollment of the 90 participants. Based on the study timing, we believe, we will conclude before the end of the year and then we'll submit a PMA to the FDA for this product once reports from the sites are finalized.
Our market research has shown the hypoglycemic prevention is about 80% of the value, the customers seek an automated insulin delivery algorithm, which are t:slim X2 with PLGS is designed to provide. We continue to anticipate that the review timeline for t:slim X2 with PLGS will benefit from the FDA's current review of the t:slim X2 with G5, as the only different feature will be the PLGS algorithm. Based on where we are in the process and assumed FDA timelines, a launch in summer 2018 is likely a realistic goal.

Our second generation automated insulin delivery system is intended to reduce hypo and hyperglycemic events and improve the time of percentage in the normal blood sugar range. This system include t:slim X2 pump with treat-to-range technology that we licensed from TypeZero as well as Dexcom G6 sensor.
With TypeZero's technology, our product for both increase and decrease basal insulin based on a person's blood glucose levels, as well as deliver automated correction boluses. As a reminder, we are participating in the NIH funded International Diabetes Closed Loop trial alongside TypeZero and Dexcom.
We plan to use the data from a portion of this trial, as our pivotal trial data in a PMA filing with the FDA. Based upon the traditional review times, we are targeting the launch of the TypeZero algorithm on our t:slim X2 platform by the end of 2018.
We believe the combination of our easy-to-use pump and superior CGM technology will result in a less burdensome system along more people to successful therapy using automated insulin delivery. As you can see, we are making great progress with our products under development and our working to maintain our solid track record of delivering new innovative products and features to the diabetes community.
Historically, Tandem products have only been available in the United States. The International pump market is an opportunity that we've continued to evaluate as demand from potential customers and healthcare providers outside of the United States has been building.
Behind the scene, we have been working to ensure our product testing and documentation of our quality systems meet international requirements, and we are pleased to report that we recently completed a successful audit from our Notified Body confirming as much.
To that end, I am excited to share the Tandem is preparing to file for CE Mark by the end of this year. And that we are planning to initiate sales of our t:slim X2 insulin pump and a handful of key geographies outside of the United States, including Canada next year. Our management team has experience in this process, and we plan to partner with distributors, who will service and support our customers outside the United States.
Overall our expansion into international markets will be a meaningful milestone for Tandem. It's been a longer term goal, to bring the features and benefits of our pumps, the people with diabetes worldwide. We will be providing more detail on our international strategy as the year progresses, but as you look at key growth drivers for our business over the next 18 months. It will be a component alongside the launch of our new products domestically, or scaling of infusion set sales and increasing opportunities from pump renewals.
I'd also like to reemphasize that we understand that our customers have choices and that customers who choose Tandem product rely on us for the long-term care. It's a responsibility that we do not take lightly. We take great pride in our high customer satisfaction scores and we intend to continue to deliver on our new products and development and validate the great process that our customers have placed with us.
We understand the financial resources this effort requires consistent with what we discussed last quarter we continue to evaluate multiple financing options that plan to provide additional clarity by the end of third quarter. Our priorities have not changed and we remain confident that our differentiated insulin pumps, the power of our Tandem Device Updater and our robust pipeline position as well to compete both in the near and long term.
Doing so helps us achieve our broader goals of successfully executing our business plan, supporting our customers and building shareholder value.
I'll now turn the call over to John, who will provide further detail on our results for the quarter and our financial guidance.

John Cajigas
Thanks, Kim. Good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll be reviewing our Q2 results on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis, and provide a color on our commercial and operational accomplishments. As a reminder, are non-GAAP results are adjusted from our GAAP results by excluding the impact of our technology upgrade program, which was initiated in July 2016. We believe that looking at our operating results on the non-GAAP basis provides useful information when comparing to our financial results for periods prior to Q3 2016.
In 2017, the non-GAAP adjustments primarily included the recognition of sales and cost of sales previously deferred as a result of technology upgrade program accounting for upgrades that were fulfilled this year. We also recognized incremental upgrade fees and product cost incurred to fulfill the upgrade obligations. The program is scheduled to expire in September 2017. A reconciliation of GAAP results to non-GAAP results is included in today's earnings press release as an exhibit.
Now looking at our sales and product shipments for Q2 of 2017, our GAAP sales were $21.3 million compared to $19 million for Q1 2017. Our non-GAAP sales were also $21.3 million compared to $17.5 million in Q1. The strong sequential growth was driven primarily by an increase in pump shipments as well as infusion sets sales. Although it remains competitive market as Kim mentioned, we continue to see signs of the pump market is beginning to unfreeze. And we anticipate this trend will continue throughout remainder of the year.
During Q2 our pump GAAP sales were $13.3 million compared to $12.5 million in Q1. Our non-GAAP pump sales were $13.4 million compared to $11.1 million in Q1. We shipped a total 3,427 pumps, a 22% increase from 2,816 pumps we shipped in Q1. Our t:slim X2 represented 94% of pump shipped during the quarter, it was a dominant pump offering. As we believe customers appreciate the t:slim X2's key differentiated features and its capabilities and combination with the Tandem Device Updater. These technologies have potential to offer significant advancements during our customers four year warranty period without clumsy hardware exchanges.
As of the end of Q2, our cumulative shipments have grown to approximately 57,000 pumps. This accomplishment provides us a sizable customer base from which we generate ongoing pump supply sales, especially as we increasingly capture infusion sets sales from our distributors.
That being said, it is important to remember that our pumps make up the greatest percentage of our overall sales, followed by infusion sets and then cartridges. We often discuss pump supplies in total, which includes both infusion sets and cartridges. However, there is a dramatic difference in the financial contributions of these two products. The customer typically changes their cartridge and infusion sets at the same time. So the use approximately the same number on an annual basis.
However, for a single customer using both our infusion sets and cartridges in the same change frequency, the infusion set typically would generate about 60% to 70% of the pump supply sales and the cartridge would provide the remainder.
In the past, we typically lost the infusion set sales whenever a customer would service through a distributor, because the infusion sets were not proprietary and were available from multiple suppliers. Distributor sales have historically represented more than 70% of our business. Therefore, for every cartridge sold we typically only sold an infusion set a fraction of the time.
Capturing the significant infusion set revenue stream is an important opportunity in our drive towards profitability. As a reminder, when we do not have a direct billing contract with a customers' insurance payer, we partner with the distributor who provides our customers access to our products on the new network basis.

Last year, we began executing a two-part strategy that focused on capturing more of the potential infusion set revenue. Part one, was the design and development of our custom t:lock connector which provides benefits to our customers by reducing the cartridge fill time and lowering the amount of wasted insulin, both of which were top request in our 2015 and 2016 customer surveys.
The manufacturer who makes our infusion sets is making all of our t:lock compatible sets. And we will offer the same selection of infusion sets as we do today. We remain on track to launch t:lock in the third quarter and expect our ratio of quarterly shipments of infusion sets to cartridges will be nearly 100% by the end of the year.
In advance of that, we are already beginning to see a meaningful increase infusion set sales as a result of the second part of our strategy, the renegotiation of our distributor contracts in anticipation of the launch of t:lock connector. In fact, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016, infusion sets overtook cartridges in sales for the first time.
We are very pleased to see that the ratio of the number of infusion sets shipped to the number cartridges shipped increased to 61% in Q2 compared to 51% in Q1 and 28% in Q2 2016. Accordingly, sales of our infusion sets in Q2 increased to 4.6 million compared to 3.4 million in Q1 and 2.1 million in Q2 2016.
From a volume perspective, our shipments also have more than doubled compared to last year. Sales of our cartridges in Q2 were 3.3 million compared to 2.9 million in Q1 and 2.8 million in Q2 2016.
Overall, our pump supply sales for the last six months are already at two-thirds of our pump supply sales for all of 2016. Notably, this significant progress is in advance for our upcoming custom t:lock connector launch. Clearly, the infusion sets are becoming a larger percentage of our total sales, providing meaningful source of gross profits.
The magnitude that each of our product influences our gross profits and overall gross margin is heavily impacted by the relative percentage of total sales that each of our products represent. So pumps have the greatest impact on our gross profits and overall gross margins by far, followed by infusion sets, and to a much lesser extent, cartridges. Also, as we experienced changes in our overall mix of our products sales, our overall gross margin has been impacted.
In Q2, pumps represented 62% of our GAAP based sales, infusion sets represented 21% and cartridges represented 16%. By comparison, in Q2 2016, pumps represented 79% of sales, infusion sets represented 9% and cartridges represented 12%. Moving forward, we still expect pumps will continue to beat the majority of our sales mix and a significantly higher percentage of our sales compared to infusion sets or cartridges.
Significant shifts in our sales mix combined with the gross margin difference between our pumps and pump supplies have and will continue to impact our overall gross margin. In Q2, our gross profit on a GAAP basis was more than 19% higher than Q1 and was 34% higher on a non-GAAP basis. More specifically, our GAAP based gross profit during Q2 was $8 million compared to $6.8 million in Q1.
And our non-GAAP gross profit for Q2 was $8.1 million compared to $6 million in Q1. Our GAAP and non-GAAP overall gross margin for Q2 increased 38%, compared to 36% on a GAAP basis and 35% on a non-GAAP basis for Q1.
The increases in our overall gross profits and overall gross margin were largely driven by a 22% sequential increase in pump shipments and increasing infusion set sales. But equally important, we also made meaningful improvements to the manufacturing cost of our products. More specifically on pump improvements, is a reduction in our material cost, with the recent launch of our t:slim X2 as well as increased manufacturing efficiencies, and continued improvement in our warranty results.

As we are keenly focused on our pathway to profitability, I've been happy to see that our pump supplies gross margins have been positive now for three consecutive quarters. Capturing infusion sets sales and the gross profit contributions they provide is a great opportunity for our business. I anticipate this trend will continue, particularly as we continue to increase our ratio of infusion sets to cartridges from 61% in Q2 to 100% by year end.
We've also continued to make meaningful gross margin improvements on our cartridges. This progress primarily relates to larger production volumes associate with our growing installed base as well as an improved yield in the manufacturing efficiencies. That being said, because cartridges are now such a small percentage of our sales, progress we make in this area helps, but does not benefit our business nearly as much as even a small improvement for our pump gross margin or capturing sales of infusion sets.
As you can see, we've made great progress within our manufacturing operations during the last year. We still have a significant opportunity in this area, and the highly anticipated launch of the t:slim X2 with G5. The launch of t:lock at higher pump renewal opportunities in the second half of the year will be key drivers for higher pump sales in overall gross margin.
Looking at the rest of our P&L our GAAP operating loss for Q2 was $19 million compared to $21.2 million in Q1. Resulting operating margin was negative 89% in Q2 compared to negative 112% in Q1. Our non-GAAP operating loss and operating margin were consistent with our GAAP results during the quarter.
However, I want to call out that our Q2 operating loss included non-cash expense of $5.1 million for stock based compensation, and $1.6 million for depreciation and amortization. For Q1, our stock based compensation was $3 million, and our depreciation and amortization was $1.4 million. There was a meaningful increase in the stock based compensation in Q2, which was associated with $2.4 million acceleration of unamortized stock based compensation related to our employee stock purchase plan.
What prompts the acceleration was that we decided to suspend our ESPP in Q2, as we exhausted the shares available under the plan. This was primarily a result of high employee to participate in recent purchased periods, and our lower stock price. To be clear no one is deriving a benefit from this non-cash charge, but nevertheless we reduced our operating margin by approximately 11 points in Q2.
Even with this onetime stock based compensation charge in Q2, our operating expenses decreased 4% compared to Q1 and only increase from Q2 2016 by $1.7 million or 7%. As we continue to closely manage our spending.
With respect to cash at the end of Q2, our total cash and investment balance sheet was approximately $38 million. Our cash and investments, decreased by $15.8 million in Q2 compared to $23.2 million in Q1 2017, excluding the net proceeds of the equity offering that we completed in Q1. This reduction is in line with our expectations of a sequentially quarterly decline in cash burn over the course of the calendar year due to seasonality of the business.
Our GAAP sales increased sequentially 12% and our GAAP gross profit increased 19% compared to 22% and 34% on a non-GAAP basis respectively. Additionally, working capital changes during Q2 impacted our use of cash. Our capital expenditures during the quarter, which were $1.4 million, declined $1.2 million sequentially, as we completed tenant improvements in our new manufacturing facility in Q2 2017. This was offset by $2.1 million increase in our inventory levels in anticipation of moving our manufacturing operations, as well as the anticipated launch of the t:slim X2 with G5 and t:lock.

The manufacturing we've commenced during the second quarter, and we successfully completed the first of several regulatory inspections. And expect to transition our operations in a stepwise fashion over the remainder to 2017, pending completion of remaining inspections.
With respect to guidance, we are reaffirming our previous total sales and operating margin guidance for 2017. We continue to expect our full year 2017 non-GAAP sales guidance to be in the range of $100 million to $107 million for all products, which excludes the financial and accounting impact of the technology upgrade program.
Sales are anticipated to be heavily backend loaded particularly towards Q4 due to our typical seasonality, the launch timing of the t:slim X2 with G5 and t:lock, and our 2017 renewal opportunity. As a reminder 2017 is our first full year with customers eligible for renewal under the typical four year insurance reimbursement cycle. Although we won't likely quantify any specific trends until after Q4, of the people who are currently eligible we are pleased with the renewal interest.
We also expect that the approval of the t:slim X2 with G5 will provide us with a competitive boost and will drive growth in the second half of the year. We believe that offering the features benefits of the t:slim X2 with the most accurate CGM sensor available and commercially demonstrating the capabilities of the Tandem Device Updater will be important catalysts to our future growth and drive us towards profitability.
We also continue to expect our non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of negative 65% to negative 70% for the full year 2017. This guidance includes non-cash operating expenses of approximately $11 million in stock-based compensation and approximately $6 million to $7 million of depreciation and amortization.
We expect our quarterly cash use will continue to sequentially decrease throughout the remainder of the year with the greatest decline in the fourth quarter, and that the overall cash use for 2017 will be lower than the $68 million we used in 2016. We are highly focused on items that improve competitiveness in the marketplace and improve our gross profits and gross margins. Additionally, we continue to control and even reduce some of our operating expenses and capital expenditures.
In a five-year period, we've achieved a market share of approximately 10%. In the past, we've said that, we believe that we can achieve sustained profitability when achieve a market share of 50% percent and gross margin of 55%. We continue to believe this is possible in 2019 and are evaluating opportunities to accelerate that time.
Overall, we've been evaluating multiple options to enhance our business and strengthen our balance sheet. And as Kim mentioned, from a timing perspective are working to provide additional clarity by the end of the third quarter. And expect to raise additional capital prior to the end of the year.
The performance of the business in the coming months, expectations on probability, timing and levels will be key factors in our evaluation of the financing. Earlier this month, we filed a preliminary proxy with the SEC that includes a reverse split proposal to our shareholders. Today, we filed the associated definitive proxy. Our goal remains to build the value of our stock independent of this transaction.
However, we want to be prepared for all options. Along those lines, we also filed a $15 million ATM this afternoon, which is an at-the-market offering as a supplement to our financing plans, is a vehicle that provides with the flexibility to sell shares at market prices and raise cash.
Before we wrap up, I want to recognize the successful efforts of all our employees during the first half of 2017. In particular, our sales force has remained competitive in the face of strong external headwinds. Internally, we've been preparing for the launch of t:slim X2 with G2 and t:lock. We made significant operational improvements that reduces manufacturing cost and improve product reliability.

Our product development activities have continued to make great progress as to have our core business projects that allow us to improve the leverage of our infrastructure and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction for our products and services. As a result, we believe these catalysts will make for a very promising second half of the year.
We very much appreciate everyone's hard work. Thank you, everyone. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Tao Levy of Wedbush. Your line is open.
Tao Levy
Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. A couple questions at my end. So first, maybe you could talk about any potential programs that you may have needed to sort of push out or delay as you seek to reduce your operating expenses over the near term?
Kim Blickenstaff
Well, I'd say, we are not trying to reduce our operating expenses, more control them. And obviously, we do rank our programs in terms of market importance and allocate our research and the manufacture and transfer dollars to those programs. So, now, we have pushed out guidance on G5 integration, PLGS or the TypeZero. Those remain our highest priorities.
We'll talk more I think in future calls about some of the other improvements that are coming after those major programs for us as resources do free up.
Tao Levy
Okay, great. And then, I don't know if you've ever talked about the sort of the percentage of your pump patients who are Medicare age. And, I guess, what I'm trying to figure out is will these patients be able to now transition to be able to use an integrated Tandem device like, you know, I guess, upgrade to the X2 or something where they can use a CGM if they're going to get reimbursement on G5?
Kim Blickenstaff
So our Medicare age patients are generally in the 10% to 15% range of our…
Susan Morrison
The people who are on Medicare, yeah.
Kim Blickenstaff
Medicare and Medicaid, so that's sort of the population you're dealing with.
Susan Morrison
And as far as their ability to use the product, so we won't know whether or not Medicare would be covering any of the integrated systems until following FDA approval. And so, unfortunately, we don't have an answer for that at this time. But it's something that we will be pursuing.
Tao Levy
Got you. Okay. And then just lastly in terms of the timing, the PLGS I think you're talking about now, summer 2018 is a realistic goal for a launch, I think that's a little bit further behind than early 2018. And is that just being conservative or is that based on your feedback from the FDA? Thanks.
Kim Blickenstaff
Well, it's just a combination of the reality of the trial initiation, recruitment and that timeline. And then, we're assuming a standard review time for the FDA. So it probably would slipped most of all.
Tao Levy
Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Susan Morrison
Thanks, Tao.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Matt O'Brien of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
JP McKim
Hi, good afternoon. This is JP on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to touch back with the timeline there. You are saying that it took a little longer to recruit than expected. And the FDA, proving your ability of X2 to talk with G5, that should be in the near future. But that doesn't really - that's not going to have affect the timeline of the low glucose suspend, right?
Kim Blickenstaff
No, no, that's right. PLGS is independent of the TypeZero program. And they're totally different to investigators that are involved in those, also different size of clinical trial for both.
JP McKim
Okay. So the midsummer launch of PLGS is not going to be the one talking with Dexcom sensor. That's going to be at the end of 2018, which is more of a closed loop.

Kim Blickenstaff
The G5 will obviously talk with - the Dexcom sensor receives that signal. But we also use their transmission app to the Droid and the Apple platform. So you have that Share feature which others don't have in that marketplace. And what's really unique about that is it if you think about a parent sending children off to school. There is no way to get blood glucose values from them other than pick up the phone and call, call the school nurse.
Now, they can actually track their children's control during the day. And we hear a lot about boyfriend, girlfriend or spouses actually looking over the other person's shoulder to see how they're doing, especially at night, because otherwise you have to wake people up and do a finger stick or wake people up and look at their PDA. So that's going to be a big advantage. I think people are really going to enjoy with the G5 in advance of PLGS being the automated hypo minimizer algorithm.
JP McKim
Got you. And then, yours will have - the one at 2018 will actually have an auto bolus correction, that you're probably the person on the market with that, correct? Do you know where Medtronic is in their process there?
Kim Blickenstaff
Yeah, there is an announced process there. I don't know that I have the dates, but it's farther out than our program.
JP McKim
Got it. And then will you need to do anything once the G6 is out in terms of going back to the FDA or will it just be kind of a software update on your end?
Kim Blickenstaff
Well, G6 is already being worked on by Dexcom to go the FDA in the same timeframe that we're predicting to be done with our trial and get approval. So that we'll have get approved and our X2 will have been approved with PLGS. Now, we're getting approval for the G6 plus the TypeZero algorithm. So we haven't forecasted any benefit from the FDA having seen these pieces coming sequentially. But that's sort of the order of events for the TypeZero product that is a G6 driven product.
JP McKim
Got you. And then a couple of more, one on t:lock is right now you are at 61% basically capturing and you should get 200% by the end of Q4 this year. What - can we get some dollar amounts of what revenue capture that could be in terms of the $10 million, $15 million?
John Cajigas
It's going to be in the tens of millions. The way we sort of look at it is a customer who buys our product on a direct basis somewhere between 1,200 and 1,400 on a total basis for consumables, which includes cartridges and infusion set. And infusion sets are about 60% to 70% of that.
JP McKim
Okay. That's helpful. And then the last one for me on your kind of the pump market. You said - you commented that it's unfreezing a little bit, your feedback on synergies and mix. Have you seen sort of customer maybe trailing it or customers that were on hold come back to you guys thus far?
Kim Blickenstaff
I would say, they are early in the trial phase still. Our best estimates is about 1,000 people are on the 670G. There is 20,000 in that queue in the priority access program. So I really have to say everything is anecdotal. There maybe a few cases of people coming back to us, but it's nothing we can measure trends on, because the end number of people actually trailing that 670G is pretty small, yeah.
JP McKim
Got it. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator
Thank you. Next question is from Ryan Blicker of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Ryan Blicker
Hi, thanks for taking my questions. You discussed launching X2 internationally next year and said you plan to use distribution partners. Have distribution partners already been established or is that something you hope to achieve over the next couple of quarters?
John Cajigas
We are in the middle of that process now having discussions, but we have not selected partnership.

Ryan Blicker
Okay. And then, maybe another on G5 display integration. You've made very clear from the start that you'll offer that update free of charge to customers. However, why not charge a nominal fee just to help the near-term cash flow?
Kim Blickenstaff
Well, I think our market standpoint, we really want people to actively do that upgrade, so they get the sense of the power of the Device Updater. I mean, we all are giving updates to our cell phones and giving them latest and greatest improvements, and we used to do it via computer, now we're doing it via our providers. But I really think this is something that we 20,000 of the X2 patients and we really want to push this out there quickly, and help them understand the power of what they're getting.
So the healthcare providers really begin to buy into the importance of upgradability during the four year life of a product, because if you look at the next 2, 2.5 years, we're going to have three upgrades here. And so we just want to make sure, we get the broadest experience as we launch this first update.
Ryan Blicker
Okay. That makes sense. And then I guess along those lines, after you've established that as you look forward to future software updates, is that something you'd be consider.
Kim Blickenstaff
That is something we will consider in the future. I think, this first round, we really want establish the evidence that the way we go about upgrade, it's a simpler and easier process that doesn't involve clumsy hardware exchange programs.
Ryan Blicker
Got it. And then one more quick one for me. Just on the trial timelines for the predictive low glucose suspend product. Can you provide any more details - more granular details and maybe when you expect to start that pivotal trial? Thank you.
Susan Morrison
Sure, we're preparing for a moment of the participants now, it's just based on the anticipated timing that that's going to be, and then with the crossover nature of the study. We don't expect the trial going to actually wrap up until just before year-end. And just based on the nature of the time it takes for the centers to prepare the reports, and then are filed the submission and then regulatory timeline. That's where you add it up.
We also just - previously we've said, we believe that there's going to be a benefit because the FDA will just review t:slim X2 with G5 integration. And the only difference between the PLGS product and that product they're reviewing today is the algorithm. But we really are still assuming that it's going to be at least closer to six month timeline, if you add all these timelines up.
And so we're not really expecting any benefit from it, but between now and year-end, really the focus for the pivotal is recruitment of the participants and then completion of the trial itself.
Ryan Blicker
Got it. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question is from Jeff Johnson of Baird. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst
Hi, guys. This is Tim in for Jeff this afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. First on new patient dynamics in the quarter, when looking at the 60% of new patients that came from competitive conversions, I know you called majority of those coming from Medtronic and then J&J. But I'm just wondering if you've seen a shift in that mix. If you're noticing less coming from Medtronic and more from J&J as J&J has recently spell their channel support.
Kim Blickenstaff
Well, I would say, the trend we've seen is increasing MDI usage. I mean, obviously we were at 50% sort of total in our base and now we're on the margin up in the 60% range. But I don't think there's any other trends that we've seen in the converting of population that we have. I mean, obviously, Roche is essentially out of the market, doesn't count for much.

And we traditionally have not converted insulin pump patients, so over to a durable pump they like that patch pump, lack of a catheter feature. So MDI is very promising, the rest of it is just sort of static.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay, great. That's very helpful. And then in terms of your international rollout, I know, you call that Canada specifically, but would you be willing to provide any color on other geographies, particularly in Europe that you guys are going to be looking to get into first?
Kim Blickenstaff
Yes, we've got some time to put that all together, we were looking at them, and there are some countries in Europe that have better reimbursement environment so forth. And obviously some of that reimburse pump. So we're putting that plan together, but Canada definitely is more like the U.S., addition that we can execute fairly easily. But we will give you more on which countries and when as we develop our plans toward the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay. Great. And then, I guess, one last one. As you move to kind of a more of a recurring revenue stream with t:lock, and is that something that you might think about maybe down the road in terms of your palms? Just recently with the announcement from Abbott and Bigfoot, and what it sounds like a kind of recurring monthly revenue model they'd be going to, is that something that you guys would potentially be looking to explore down the road?
Kim Blickenstaff
I think at this point, we think our business model is the way to go especially with the current reimbursement dynamics that are out there.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. At this time, there are no other questions in the queue. I'll turn it to Mr. Blickenstaff for closing remarks.
Kim Blickenstaff
Well, thanks everybody for joining our all today. We do have one healthcare conference between now and the next Q3 conference call. And that's the Wedbush conference which is in New York City and we're presenting on August 15. That's just several weeks away. So anyway, just in conclusion I think we have demonstrated strength in the first half of 2017.
We have great product potential for the back half of the year with our G5 launch. And then beyond as we bring our PLGS and our TypeZero treatment [ph] range products to the market through our Tandem Updater, without these complex swap up programs. So we look forward to keeping you updated as we continue to make progress on our financial front and on our product rollout front.
Talk to you next quarter Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Medical Instruments & Supplies, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All TNDM TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





TNDM Profile | Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballTandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (TNDM)NasdaqGM - NasdaqGM Real Time Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist0.5325-0.0486 (-8.3634%)At close:  4:00PM EDTPeople also watchPODDAPEIDXCMSTARAVGRSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsTandem Diabetes Care, Inc.11045 Roselle StreetSan Diego, CA 92121United States858-366-6900http://www.tandemdiabetes.comSector: HealthcareIndustry: Medical Instruments & SuppliesFull Time Employees: 591Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Kim D. BlickenstaffChief Exec. Officer, Pres and Director571.78kN/A65Mr. John  CajigasChief Financial Officer, Exec. VP and Treasurer475.47kN/A51Mr. John F. SheridanChief Operating Officer and Exec. VP490.14k174.34k62Mr. Brian B. HansenChief Commercial Officer and Exec. VP611.5kN/A49Ms. Susan M. MorrisonChief Admin. OfficerN/AN/A38Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionTandem Diabetes Care, Inc., a medical device company, designs, develops, and commercializes various products for people with insulin-dependent diabetes in the United States. The companys flagship product is the t:slim X2 insulin delivery system that comprises t:slim X2 pump, its disposable insulin cartridge, and an infusion set. It also provides t:flex insulin delivery system that includes t:flex pump, its 480-unit disposable insulin cartridge, and an infusion set; and t:slim G4 insulin delivery system, a touch-screen pump with an integrated CGM system. In addition, the company offers Tandem Device Updater, a PC and Mac-compatible Web-based system that allows users to update their pumps software; t:connect diabetes management application, a cloud-based data management application, which provides a visual way to display therapy management data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters for users, their caregivers, and their healthcare providers; t:90 and t:30 infusion sets for use with its insulin pump products; and various pump accessories. Its products in development include t:slim X2 with G5 integration; automated insulin delivery systems; t:slim X2 with PLGS; t:slim X2 with TypeZero; and t:sport insulin delivery system. The company was formerly known as Phluid Inc. and changed its name to Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. in January 2008. Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in San Diego, California.Corporate GovernanceTandem Diabetes Care, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 9. The pillar scores are Audit: 5; Board: 6; Shareholder Rights: 8; Compensation: 9.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







	Insulin Pump Accessories for Tandem Diabetes Products


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Accessories










Wear your Tandem pump in style! 

                    We’ve partnered with a popular cellphone accessories manufacturer to develop new cases for Tandem insulin pumps which are durable yet still stylish! We also offer extra charging accessories. You can explore the selection and buy them directly from our online store.

visit online store
























	Insulin Pump Accessories for Tandem Diabetes Products


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Accessories










Wear your Tandem pump in style! 

                    We’ve partnered with a popular cellphone accessories manufacturer to develop new cases for Tandem insulin pumps which are durable yet still stylish! We also offer extra charging accessories. You can explore the selection and buy them directly from our online store.

visit online store























Tandem Diabetes Care Inc (TNDM.OQ)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Tandem Diabetes Care Inc (TNDM.OQ)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				TNDM.OQ on NASDAQ Stock Exchange Global Market


				0.53USD
4:00pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.05


					            (-8.36%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.58


Open

$0.58




Day's High

$0.58


Day's Low

$0.52




Volume

162,062


Avg. Vol

132,880




52-wk High

$8.77


52-wk Low

$0.52












					Full Description



Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., incorporated on January 7, 2008, is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in designing, developing and commercializing products for people with insulin-dependent diabetes. The Company manufactures and sells over three insulin pump products in the United States that are designed to address insulin-dependent diabetes market, which include t:slim Insulin Delivery System (t:slim), t:flex Insulin Delivery System (t:flex) and t:slim G4 Insulin Delivery System (t:slim G4). The Company's technology platform features Micro-Delivery Technology, a miniaturized pumping mechanism, which draws insulin from a flexible bag within the pump's cartridge rather than relying on a syringe and plunger mechanism. The Company also features a software, which is a vivid color touch screen and a micro- universal serial bus (USB) connection that supports both a rechargeable battery and uploads to t:connect Diabetes Management Application (t:connect), its custom cloud-based data management application that provides display therapy management data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters.The Company's t:slim Insulin Delivery System consists of t:slim Pump, and it has 300-unit disposable insulin cartridge and an infusion set. Its t:flex Insulin Delivery System consists of t:flex Pump, and it has 480-unit disposable insulin cartridge and an infusion set. Its t:slim G4 Insulin Delivery System is the touch-screen pump with continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) integration. It offers its customers with various infusion set choices for use with its insulin pump products. The Company offers its customers a range of accessories for the pumps, allowing users to customize the device. The accessories include various color casings, belt clips and leather cases.The Company is developing Tandem Device Updater, formerly referred to as Project Odyssey, is a personal computer (PC) and Mac-compatible Web-based system that is being developed to give users the ability to update their pump's software remotely. The Company also focuses to develop t:sport Insulin Delivery System, or t:sport, is being designed for people who seek even greater discretion and flexibility with the use of their insulin pump by further reducing the size of the insulin pump and controlling its operation through a separate controller or mobile device application.The Company competes with Medtronic, Inc., Johnson & Johnson and Insulet Corporation.

» Full Overview of TNDM.OQ







					Company Address



Tandem Diabetes Care Inc
11045 Roselle St Ste 200SAN DIEGO   CA   92121-1231
P: +1858.3666900F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Dick Allen

--




							 Kim Blickenstaff

789,646




							 John Cajigas

2,879,140




							 John Sheridan

448,301




							 Brian Hansen

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Tandem Diabetes Care Inc News




BRIEF-Tandem Diabetes Care Q2 net loss per share $0.44

Jul 27 2017 
BRIEF-Tandem Diabetes Care Q2 sales $21.3 million

Jul 27 2017 
BRIEF-Tandem Diabetes Care reports Q1 loss per share $0.75

Apr 27 2017 
BRIEF-Tandem Diabetes reports public offering of 18 mln shares

Mar 23 2017 
BRIEF-Tandem Diabetes Care qtrly loss per share $0.48

Mar 08 2017 


» More TNDM.OQ  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareMedical Equipment, Supplies & Distribution






















	t:simulator™ Insulin Pump Simulator - Learn More Today!


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    























t:simulator™ AppA free virtual demo, and more!1

Download Now











Now you can experience the simple touch-screen interface of our pumps using your smart phone or tablet.




















                                Compare Tandem pumps
                            

                                Using the App, you can quickly
compare the interfaces of the t:slim®, t:flex® and t:slim G4™ Insulin Pumps.2 

























                                Help at your fingertips
                            

                                With Tool Tips enabled,
many of our pumps’ key features are highlighted and explained to help you get
started. You can turn them off (or back on) at any time.

























                                Other great features
                            

                                In addition to the free pump
demos, you can also learn about our pumps’ technical specifications, access a
glossary of common terms, check your insurance benefits for pump coverage, and
call or email a Customer Care representative, all from within the App!

























                                Compatible devices
                            

The t:simulator App is
compatible with the following devices:

iPhone 4 or later
iPad 2 or later
iPod touch 4G or later
Android 4.4 KitKat
Android 5.0 Lollipop




















 
Download now!
You can search the App Store or Google Play for t:simulator, or use the links in the badges to go straight to the download page.















            1. THIS APPLICATION IS FOR DEMONSTRATION PURPOSES ONLY. IT SHOULD NOT BE USED FOR THERAPY DECISIONS.  It is intended to illustrate the user interface on a Tandem Insulin Pump.  This application is provided on an "as-is" basis, without any warranty, and is not identical to the functionality of the pump.  This application should not be relied upon for instruction on use of the pump and is not a substitute for the User Guide or training by a certified pump trainer.
2. The t:slim X2™ Pump interface for the
t:simulator is in development and will be available before the end of the year.

Apple, the Apple logo, iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch are
trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store
is a service mark of Apple Inc. 
Android and Google Play are trademarks of
Google Inc.
        






































	Software & Apps from Tandem Diabetes Care


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Innovative digital tools










Software + Apps

                    We offer a unique range of
desktop software and mobile apps, created using the same user-focused process
we use to design our insulin pumps.

















                                t:connect® Diabetes Management Application 
                            

                                The perfect companion for
Tandem pumps, our t:connect® Diabetes Management Application is the fast, easy
way to display, analyze, and save your diabetes data.

learn more
























                                t:simulator™ App
                            

                                We created the first free
digital pump demo to make it easy to experience the simple touch screen interface
of a Tandem insulin pump on your smart phone or tablet.

learn more
























                                Tandem Device Updater
                            

                                The Tandem Device Updater is a Mac® and PC-compatible tool for the remote update of Tandem insulin pump software. This tool allows us to provide our customers access to new and enhanced features faster than the industry has been able to in the past, and separate from the typical multi-year warranty cycle.

learn more


















Data Partners
We recognize the
importance of having access to your diabetes data in a variety of formats in
order to help make the best decisions. We have partnered with Tidepool and
diasend® to make our pumps’ data available on their platforms, and are always
evaluating other up-and-coming tools.














































	Infusion Sets for Tandem Insulin Pumps - Learn More Today!


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    























Infusion Sets



















                                t:90® Infusion Set
                            

                                Our
most popular all-in-one infusion set, and for good reason. The t:90 Infusion Set's
90-degree soft cannula comes pre-loaded in an automatic spring inserter, so
one-handed insertions are quick and easy, even in hard-to-reach areas.


90° flexible soft cannula
Automatic insertion
Large grip areas on connector make disconnection easier
Reversible connector makes reconnection simple
Transparent window at insertion point
Available in Blue, Pink, and Grey


6mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005908   /   10ea. - Grey
6mm cannula, 43" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005909   /   10ea. - Grey
9mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005910   /   10ea. - Grey
9mm cannula, 43" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005911   /   10ea. - Grey
6mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005912   /   10ea. - Pink
9mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005913   /   10ea. - Pink
6mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005914   /   10ea. - Blue
9mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 005915   /   10ea. - Blue
                            























                                t:30™ Infusion Set
                            

                                The t:30 Infusion Set is Tandem’s first all-in-one angled infusion set with a disposable integrated insertion device. The inserter ensures a 30-degree angle with each insertion and the reversible connector makes disconnection fast and easy.


30° flexible soft cannula
Automatic insertion
Transparent window at insertion point


13mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /  REF 007287   /  10ea.
13mm cannula, 43" tubing, Luer   /  REF 007288   /  10ea.
                            























                                comfort™ and comfort™ short Infusion Sets
                            

                                The world's #1 angled soft-cannula infusion set, the comfort is easy to insert, has a discreet, low profile, and convenient at-site disconnection. The comfort™ allows users to choose their most comfortable insertion angle (20 to 45-degrees), so it's preferred by patients who are lean and active.


30° flexible soft cannula
Manual insertion
Small window in front of the cannula shows when the soft cannula is inserted
    properly
Built-in adhesive is strong yet hypoallergenic
Visible and audible connection and disconnection confirmation


comfort Short, 13mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004172   /   10ea.
comfort Short, 13mm cannula, 32" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004173   /   10ea.
comfort Short, 13mm cannula, 43" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004174   /   10ea.
comfort, 17mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004177   /   10ea.
comfort, 17mm cannula, 32" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004178   /   10ea.
comfort, 17mm cannula, 43" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004179   /   10ea.
                            























                                contact™ detach Infusion Set
                            

                                The
contact detach infusion set features a very fine, 29-gauge, 90-degree stainless steel needle for those who prefer the reliability of steel sets but don't want to compromise on comfort. With its additional adhesive pad, contact detach provides extra security against needle dislodging. Its simplicity and security
make contact detach a good choice for those who have reactions to plastic cannulas, and those with a history of bent cannulas. The contact detach is available in 6mm and 8mm needle lengths, and 23" and 32" tubing lengths.


90º stainless steel needle
Manual insertion
Additional adhesive pad offers extra protection against dislodging


6mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004182   /   10ea.
6mm cannula, 32" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004183   /   10ea. 
8mm cannula, 23" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004187   /   10ea. 
8mm cannula, 32" tubing, Luer   /   REF 004188   /   10ea
















            t:90 and t:30 are trademarks of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.contact detach, comfort, and comfort short are trademarks of
Unomedical A/S









































	Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc | t:connect





























                    Don't show me this again
                   
                    

            Although the site may work fine with this browser, t:connect has not been explicitly
                tested to ensure that it works with it. See supported
                                                                browsers.
        




                Activity on another browser tab requires a 
                





















    Help

    Need help with t:connect or your pump? You've come to the right spot.



Getting Started:

- Add a
            BG Meter
 - t:connect Uploader software




User Guide



t:connect User Guide



Getting Started Guide




Help Videos
 - Get Started with t:connect
 - Add Your BG Meter
 - Tutorial  
    


Customer Support 24/7
 Contact us at: 1-877-801-6901
        



Weekly Maintenance Times
 Friday 8:00pm - 11:59pm Pacific
             - More Info







            Online Help
 Select a topic to get more information on.




  Intended Use 

Welcome


                        Product Overview 

t:connect System Requirements
                    

                        Uploader Software Requirements 

                        Application Access Requirements 

                         Supported Devices 


Getting Started


                        Install the t:connect Uploader Software 
Create a t:connect
                        Account 
Add a BG Meter to 
                        Your Account 

Sign
                        In to Your Account 
Upload Data



Overview of Reports

 
                        Date Ranges 
BG Color Coding 
Dashboard 


t:connect Reports


                        Therapy Timeline Report 
Blood Glucose
                        Trends Report (Modal Day) 
Activity Summary Report

CGM Hourly
                        Report 
Saving
                        and Printing Reports 


Settings
                    

                        My Devices 
My Account



Troubleshooting

Frequently Asked Questions

Error Messages



Miscellaneous
                    

                        Security 
Privacy Policy &
                        HIPAA 
COPPA: Children's
                        Online Privacy Protections Act 
Browser
                        Session Timeout 
Data Integrity

Online Help









        Quick Tips


            Add a Blood Glucose Meter




 Get a more complete view of your therapy and upload your BG meter data to t:connect. Add a BG meter  any time by visiting the Settings section and click the Add a BG meter button (or just click the button above).


            Export Your Reports with Ease

 Saving your reports as a PDF is a just a click away, with the Save PDF button. Press the down arrow on the button for two additional options. Select Custom Report to specify the additional information you want to be included in the report such as the data table, notes or blood glucose summaries. Use Export Data to open your data in Excel or other applications in CSV (Comma Separated Values) format.
    


            Add a Note in a Snap

 Need to annotate a blood glucose reading? Click on the blood glucose reading dot and press the Add Note to remind yourself why your BG got a little high.
    


            Current and Past Pump Settings at Your Finger Tips

 Your pump settings can be accessed by clicking on Settings >
        My Devices and clicking on the picture of your pump. A snapshot of your pump settings are captured every time you upload your pump's data allowing you to see both your most recent as well as past pump settings.



        Adherence Information at your Fingertips

 Want to know how often you've been changing your cannula for any given period, just take a look at the bottom of the dashboard. You'll not only find site and cannula information, but cartridge and tubing maintenence as well.
    



        See Your Insulin On Board (IOB)

 See the levels of insulin that remain in your body or Insulin On Board (IOB) by selecting the Insulin On Board checkbox on the Therapy Timeline Reports.







Sign In

                    |
                
Help

                    |
                
Terms & Conditions

                    |
                
Privacy Policy


                ©
                    2017
                Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
                All Rights Reserved. 
                    
t:connect®, t:slim®, t:flex® and Tandem Diabetes Care® are registered trademarks
                    and t:slim G4™ and t:slim X2™ are trademarks of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
                    




                t:connect Prod (Web-21) 2.2.4.28647
            




























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.






	Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc | t:connect




























                    Don't show me this again
                   
                    

            Although the site may work fine with this browser, t:connect has not been explicitly
                tested to ensure that it works with it. See supported
                                                                browsers.
        




                Activity on another browser tab requires a 
                


















Print

  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc | t:connect             TANDEM NOTICE OF PRIVACY POLICY  Effective February 14, 2013 PURPOSE AND SCOPE Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. ("TANDEM") is firmly committed to your privacy and we have implemented practices that protect your Personal Information (as defined below). This Privacy Policy states our privacy practices as it pertains to information collected from you through our website (www.tandemdiabetes.com, the "Site"), our software application products, and from our business associates. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DESCRIBES HOW INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW IT CAREFULLY. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. TANDEM will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. The privacy and security of your information is important to us. We will never sell, lease, share, rent, or barter ANY of your Personal Information to anyone outside of TANDEM, except as expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy. TANDEM shall maintain accurate, pertinent, accessible, confidential, and secure personal identifiable information, in accordance with privacy and security standards of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and other applicable State standards.    DEFINITIONS Business Associates: Business Associates are persons or entities that have access to Personal Information as a result of providing service to or for TANDEM. Confidentiality: Confidentiality only becomes an issue once the person's Personal Information has been received by another entity. Confidentiality is a means of protecting that information, usually by safeguarding it from unauthorized disclosure. Disclosure: The release, transfer, provision of, access to, or divulging in any other manner of information outside of the entity holding the information. HIPAA: Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") is a comprehensive legislation that ensures access to health coverage for those who change jobs or are temporarily out of work and establishes regulations for the use and disclosure of PHI and national standards for electronic health care transactions. Personal Information: PHI and PII. PHI: Protected Health Information: any information about you created or received by a physician or other health care provider which identifies you in any way and which relates to your health or payment for your care. PII: Personally-Identifiable Information: refers to information that can be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate an individual. Privacy: Privacy refers to the right of an individual to control his or her personal information and to keep it from being divulged or used by others against his or her wishes. using and processing: Includes using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. Security: Applies to the spectrum of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards put in place to protect the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of information and the systems in which it is stored. Detail security information is found in the TANDEM Diabetes Care Security Policy. Services: Provide medical products and provide support for the products, provide and improve our Site, services, features and content and enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site and use our products and services.   NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES Why We Collect User Information Our goal is to provide you with personalized service to better address your needs. We are therefore continually looking for ways to improve our services and product offerings. In general, in addition to the information we need to obtain to process your order, we may want to collect information to better help support communications with individuals who have purchased our product, to understand our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze user behavior, or any other communication efforts. By gathering information about user interests and preferences, we can devise correspondence, products and services that might specifically interest you. What Type of Personally-Identifiable Information do we collect? We may request information from you in a variety of ways and from different areas. When you request for information, communicate to our support team, we need to acquire your contact information, such as email address, phone numbers and physical address.  All requests for Personal Information will be limited to the minimum amount of information needed to accomplish the purpose of the request for performing the Services. Occasionally, we may invite you to complete optional surveys. The data gathered from these surveys will be used to improve and enhance our products and service offerings. We may also use your contact data from these surveys to send information about new TANDEM products and services, or promotional materials from our related partners. We will never disclose your Personal Information to a third party outside TANDEM, unless it is necessary to provide it for administration of health benefits as it relates to the purchase of TANDEM manufactured or distributed products. This includes contracted distributors of TANDEM manufactured products.  What Type of Non-Personally-Identifiable Information do we collect?  We may request certain non-personally-identifiable information from you. Non-personally-identifiable information is information that does not identify you personally. For example, our Web site may automatically recognize your domain name, IP address, browser version, operation system, and which pages you have visited on our website. We may use the non-personally-identifiable information that we collect from you to improve our service to you and enhance our Web Site. We may also use the non-personally-identifiable information that we collect for other business purposes. We may combine your Personal Information with non-personally-identifiable information and aggregate it with information collected from other users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions. When you visit the Site, whether as a subscriber or a non-registered user just browsing, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration, to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other non-personally-identifiable information. Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Entity Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service. When and With Whom Do We Share This Information? Our policy is to maintain the confidentiality of Personal Information, except where it is expressly described in this Privacy Policy, or in cases when the law requires disclosure or when we have your permission to do so.            The manner in which we conduct business and or interact with you as a patient or how we handle your PHI and PII is referenced in our Patient Bill of Rights (ADMF-000012). It is available for your review by contacting our customer support at (877) 801-6901          or support@tandemdiabetes.com       Access to Personal Information We will grant access to Personal Information to each business associate or contractor based on the assigned job responsibilities. The access privileges will not exceed those necessary to accomplish the assigned job responsibilities. TANDEM will provide access to Personal Information to the individual who is the subject of such information when the individual requests access within the timeframes required by the HIPAA Privacy Rules. If TANDEM does not physically possess the Personal Information but knows where it is located, it will inform the person requesting access to their Personal Information of the location of their Personal Information. Marketing Activities From time to time, we may share aggregated statistics of user behavior (e.g., customers, traffic patterns, etc.) with our partners. This information is collected through surveys, transactions, and promotions. The information will be aggregated to a level where no personally-identifiable information will be used. The aggregate statistics will NOT contain any Personal Information.  TANDEM does not sell, lease, share, rent, or barter personally identifiable information (names, addresses, phone numbers, etc.) to any companies or persons outside TANDEM, except as expressly set forth herein. We will disclose Personal Information to government officials and law enforcement agencies when it is required by law (e.g., in compliance with a subpoena or court order) or if we believe in good faith that such action is appropriate and necessary to protect and defend the rights of TANDEM, or to protect the safety of TANDEM users and the general public. Because of the uncertain regulatory environment associated with privacy issues, we may also be forced to disclose Personal Information and other information to the government. In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or bankruptcy, TANDEM reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the part acquiring assets. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site's features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Your information may be transferred to -- and maintained on -- computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, TANDEM transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Use And Disclosure of PHI  As a health care provider, TANDEM will use and disclose your PHI. TANDEM protects the privacy of this information, and it is also protected from disclosure by state and federal law. In certain specific circumstances, pursuant to this Notice, patient authorization or applicable laws and regulations, PHI can be used by TANDEM or disclosed to other parties. Below are categories describing these uses and disclosures, along with some examples to help you better understand each category. Uses and Disclosures for Treatment, Payment and Health Care Operations. TANDEM may use or disclose your PHI for the purposes of treatment, payment and health care operations, described in more detail below, without obtaining written authorization from you   For Treatment. TANDEM may use and disclose PHI in the course of providing, coordinating, or managing your medical treatment, including the disclosure of PHI for treatment activities of another health care provider. Information obtained by TANDEM will be used to dispense diabetes items, services and supplies to you. We will document in your record information related to the items dispensed to you and services provided to you. For Payment. TANDEM may use and disclose PHI in order to bill and collect payment for the health care services provided to you. For example, TANDEM may contact your insurer to determine whether it will pay for your diabetes care or to determine the amount of your copayment. We will bill your health plan for diabetes items and services supplied to you, and we may bill you as well. The information on the bill may include information that identifies you, as well as items and services you are receiving.  For Health Care Operations. TANDEM may use and disclose PHI as part of its operations, including for quality assessment and improvement, such as evaluating the treatment and services you receive and the performance of our staff in caring for you, provider training, compliance and risk management activities, planning and development, and management and administration. TANDEM may disclose PHI to attorneys, consultants, accountants, and others to help make sure TANDEM is complying with all applicable laws, and to help TANDEM continue to provide health care to its patients at a high level of quality.  Other Uses and Disclosures For Which Authorization is Not Required. In addition to using or disclosing PHI for treatment, payment and health care operations, TANDEM may use and disclose PHI without your written authorization under the following circumstances:   As Required by Law and Law Enforcement. TANDEM may use or disclose PHI when required to do so by applicable law. TANDEM also may disclose PHI when ordered to do so in a judicial or administrative proceeding, to identify or locate a suspect, fugitive, material witness, or missing person, when dealing with gunshot and other wounds, about criminal conduct, to report a crime, the location of the crime or victims, or the identity, description, or location of a person who committed a crime, or for other law enforcement purposes. For Public Health Activities and Public Health Risks. TANDEM may disclose PHI to government officials in charge of collecting information about births and deaths, preventing and controlling disease, reports of child abuse or neglect and of other victims of abuse, neglect, or domestic violence, reactions to medications or product defects or problems, or to notify a person who may have been exposed to a communicable disease or may be at risk of contracting or spreading a disease or condition. For Health Oversight Activities. TANDEM may disclose PHI to the government for oversight activities authorized by law, such as audits, investigations, inspections, licensure or disciplinary actions, and other proceedings, actions or activities necessary for monitoring the health care system, government programs, and compliance with civil rights laws. Coroners, Medical Examiners, and Funeral Directors. TANDEM may disclose PHI to coroners, medical examiners, and funeral directors for the purpose of identifying a decedent, determining a cause of death, or otherwise as necessary to enable these parties to carry out their duties consistent with applicable law. Organ, Eye, and Tissue Donation. TANDEM may release PHI to organ procurement organizations to facilitate organ, eye, and tissue donation and transplantation.  Research. Under certain circumstances, TANDEM may use and disclose PHI for medical research purposes. To Avoid a Serious Threat to Health or Safety. TANDEM may use and disclose PHI, to law enforcement personnel or other appropriate persons, to prevent or lessen a serious threat to the health or safety of a person or the public. Specialized Government Functions. TANDEM may use and disclose PHI of military personnel and veterans under certain circumstances. TANDEM may also disclose PHI to authorized federal officials for intelligence, counterintelligence, and other national security activities, and for the provision of protective services to the President or other authorized persons or foreign heads of state or to conduct special investigations. Workers' Compensation. TANDEM may disclose PHI to comply with workers' compensation or other similar laws. These programs provide benefits for work-related injuries or illnesses. Prescription Refill/Appointment Reminders; Health-related Benefits and Services; Marketing. TANDEM may use and disclose your PHI to contact you and remind you of a prescription refill, or to inform you of treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits and services that may be of interest to you, such as disease management programs. TANDEM may use and disclose your PHI to encourage you to purchase or use a product or service through a face-to-face communication or by giving you a promotional gift of nominal value.  Disclosures to You or for HIPAA Compliance Investigations. TANDEM may disclose your PHI to you or to your personal representative, and is required to do so in certain circumstances described below in connection with your rights of access to your PHI and to an accounting of certain disclosures of your PHI. TANDEM must disclose your PHI to the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (the "Secretary") when requested by the Secretary in order to investigate TANDEM's compliance with privacy regulations issued under HIPAA. Uses and Disclosures To Which You Have an Opportunity to Object. You will have the opportunity to object to these categories of uses and disclosures of PHI that TANDEM may make:  Disclosures to Individuals Involved in Your Health Care or Payment for Your Health Care. Unless you object, TANDEM may disclose your PHI to a family member, other relative, friend, or other person you identify as involved in your health care or payment for your health care.  Other Uses and Disclosures of PHI For Which Authorization is Required. Other types of uses and disclosures of your PHI not described above will be made only with your written authorization, which with some limitations you have the right to revoke in writing.  Uses and Disclosures Subject to State and Other Laws. In addition to the federal privacy regulations that require this notice (called the "HIPAA" regulations), there are state and other federal health information privacy laws. These laws on occasion may require your specific written permission prior to disclosures of certain particularly sensitive information (such as mental health, drug/alcohol abuse, or HIV/AIDS information) in circumstances that the HIPAA regulations would permit disclosure without your permission. TANDEM is required to comply not only with the HIPAA regulations but also with any other applicable laws that impose more strict nondisclosure requirements. Regulatory Requirements. TANDEM is required by law to maintain the privacy of your PHI, to provide individuals with notice of its legal duties and privacy practices with respect to PHI, and to abide by the terms described in this Notice. You have the following rights regarding your PHI: You may request that TANDEM restrict the use and disclosure of your PHI. Except as noted below, TANDEM is not required to agree to any restrictions you request, but if TANDEM does so it will be bound by the agreed restriction except in emergency situations. TANDEM is required to agree to a requested restriction for disclosures to a health plan for payment or health care operations purposes relating solely to an item or service that you have paid for out-of-pocket in full. You have the right to request that communications of PHI to you from TANDEM be made by particular means or at particular locations. For instance, you might request that communications be made at your work address, or by e-mail rather than regular mail. Your requests must be made in writing and sent to support@tandemdiabetes.com.  Generally, you have the right to inspect and copy your PHI that TANDEM maintains, provided that you make your request in writing to support@tandemdiabetes.com. TANDEM will inform you of the extent to which your request has or has not been granted. In some cases, TANDEM may provide you a summary of the PHI you request if you agree in advance to such a summary and any associated fees. If you request copies of your PHI or agree to a summary of your PHI, TANDEM may impose a reasonable fee to cover copying, postage, and related costs. If TANDEM denies access to your PHI, it will explain the basis for denial and your opportunity to have your request and the denial reviewed by a licensed health care professional (who was not involved in the initial denial decision) designated as a reviewing official.  If you believe that your PHI maintained by TANDEM contains an error or needs to be updated, you have the right to request that TANDEM correct or supplement your PHI. Your request must be made in writing to support@tandemdiabetes.com, and it must explain your amendment request to your PHI. TANDEM generally can deny your request if your request relates to PHI: (i) not created by TANDEM; (ii) that is not part of the records TANDEM maintains; (iii) that is not subject to being inspected by you; or (iv) that is accurate and complete. If your request is denied, TANDEM will provide you a written denial that explains the reason for the denial and your rights to: (i) file a statement disagreeing with the denial; (ii) if you do not file a statement of disagreement, submit a request that any future disclosures of the relevant PHI be made with a copy of your request and TANDEM's denial attached; and (iii) complain about the denial.  You have the right to request and receive a list of certain disclosures of your PHI TANDEM has made at any time during the six (6) years preceding your request. The list will not include disclosures for which you have provided a written authorization, and does not include certain uses and disclosures to which this Notice already applies, such as those: (i) for treatment, payment, and health care operations; (ii) made to you; (iii) for TANDEM's patient directory or to persons involved in your health care; (iv) for national security or intelligence purposes; or (v) to correctional institutions or law enforcement officials. You should submit any such request to support@tandemdiabetes.com and TANDEM will respond to your request. Children's Privacy TANDEM does not purposely collect Personal Information (such as a child's name or e-mail address) from children under the age of 13 without the permission from the child's parent or guardian. If we learn that we have Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 without permission from the child's parent or guardian, we will delete that information.  Choice to Opt-Out If at any time, you wish to stop receiving e-mail or postal mail from us regarding products or services, please you are able to opt-out by utilizing the unsubscribe link from the email or contact support@tandemdiabetes.com. Links The TANDEM web site contains links to other web sites. Please note, the TANDEM Privacy Policy does not apply to these linked sites and TANDEM is not responsible for, nor do we endorse, the privacy practices or the content of these sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies that govern those websites when you visit them and prior to entering your Personal Information. Retention of Records TANDEM will retain, secure, and maintain all records identified within the HIPAA Privacy Rule for at least 6 years using procedures that allow for access when necessary within a reasonable amount of time as determined by the Company. We will extend the records retention time requirement as necessary to comply with other government regulations, laws or requirements made by the TANDEM professional liability carrier. Security Precautions Our web site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access in order to safeguard your information. Please note, while we will continually make every effort to implement safeguards to protect your Personal Information, the very nature of the Internet makes it impossible to give a 100% guarantee on the security of transmitted data. TANDEM makes no warranties or representations as to the security and confidentiality of any data you transmit. Any data you transmit to TANDEM is at your own risk. For instance, any information that you transmit over the internet including via email may be unsecured and unencrypted before it reaches our servers, and you understand that third parties may be able to obtain and use the information. Application of Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to information received from residents of the United States of America and complies with "safe harbor" and accepted industry and regulatory standards within the United States of America. Sanctions TANDEM Diabetes Care will apply disciplinary sanctions for any personnel members who violate these policies, or any procedures implemented to support these policies. Sanctions include disciplinary actions up to and possibly including termination of employment and possible criminal prosecution. Changes to Privacy Practices? If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy or you object to the use of your information being disclosed as described in this policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 877-801-6901 or support@tandemdiabetes.com. However, TANDEM may be unable, and therefore may refuse to provide continuing service to you, if the restriction you request would interfere with the company providing Services that require such data, in example, insurance verification and billing for such claims. You have a right to possess a copy of this Privacy Notice.  © 2013 TANDEM Diabetes Care, Inc. All rights reserved.




Sign In

                    |
                
Help

                    |
                
Terms & Conditions

                    |
                
Privacy Policy


                ©
                    2017
                Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
                All Rights Reserved. 
                    
t:connect®, t:slim®, t:flex® and Tandem Diabetes Care® are registered trademarks
                    and t:slim G4™ and t:slim X2™ are trademarks of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.
                    




                t:connect Prod (Web-21) 2.2.4.28647
            

















	Products & Supplies for Diabetes Management


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Products











                    Having diabetes isn't a choice. How you manage it should be.
                



                    Tandem Diabetes Care® is the only company that offers three different insulin pumps to meet your individual needs. All of our pumps feature a sleek, modern design, and our unique,
simple-to-use touch-screen interface.
                














t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump

            The
newest Tandem pump — the same simple touch screen interface user’s love. Designed
for today, ready for tomorrow.™


Learn More 











t:slim G4™ Insulin Pump

            The first CGM-enabled, touch-screen insulin pump. Fully integrated with the Dexcom G4® PLATINUM CGM.


Learn More 











t:flex® Insulin Pump

            The largest insulin capacity of any available pump makes t:flex the right fit for greater insulin needs.


Learn More 







This content block is a spacer. This text will be hidden.








                    Pump Pairings
                



                    Tandem offers a variety of products to compliment or enhance our insulin
pumps, ranging from stylish clips and cases to our top-rated t:connect® Diabetes Management Application.
                















Software & Apps














Infusion Sets















Accessories









 






            1. dQ&A USA Diabetes Connections Surveys, 2013-2015. 
Important Safety Information




















	t:slim X2 Insulin Pump_Designed From The #1 User-Rated Pump


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    























t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump

Explore More 
Get Started
Free Virtual Demo






 






Designed for Today. Ready for Tomorrow™.

                    The t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump, available for individuals ages 6 and up, is the next-generation color touchscreen pump from Tandem Diabetes Care®.  Based on the #1 user-preferred1 t:slim® Insulin Pump, the t:slim X2 Pump boasts a durable watertight aluminum housing, an advanced Bluetooth radio capable of communicating with compatible devices, and is optimized for use with Tandem’s recently cleared Tandem Device Updater.
                

















                                So durable
                            

                                The t:slim X2 Pump is ultrastrong. Its aluminum body is very durable and light, and the touchscreen is made of high-grade, shatter-resistant glass. Plus, the t:slim X2 Pump is watertight2, so you don’t have to worry if it accidentally gets wet.
                            
























                                So preferred
                            

                                The t:slim X2 Pump is based on the original t:slim Insulin Pump consistently ranked #1 by pump users for product features and consumer software.2  This reflects
the focus that Tandem Diabetes Care places on all aspects of using and owning
an insulin pump, from cutting edge design, ease of use, expert training, unique
and powerful features, professional 24-hour customer support, and interactive
data management software.
                            
























                                So small, so discreet
                            

                                The t:slim X2 Pump is the slimmest pump on the market and has a sleek,
modern design. A patented pumping mechanism and the latest rechargeable battery
technology allow it to pack a 300-unit reservoir and up to seven days of power
into its slim, sleek case. The smooth, compact design allows it to easily slip
into a pocket or be worn discreetly under clothing.
                            
























                                So advanced
                            

The t:slim X2 Pump is compatible with the Tandem
Device Updater, a revolutionary new tool that allows users to update a pump’s
software from a personal computer3. Its first FDA-cleared use was to provide
t:slim Pumps purchased before April 2015 an update to the latest software, but
it has the potential to enable users to add new features in the future, independent of their insurance pump replacement cycle3. The t:slim
X2 Pump also incorporates familiar technology such as an integrated micro-USB
port for convenient charging and fast data transfer speeds.
                            

















A lot of pump in a little package. 












                    View More
                

                    View Less
                





 

300 Unit Reservoir
Micro-Delivery® Technology
Color touchscreen
Compatible with t:connect App
 Capable of remote software updates 3 

 




  usb connectivity  watertight2 durable aluminum caserechargeable battery advanced Bluetooth radio 












#1 Customer Support

At Tandem Diabetes Care, we put as much effort into standing behind our products as we do into designing them. Our #1-rated2 California-based Customer Support Team is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Contact Support at (877) 801-6901





















                                So what's next?
                            

                                Whether you're ready for a new pump, or you just want to try the simple touchscreen interface of Tandem's pumps on your mobile device, everything you need is right here:


Get Started
Try it for Yourself

    Interested in upgrading to a t:slim X2 Pump? Upgrade program for eligible Tandem Customers;
    t:slim X2 Upgrade Program.


















Support resources






                            tslim X2 insulin pump user guide
                        



                            tslim X2 product brochure
                        













            1. dQ&A USA Diabetes Connections Surveys, 2013-2016.

2. Tested to 3 feet for 30 minutes (IPX7 rating) 
3. Software updates and new features are not currently available for the t:slim X2 Pump and are subject to future FDA approvals. Charges may apply.

Indications for Use:

The t:slim X2 Insulin Delivery System is intended for the subcutaneous delivery of insulin, at set and variable rates, for the management of diabetes mellitus in persons requiring insulin, for individuals 6 years of age and greater. The device is indicated for use with Humalog U-100® or NovoLog®  insulin.
Important Safety Information







































	Jobs at Tandem Diabetes | Careers in Diabetes Technology














































                                    Menu
                                    



















Careers














Put your passion behind our pumps

                    We are looking for people who are passionate about making the lives of
people with diabetes better and better, through relentless innovation and
revolutionary customer experience.  If you’re driven, collaborative and creative,
apply today.
Attention: We have recently been made aware of several phishing attempts using emails sent by individuals posing as Tandem HR representatives, and referencing phony Tandem job postings. Tandem has no connection to these individuals and does not know their true identity. Please be aware that all official Tandem communications come from an email address ending in tandemdiabetes.com, and that we will never send a job offer without first receiving a completed online application and conducting an in-person interview. 

















                                Life at Tandem
                            

                                If you thrive in a casual environment that inspires collaboration and innovation, you have come to right place.

learn more
























                                The Perks
                            

                                We
recognize that the happiest people are the most productive people, so we offer
some of the most competitive benefits in the industry.

learn more
























                                Want to work with us?
                            

                                Search available positions, create or update your profile, and apply for a position today!

apply now




















Tandem Diabetes Care was  named among the Best Places to Work in San Diego for 2015. The list is published each year by the San Diego Business Journal.
                
























	t:slim X2 Insulin Pump_Designed From The #1 User-Rated Pump


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    























t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump

Explore More 
Get Started
Free Virtual Demo






 






Designed for Today. Ready for Tomorrow™.

                    The t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump, available for individuals ages 6 and up, is the next-generation color touchscreen pump from Tandem Diabetes Care®.  Based on the #1 user-preferred1 t:slim® Insulin Pump, the t:slim X2 Pump boasts a durable watertight aluminum housing, an advanced Bluetooth radio capable of communicating with compatible devices, and is optimized for use with Tandem’s recently cleared Tandem Device Updater.
                

















                                So durable
                            

                                The t:slim X2 Pump is ultrastrong. Its aluminum body is very durable and light, and the touchscreen is made of high-grade, shatter-resistant glass. Plus, the t:slim X2 Pump is watertight2, so you don’t have to worry if it accidentally gets wet.
                            
























                                So preferred
                            

                                The t:slim X2 Pump is based on the original t:slim Insulin Pump consistently ranked #1 by pump users for product features and consumer software.2  This reflects
the focus that Tandem Diabetes Care places on all aspects of using and owning
an insulin pump, from cutting edge design, ease of use, expert training, unique
and powerful features, professional 24-hour customer support, and interactive
data management software.
                            
























                                So small, so discreet
                            

                                The t:slim X2 Pump is the slimmest pump on the market and has a sleek,
modern design. A patented pumping mechanism and the latest rechargeable battery
technology allow it to pack a 300-unit reservoir and up to seven days of power
into its slim, sleek case. The smooth, compact design allows it to easily slip
into a pocket or be worn discreetly under clothing.
                            
























                                So advanced
                            

The t:slim X2 Pump is compatible with the Tandem
Device Updater, a revolutionary new tool that allows users to update a pump’s
software from a personal computer3. Its first FDA-cleared use was to provide
t:slim Pumps purchased before April 2015 an update to the latest software, but
it has the potential to enable users to add new features in the future, independent of their insurance pump replacement cycle3. The t:slim
X2 Pump also incorporates familiar technology such as an integrated micro-USB
port for convenient charging and fast data transfer speeds.
                            

















A lot of pump in a little package. 












                    View More
                

                    View Less
                





 

300 Unit Reservoir
Micro-Delivery® Technology
Color touchscreen
Compatible with t:connect App
 Capable of remote software updates 3 

 




  usb connectivity  watertight2 durable aluminum caserechargeable battery advanced Bluetooth radio 












#1 Customer Support

At Tandem Diabetes Care, we put as much effort into standing behind our products as we do into designing them. Our #1-rated2 California-based Customer Support Team is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
Contact Support at (877) 801-6901





















                                So what's next?
                            

                                Whether you're ready for a new pump, or you just want to try the simple touchscreen interface of Tandem's pumps on your mobile device, everything you need is right here:


Get Started
Try it for Yourself

    Interested in upgrading to a t:slim X2 Pump? Upgrade program for eligible Tandem Customers;
    t:slim X2 Upgrade Program.


















Support resources






                            tslim X2 insulin pump user guide
                        



                            tslim X2 product brochure
                        













            1. dQ&A USA Diabetes Connections Surveys, 2013-2016.

2. Tested to 3 feet for 30 minutes (IPX7 rating) 
3. Software updates and new features are not currently available for the t:slim X2 Pump and are subject to future FDA approvals. Charges may apply.

Indications for Use:

The t:slim X2 Insulin Delivery System is intended for the subcutaneous delivery of insulin, at set and variable rates, for the management of diabetes mellitus in persons requiring insulin, for individuals 6 years of age and greater. The device is indicated for use with Humalog U-100® or NovoLog®  insulin.
Important Safety Information







































	Products & Supplies for Diabetes Management


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Products











                    Having diabetes isn't a choice. How you manage it should be.
                



                    Tandem Diabetes Care® is the only company that offers three different insulin pumps to meet your individual needs. All of our pumps feature a sleek, modern design, and our unique,
simple-to-use touch-screen interface.
                














t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump

            The
newest Tandem pump — the same simple touch screen interface user’s love. Designed
for today, ready for tomorrow.™


Learn More 











t:slim G4™ Insulin Pump

            The first CGM-enabled, touch-screen insulin pump. Fully integrated with the Dexcom G4® PLATINUM CGM.


Learn More 











t:flex® Insulin Pump

            The largest insulin capacity of any available pump makes t:flex the right fit for greater insulin needs.


Learn More 







This content block is a spacer. This text will be hidden.








                    Pump Pairings
                



                    Tandem offers a variety of products to compliment or enhance our insulin
pumps, ranging from stylish clips and cases to our top-rated t:connect® Diabetes Management Application.
                















Software & Apps














Infusion Sets















Accessories









 






            1. dQ&A USA Diabetes Connections Surveys, 2013-2015. 
Important Safety Information





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Insulin Pumps From Tandem Diabetes Care - Switch Today!





































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Having diabetes isn't a choice. How you manage it should be.





                Tandem Diabetes Care® is dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes better and better, through relentless innovation and revolutionary customer experience.



Scroll Down







 













t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump

Our newest pump. Same modern interface. Designed
for today.  Ready for tomorrow™.



learn more












t:slim G4™ Insulin Pump

The only touch screen pump integrated with Dexcom G4® PLATINUM CGM.



learn more












t:flex® Insulin Pump

The largest capacity of any available pump - up to 480 units.



learn more








 


















I got a t:slim Pump because of its small size and touch screen. Now I don’t know how I survived without one! I actually think it’s cool, and I jokingly say I’m a robot and people think it’s awesome.






















As a private pilot I think a lot about keeping my blood sugar within a safe range. Thanks to the ease of use of the t:slim Pump, in-flight insulin delivery is a lot easier.






















I don’t spend much time thinking about the challenges that diabetes brings to my adventures. You only live once, so don’t waste it.






















I want people to know that I can live my life, I just have to take care of my diabetes.

























                                We encourage all of you, no matter what your relationship to diabetes, to take a look at the upcoming calendar of events for opportunities and learning environments that may interest you.
                            


                           See More
                        






















                                Our products only tell half the story. People behind the pumps share what motivates them to come to work at Tandem every day.
                            


                           Read More
                        






















                                Now with our free virtual demo you can experience the simple touch-screen interface of our pumps using your smart phone or tablet.
                            


                           Learn More
                        





























1. dQ&A USA Diabetes Connections Surveys, 2013-2015.*Individual symptoms, situations, circumstances and results may vary. Please consult your physician or qualified health care provider regarding your condition and appropriate medical treatment. Please read the Important Safety Information linked below before using a Tandem Diabetes Care product. Disconnect the infusion set from your body before flying in an aircraft without cabin pressurization or in planes used for aerobatics or combat simulation (pressurized or not). Rapid changes in altitude or gravity can affect insulin delivery and cause injury. As a reminder, avoid exposure of your Tandem Pump to temperatures below 40°F (5°C) or above 99°F (37°C), as insulin can freeze at low temperatures or degrade at high temperatures. 
Important Safety Information




















	Insulin Pumps From Tandem Diabetes Care - Switch Today!





































×


















                                    Menu
                                    





















Having diabetes isn't a choice. How you manage it should be.





                Tandem Diabetes Care® is dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes better and better, through relentless innovation and revolutionary customer experience.



Scroll Down







 













t:slim X2™ Insulin Pump

Our newest pump. Same modern interface. Designed
for today.  Ready for tomorrow™.



learn more












t:slim G4™ Insulin Pump

The only touch screen pump integrated with Dexcom G4® PLATINUM CGM.



learn more












t:flex® Insulin Pump

The largest capacity of any available pump - up to 480 units.



learn more








 


















I got a t:slim Pump because of its small size and touch screen. Now I don’t know how I survived without one! I actually think it’s cool, and I jokingly say I’m a robot and people think it’s awesome.






















As a private pilot I think a lot about keeping my blood sugar within a safe range. Thanks to the ease of use of the t:slim Pump, in-flight insulin delivery is a lot easier.






















I don’t spend much time thinking about the challenges that diabetes brings to my adventures. You only live once, so don’t waste it.






















I want people to know that I can live my life, I just have to take care of my diabetes.

























                                We encourage all of you, no matter what your relationship to diabetes, to take a look at the upcoming calendar of events for opportunities and learning environments that may interest you.
                            


                           See More
                        






















                                Our products only tell half the story. People behind the pumps share what motivates them to come to work at Tandem every day.
                            


                           Read More
                        






















                                Now with our free virtual demo you can experience the simple touch-screen interface of our pumps using your smart phone or tablet.
                            


                           Learn More
                        





























1. dQ&A USA Diabetes Connections Surveys, 2013-2015.*Individual symptoms, situations, circumstances and results may vary. Please consult your physician or qualified health care provider regarding your condition and appropriate medical treatment. Please read the Important Safety Information linked below before using a Tandem Diabetes Care product. Disconnect the infusion set from your body before flying in an aircraft without cabin pressurization or in planes used for aerobatics or combat simulation (pressurized or not). Rapid changes in altitude or gravity can affect insulin delivery and cause injury. As a reminder, avoid exposure of your Tandem Pump to temperatures below 40°F (5°C) or above 99°F (37°C), as insulin can freeze at low temperatures or degrade at high temperatures. 
Important Safety Information
























Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.




















































































   Quizzes | Lists | Trending  



Sign up / Login  



Feedback  


    

  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc.  Topics |  Videos |  Discussion |  Write-ups

 
















 


  


  


 


 







 








Back to Top

© Revolvy, LLC

Mobile
Terms
Privacy
Contact








Paste Image Information Here:
×


Image:


Source:



Save changes









×





Cancel





...
×















×



Done
Cancel
By proceeding I agree to the Revolvy
terms of service and
     privacy policy.











OK
Cancel










OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel








×



OK
Cancel







×



OK
Cancel







×



Save

Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel






×



OK
Clear
Cancel













Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Tandem Diabetes Care Inc    TNDM










     TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC (TNDM)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/28 10:00:00 pm

0.5325
USD
 
-9.38%










07/27 TANDEM DIABETES : TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitiv..


07/27 TANDEM DIABETES : TNDM) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Finan..


07/27 TANDEM DIABETES : Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement



































0






07/27/2017 | 11:30pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementItem 9.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
Equity Distribution Agreement
On July 27, 2017, Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an equity distribution agreement (the “Equity Distribution Agreement”) with Piper Jaffray & Co. (the “Agent”),  to which the Company may offer and sell from time to time up to an aggregate of $15,000,000 of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Shares”), through the Agent.
The Shares have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)  to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-200686) (the “Registration Statement”), which was originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on December 2, 2014 and declared effective by the SEC on December 19, 2014, the base prospectus contained within the Registration Statement, and a prospectus supplement that was filed with the SEC on July 27, 2017.
Sales of the Shares, if any,  to the Equity Distribution Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be “at-the-market” equity offerings as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on or through the NASDAQ Global Market, the existing trading market for our common stock, sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, and/or any other method permitted by law. The Agent will act as sales agent and will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on the Companys behalf all of the Shares requested to be sold by the Company, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between the Agent and the Company.
The Company has no obligation to sell any of the Shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement, and may at any time suspend offers under the Equity Distribution Agreement or terminate the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.
The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, as well as indemnification obligations of the Company for certain liabilities under the Securities Act. 
Under the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company will pay the Agent a commission equal to 3.0% of the gross sales price of the Shares sold through it under the Equity Distribution Agreement. In addition, the Company has agreed to pay certain expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with the offering.
This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.
Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C., counsel to the Company, has issued an opinion to the Company, dated July 27, 2017, regarding the validity of the Shares. A copy of the opinion is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
The description of the material terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Equity Distribution Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits


Number


Description


1.1


Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, between Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co.


5.1


Opinion of Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C.


23.1


Consent of Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1 above).


TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC  ExhibitEX-1.1 2 tndm-ex11_33.htm EX-1.1 – EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT tndm-ex11_33.htm EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT   $15,…To view the full exhibit click hereAbout Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in designing, developing and commercializing products for people with insulin-dependent diabetes. The Company manufactures and sells three insulin pump products, which include t:slim Insulin Delivery System (t:slim), t:flex Insulin Delivery System (t:flex) and t:slim G4 Insulin Delivery System (t:slim G4). Its technology platform features Micro-Delivery Technology, a miniaturized pumping mechanism, which draws insulin from a flexible bag within the pump’s cartridge rather than relying on a syringe and plunger mechanism. It also features a software, which is a vivid color touch screen and a micro- universal serial bus (USB) connection that supports both a rechargeable battery and uploads to t:connect Diabetes Management Application (t:connect), its custom cloud-based data management application that provides display therapy management data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters.
The post Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement appeared first on Market Exclusive.© Market Exclusive 2017, source Market Exclusive




















































0






 






Latest news on TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC




07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE, INC. (NASDAQ : TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material De..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Financial..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE : Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditi..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE, INC. (NASDAQ : TNDM) Files An 8-K Results of Operations an..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financ..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE : Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Investor Network: Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. to Host ..

07/18 TANDEM DIABETES CARE, INC. (NASDAQ : TNDM) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors o..

07/18 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Change in Directors or Principal Officers (form 8-K)

07/15 TANDEM DIABETES CARE : Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Press Release and ..



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




07/27 Tandem Diabetes Care's (TNDM) CEO Kim Blickenstaff on Q2 2017 Results - Earni..

07/27 Tandem Diabetes Care beats by $0.04, misses on revenue

07/26 Notable earnings after Thursday?s close

06/12 Tandem Diabetes advances PLGS algorithm, U.S. marketing application on tap fo..

05/30 Dexcom's Implantable Blood Sugar Monitor Sales Rise


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
103 M 

            EBIT             2017            
-70,9 M 

            Net income             2017            
-75,8 M 

            Debt 2017            
11,5 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2018            


            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
0,40x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
0,50x 

            Capitalization            
            
29,3 M 



More Financials
 



Chart TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsBearishBearishBearish 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    HOLD    
Number of Analysts

    8    
Average target price

3,38 $ 
Spread / Average Target

474% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleKim D. Blickenstaff
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Dick P. Allen
Chairman
John F. Sheridan
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
John Cajigas
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Howard E. Greene
Independent Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC-72.67%32





MEDTRONIC PLC20.37%116 523

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL36.18%33 283

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS INC21.55%25 952

C R BARD INC43.07%23 260

HOYA CORPORATION22.94%20 294


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Tandem Diabetes Care - Insulin Pump Manufacturer Company














































                                    Menu
                                    



















About Tandem
















                    “In Tandem” means together, and we strive to embody that in every aspect of our business. We believe that working in tandem, not in isolation, is the best way to continually exceed expectations.

















                                Listen. Learn. Innovate.
                            

                                In the development of our first product, the t:slim® Insulin Pump, we conducted thousands of interviews with people living with diabetes and their healthcare providers, and have continued using this design approach in the development of all of our products. We believe that by listening to the needs of both patients and providers, we have a better chance of delivering products that will help improve their lives.
























                                Diabetes is all we do
                            

                                At Tandem, we are not a diabetes division, we are a diabetes company.  Our whole reason for being is to make the
lives of people with diabetes better and better, through relentless innovation and revolutionary customer experience.
























                                Partnerships with purpose
                            

                                Our strategy is to excel in our areas of expertise and to partner
with other technology leaders to create products that combine the best options
available. We believe that true progress
is made through collaboration. Our commitment to innovation through
partnerships also extends to leading researchers in the artificial pancreas
space, and Tandem technology has been used in artificial pancreas research
around the world.
























                                Designed, assembled and supported in the USA
                            

                                All
of Tandem’s research and development, manufacturing, and customer support teams
are located just steps away from each other at our San Diego, California
headquarters. We believe that design, planning, and problem solving all happen best
face-to-face.






























	Order a Tandem Insulin Pump Today and touch simplicity®


































×


















                                    Menu
                                    























Get StartedWhether you're ready for a new pump, or you're just looking to check your insurance coverage, everything you need is right here.

I want a pump
Check my Insurance
Compare Pumps



















                                How it works
                            

                                Once we receive the information and permissions requested in the forms below, we will to reach out to your healthcare provider and insurance company to help determine your benefits.  When you’re ready, our insurance verification team will help you through the process and work to get you the lowest out-of-pocket cost.  
Get Started Online

I want a pump
Check my insurance

Fax or Mail

Printable Forms

 
Have questions?  We can help.
Call us at (877) 801-6901.

                            























                                What happens next?
                            

                                A Tandem representative will contact you within two business days to confirm your information. When you are ready to order a Tandem insulin pump, we will work with your healthcare provider to complete the necessary paperwork. A Tandem representative will provide you with regular status updates. 
























                                Prefer paper? No problem.
                            

                                If you prefer not to submit your information through the online form above, getting started is still simple. Just follow the instructions below to mail or fax your information to us. Or you can always call us and we can take your information over the phone. Our Pump Specialists are here from 6am to 5pm Pacific Time, Monday through Friday. 












 








                    Mail or fax your paperwork
                




Complete and sign both the Patient Information/AOB and the Health and Product Questionnaire forms below.

Patient Information/AOB
Health and Product Questionnaire


Make a copy of the front and back of your insurance card. 


Fax or mail the above items to Tandem Diabetes Care.



Return forms by mail:
Attn: Customer Sales Support Tandem Diabetes Care

11045 Roselle Street San Diego, CA 92121


Return forms by Secure fax: 
(855) 875-4648













Questions?If you have questions or need assistance, please call us at (877) 801-6901. Our Pump Specialists are available Monday - Friday from 6:00am to 5:00pm Pacific Time

























Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Tandem Diabetes Care Inc    TNDM










     TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC (TNDM)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/28 10:00:00 pm

0.5325
USD
 
-9.38%










07/27 TANDEM DIABETES : TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitiv..


07/27 TANDEM DIABETES : TNDM) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Finan..


07/27 TANDEM DIABETES : Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement



































0






07/27/2017 | 11:30pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive AgreementItem 9.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
Equity Distribution Agreement
On July 27, 2017, Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an equity distribution agreement (the “Equity Distribution Agreement”) with Piper Jaffray & Co. (the “Agent”),  to which the Company may offer and sell from time to time up to an aggregate of $15,000,000 of shares of the Companys common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Shares”), through the Agent.
The Shares have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)  to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-200686) (the “Registration Statement”), which was originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on December 2, 2014 and declared effective by the SEC on December 19, 2014, the base prospectus contained within the Registration Statement, and a prospectus supplement that was filed with the SEC on July 27, 2017.
Sales of the Shares, if any,  to the Equity Distribution Agreement, may be made in sales deemed to be “at-the-market” equity offerings as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on or through the NASDAQ Global Market, the existing trading market for our common stock, sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, and/or any other method permitted by law. The Agent will act as sales agent and will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on the Companys behalf all of the Shares requested to be sold by the Company, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between the Agent and the Company.
The Company has no obligation to sell any of the Shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement, and may at any time suspend offers under the Equity Distribution Agreement or terminate the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company intends to use the proceeds of the offering for working capital and other general corporate purposes.
The Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, as well as indemnification obligations of the Company for certain liabilities under the Securities Act. 
Under the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company will pay the Agent a commission equal to 3.0% of the gross sales price of the Shares sold through it under the Equity Distribution Agreement. In addition, the Company has agreed to pay certain expenses incurred by the Agent in connection with the offering.
This Current Report on Form 8-K shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.
Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C., counsel to the Company, has issued an opinion to the Company, dated July 27, 2017, regarding the validity of the Shares. A copy of the opinion is filed as Exhibit 5.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
The description of the material terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Equity Distribution Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits


Number


Description


1.1


Equity Distribution Agreement, dated July 27, 2017, between Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Co.


5.1


Opinion of Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C.


23.1


Consent of Stradling Yocca Carlson & Rauth, P.C. (included in Exhibit 5.1 above).


TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC  ExhibitEX-1.1 2 tndm-ex11_33.htm EX-1.1 – EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT tndm-ex11_33.htm EQUITY DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT   $15,…To view the full exhibit click hereAbout Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in designing, developing and commercializing products for people with insulin-dependent diabetes. The Company manufactures and sells three insulin pump products, which include t:slim Insulin Delivery System (t:slim), t:flex Insulin Delivery System (t:flex) and t:slim G4 Insulin Delivery System (t:slim G4). Its technology platform features Micro-Delivery Technology, a miniaturized pumping mechanism, which draws insulin from a flexible bag within the pump’s cartridge rather than relying on a syringe and plunger mechanism. It also features a software, which is a vivid color touch screen and a micro- universal serial bus (USB) connection that supports both a rechargeable battery and uploads to t:connect Diabetes Management Application (t:connect), its custom cloud-based data management application that provides display therapy management data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters.
The post Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ:TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement appeared first on Market Exclusive.© Market Exclusive 2017, source Market Exclusive




















































0






 






Latest news on TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC




07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE, INC. (NASDAQ : TNDM) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material De..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Financial..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE : Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditi..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE, INC. (NASDAQ : TNDM) Files An 8-K Results of Operations an..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financ..

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE : Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results

07/27 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Investor Network: Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. to Host ..

07/18 TANDEM DIABETES CARE, INC. (NASDAQ : TNDM) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors o..

07/18 TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC : Change in Directors or Principal Officers (form 8-K)

07/15 TANDEM DIABETES CARE : Schedules Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Press Release and ..



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




07/27 Tandem Diabetes Care's (TNDM) CEO Kim Blickenstaff on Q2 2017 Results - Earni..

07/27 Tandem Diabetes Care beats by $0.04, misses on revenue

07/26 Notable earnings after Thursday?s close

06/12 Tandem Diabetes advances PLGS algorithm, U.S. marketing application on tap fo..

05/30 Dexcom's Implantable Blood Sugar Monitor Sales Rise


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
103 M 

            EBIT             2017            
-70,9 M 

            Net income             2017            
-75,8 M 

            Debt 2017            
11,5 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2018            


            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
0,40x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
0,50x 

            Capitalization            
            
29,3 M 



More Financials
 



Chart TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsBearishBearishBearish 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    HOLD    
Number of Analysts

    8    
Average target price

3,38 $ 
Spread / Average Target

474% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleKim D. Blickenstaff
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Dick P. Allen
Chairman
John F. Sheridan
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
John Cajigas
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP
Howard E. Greene
Independent Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

TANDEM DIABETES CARE INC-72.67%32





MEDTRONIC PLC20.37%116 523

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL36.18%33 283

ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS INC21.55%25 952

C R BARD INC43.07%23 260

HOYA CORPORATION22.94%20 294


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave










Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (TNDM) Reviewed By Analysts - The De Soto Edge



















































FTSE 100 7368.37 -1.00% NASDAQ Composite 6374.6768 -0.1177% S&P 500 2472.10 -0.13% Nikkei 225 19959.84 -0.60% HANG SENG INDEX 26979.39 -0.56% 





 











 The De Soto Edge

The De Soto Edge News Online




 








          In The News










                        Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (NYSE:FBHS) Receives An Update From Brokers                      



 






                        Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:FBC) Receives An Update From Brokers                      



 






                        In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)?                      



 






                        As Fate Therapeutics, Inc. Trades Do Analysts Recommend You Sell?                      



 






                        As Fastenal Company Trades Do Analysts Recommend You Sell?                      



 

 




Facebook
Twitter
youtube
instagram
pinterest






 












Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (TNDM) Reviewed By Analysts


 By Ashley Brown /  in  Stocks /  on  Sunday, 23 Jul 2017 08:38 AM  / 0 Comments




Stock market analysts watching Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (TNDM) have recently changed their ratings on the stock. The latest reports which are outstanding on Sunday 23rd of July state 2 analysts have a rating of “strong buy”, 0 analysts “buy”, 5 analysts “neutral”, 1 analysts “sell” and 0 analysts “strong sell”.  



Latest stock market analyst ratings:
 04/10/2017 –  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was downgraded to “” by analysts at Cowen.  They now have a USD 1.5 price target on the stock.
 03/30/2017 – Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. had its “” rating reiterated by analysts at Piper Jaffray. 
 03/24/2017 –  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was downgraded to “” by analysts at B. Riley.  They now have a USD 1.5 price target on the stock.
 11/02/2016 – Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. had its “” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank.  They now have a USD 9 price target on the stock.
 11/02/2016 –  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was downgraded to “” by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus.  They now have a USD 3.5 price target on the stock.
 11/02/2016 –  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was downgraded to “” by analysts at Robert W. Baird.  They now have a USD 4 price target on the stock.
 11/02/2016 –  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was downgraded to “” by analysts at Feltl & Co.. 
 03/24/2016 –  Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was downgraded to “” by analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
 10/21/2015 – Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. had its “” rating reiterated by analysts at William Blair. 
 05/01/2015 – Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. was upgraded to “” by analysts at Zacks.  They now have a USD 15 price target on the stock.
 11/04/2014 – Northcoast Research began new coverage on Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. giving the company a “” rating.
 10/27/2014 – Wedbush began new coverage on Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. giving the company a “” rating.
 03/07/2014 – EVA Dimensions began new coverage on Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. giving the company a “” rating.
Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. has a 50 day moving average of 0.77 and a 200 day moving average of 1.47. The stock’s market capitalization is 31.90M, it has a 52-week low of 0.56 and a 52-week high of 8.81.
The share price of the company (TNDM) was down -6.49% during the last trading session, with a high of 0.71 and the volume of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. shares traded was 628919.  



Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in designing, developing and commercializing products for people with insulin-dependent diabetes. The Company manufactures and sells three insulin pump products, which include t:slim Insulin Delivery System (t:slim), t:flex Insulin Delivery System (t:flex) and t:slim G4 Insulin Delivery System (t:slim G4). Its technology platform features Micro-Delivery Technology, a miniaturized pumping mechanism, which draws insulin from a flexible bag within the pump’s cartridge rather than relying on a syringe and plunger mechanism. It also features a software, which is a vivid color touch screen and a micro- universal serial bus (USB) connection that supports both a rechargeable battery and uploads to t:connect Diabetes Management Application (t:connect), its custom cloud-based data management application that provides display therapy management data from the pump and supported blood glucose meters.


More from Reuters »











Receive Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.










RECOMMENDED POSTS 

  



Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. (NYSE:FBHS) Receives An Update From Brokers


Analysts reviewing Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. have recently updated their recommended buy/sell... 




  



Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:FBC) Receives An Update From Brokers


Analysts reviewing Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. have recently updated their recommended buy/sell ratings and... 




  



In Volatile Markets Do Analysts Think You Should Buy Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB)?


Following U.S. election volatility some analysts have updated their recommended target prices on shares... 




  



As Fate Therapeutics, Inc. Trades Do Analysts Recommend You Sell?


As Fate Therapeutics, Inc. trades currently, 6 analysts have their eyes on the stock whilst 2 of which... 












 



 
Free Email Newsletter
Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter:







 

 






 





 
 












