

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Tangiers Capital, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:24 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Tangiers Capital, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tangiers Capital, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It invests in stocks of companies of diversified capitalization, primarily small-cap and micro-cap companies. The firm invests in convertible debt securities and warrants. Tangiers Capital, LLC is based in San Diego, California.


2251 San Diego AvenueSuite B150San Diego, CA 92110United States



Phone: 619-863-1232

Fax: 619-863-1242

www.tangierscapital.com







Key Executives for Tangiers Capital, LLC




Mr. Michael Sean Sobeck


      	Managing Member
      








Mr. Robert Allen Papiri


      	Managing Member
      


Age: 55
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tangiers Capital, LLC, please visit www.tangierscapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




































	United Cannabis Corporation Receives $5 Million Commitment from Tangiers Global





















Toll Free 888.952.4446  e-Mail [email protected]



























                        
News Room /  United Cannabis Corporation Receives $5 Million Commitment from Tangiers Global

                    










United Cannabis Corporation Receives $5 Million Commitment from Tangiers Global


Funds Will Facilitate Expansion, Advance Clinical Studies And Subsidize Working Capital
DENVER, CO / ACCESSWIRE / December 22, 2016 / United Cannabis Corporation (OTCQB: CNAB) (the "Company" or "United Cannabis") today announced that Tangiers Global, LLC ("Tangiers") has provided the Company with a Fixed Funding Commitment (the "Agreement") for up to $5 Million. 
Earnest Blackmon, United Cannabis' Chief Executive Officer, commented on the announcement, "What a great way to end the year! We've retired our outstanding notes, established a growing revenue stream from our Prana products, and entered into several strategic relationships. This commitment from Tangiers gives us the financial resources we need to advance a number of the expansion projects we are pursuing, most notably the launch of our new extraction products and services and the initiation of clinical trials on our Prana line."
Justin Ederle, Managing Partner of Tangiers Global, LLC added, "We are very active in the cannabis sector and are always looking for innovative companies with strong growth potential over the long term. United Cannabis' approach to the market made them a very attractive investment candidate - we were quite impressed with their management team, Prana line, strategic relationships in the US and Jamaica, intellectual property portfolio, and product pipeline. We are confident that our investment will provide United Cannabis the funds needed to capitalize on the many opportunities available to them and we look forward to working with them in that endeavor."
About United Cannabis Corporation
The Company's Prana Bio Medicinal products provide patients a way to mix/match cannabinoids for therapeutic purposes. These products, licensed to regulated marijuana dispensaries, are broken into 5 categories that are available in capsules, sublingual's, and topical delivery methods. The Company uses a patent-pending infusion process utilizing select fatty acids, lipids, and specific combinations of cannabis derived terpenes to increase bioavailability. 
For further information, please visit www.unitedcannabis.us.
About Tangiers Global
Tangiers Global is a specialty investment arm of Tangiers Capital, which was founded in 2006. It is a private firm that provides working and expansion funding to small and microcap public companies through a variety of investment structures, including the new Fixed Funding Commitment™; www.tangierscapital.com.
Contact: [email protected] 
Phone: 303-386-7321 
Certain statements in this news release may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of Rule 175 under the Securities Act of 1933, are subject to Rule 3b-6 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and are subject to the safe harbors, created by those rules. All statements, other than statements of fact, included in this release, including, without limitation, statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the company, are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and other results and further events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Future events and actual results could differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated by, or underlying the forward-looking statements.
SOURCE: United Cannabis Corporation













United Cannabis Corporation 
Industry:

    Healthcare & Pharmaceutical

 





Top













Tangiers Group



















































































 




































 



MAKING LIVES BETTER
 





MEDICAL CASE MANAGEMENT
EMERGENCY MEDICAL ASSISTANCE
TRAVEL ADVISORY SERVICES
SPECIALTY INSURANCE PRODUCTS

 








Tangiers is a growing organisation that connects insurance products, emergency medical assistance, maritime, travel and claims management services to individuals, companies and groups all over the world. Tangiers Group operates with the support of a network of insurance carriers alongside field personnel and service providers. The company believes in giving back. Our socially impactful non-profit projects include the Migrant Offshore Aid Station, which provides search-and-rescue assistance to refugees and migrants in distress at sea and Xchange, a foundation designed to measure, investigate and document the impact of human movement globally. Based in Malta, Tangiers has been pioneering new ways to manage medical, security and liability risks worldwide since 2006.

 








The Tangiers Group of companies provide a comprehensive, high-quality range of specialist services including:

 


INSURANCESERVICESNon-Profit





Tangiers Insurance Services
Based and registered in the UK, the company provides insurance products for a wide range of international clients who are underserved by the traditional insurance model.

 
visit Tangiers Insurance


Osprey Insurance Brokers
Osprey works closely with the London and international markets in the placing of insurance policies, claims handling and the drafting of insurance policies for various international entities. Osprey provides all-inclusive service, which includes training for clients as well as risk management.

 
visit Osprey






Tangiers International
Tangiers International is a leader in the provision of on-the-ground insurance claims support and emergency medical assistance services in emerging markets and conflict zones worldwide.

 
visit Tangiers International


ReSyH
ReSyH is a management assistance company that helps non-profit organisations improve and grow. This gives organisations the freedom to concentrate on what they are good at and leaves the paper pushing to our crackerjack team of admin nerds.

 
visit ReSyH


Tangiers Maritime
Tangiers Maritime serves the maritime industry with offshore support vessel services based in Malta. Integrated shipping services combine with premium offshore experience and support to give premier charter service for the most discerning customer.

 
visit Tangiers Maritime







MOAS
MOAS (Migrant Offshore Aid Station) is a Malta-based registered non-profit foundation dedicated to preventing loss of life by providing professional search-and-rescue assistance to refugees and migrants in distress at sea.

 
visit MOAS


Xchange
Xchange measures, investigates and documents the impact of human movement globally. With an emphasis on the Mediterranean and Southeast Asia, the NGO collects, analyses and presents data for in-depth projects and specialist investigations covering the most pressing migration issues.

 
visit Xchange


OBS Advisory
OBS Advisory (OBS) is a membership association for people visiting or working internationally in the world’s most challenging environments. OBS does this in two ways: by providing crisis assistance response membership designed for dangerous environments; and safety advice, via social networking, real-time travel alerts, updates, analysis and articles.

 
visit OBS Advisory
 

 TANGIERSHISTORY


       Genesis Christopher Catrambone, an American entrepreneur and adventurer from Lake Charles, Louisiana, establ... Read more             Iraq Tangiers International establishes a medical network of local hospitals in Iraq to provide direct as... Read more             Malta The company relocates to the island of Malta for its infrastructure, English-speaking workforce, sou... Read more             Afghanistan Tangiers International works in more than 110 countries on behalf of US insurance-industry leaders, ... Read more             Asia-Bound Tangiers International becomes a registered company in Singapore, in addition to Malta, Afghanistan,... Read more             Medical networks The company streamlines its claims process and expands its cashless medical network to 40,000+... Read more             Lloyd's of London The company begins its partnership with Lloyd's of London and experiences significant growth. It esta... Read more             MOAS established  Tangiers Group is created to consolidate all companies, including Tangiers Inter... Read more             3000 Lives Saved Tangiers establishes Tangiers Maritime, which purchases a 40-metre (136-foot) expedition vessel,... Read more             Osprey acquired The Tangiers Group acquires Malta's largest aviation insurance and risk-management specialists Read more             Over 33,000 lives saved  Total lives saved to over 33,000 with 121 search-and-rescue missions conducted Read more          

 


HEADQUARTERS
Tangiers Group, Plc
54 Melita Street
Valletta VLT 1122
Malta
Tel: +356 2247 9700
Fax: +356 2720 5500
E-mail: info@tangiersgroup.com

 

















 
 
 
 










				



























































Tangiers Global













































 
 





















Search



 





Search





Home
Features
Country Updates
Health & Insurance News
 


 
 

 








 




Tag Archives: Tangiers Global






Medical insurance for high risk regions from Tangiers Global


Tangiers Global, a subsidiary of the Tangiers Group, has been tasked with finding creative insurance solutions for expats and travellers going to high risk regions. With the support of Lloyd’s… Read more »







 



Free monthly newsletter
Expat Health provides health industry professionals and expat employers with an in-depth look into the developments of world health. Keep up with the latest developments with our monthly newsletter by signing up below.











 

CategoriesFeatures
Country Updates
Health & Insurance News







 





 





 

Expat Health Alerts

 Global Health Map
of infectious diseases and health alerts.


 
 

















We use cookies to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies. Find out more.



Tangiers Capital





































 














 






 





















  








 










				Industry Leading Investor in
Small Public Companies			




CREATORS OF THE FIXED FUNDING COMMITMENT*
*Funding commitment of up to $10,000,000 with variable pricing options at the issuer’s discretion




Learn More





























 
 Copyright Tangiers Capital. All Rights Reserved © 2016














Contact Us
We're not around right now. But you can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.





Not readable? Change text.
 


Send







  





Grow Condos, Inc. Announces up to $5 Million Investment AgreementHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballGrow Condos, Inc. Announces up to $5 Million Investment AgreementMarketwiredApril 19, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareEAGLE POINT, OR--(Marketwired - Apr 19, 2016) - Grow Condos, Inc., a fully reporting publicly traded company under the trading symbol (  OTC PINK :  GRWC ), is a real estate purchaser, developer & manager of specific use industrial properties providing "condo" style turn-key grow facilities to support the cannabis industry. Grow Condos Inc. is pleased to announce that it has signed an investment agreement with Tangiers Global LLC for up to $5 million dollar fixed funding commitment through an equity enhancement instrument. The closing is subject to an effective registration statement.The funds are anticipated to be used for the following:1) Expansion of new additional industrial condo project developments. The company is actively searching for its third development. This property will likely be outside the state of Oregon and start our goal of becoming a national real estate developer and holder to the cannabis industry.2) Working and equity capital for existing properties in development3) Development and merchandising of education and intellectual property products for the growing community4) Marketing and advertising5) Broadening the management team"We are extremely excited to have Tangiers as a financial partner for Grow Condos. They took the time to understand the company and the enormous potential opportunity in our industry," said Wayne Zallen, CEO Grow Condos, Inc."Grow Condos has identified a unique business model in an explosive industry and we are delighted to be a part of it," said a senior representative of Tangiers.About Tangiers Global LLC Originally founded in 2006, the Tangiers family of funds provides working and expansion capital to small and microcap public companies through a variety of investment structures, including the new multi-million dollar Fixed Funding Commitment™. Tangiers prides itself on building long term relationships with client companies to ensure that they have the resources necessary to propel their growth year after year.About Grow Condos, Inc. Grow Condos is a fully reporting publicly traded company listed under the symbol GRWC: Pink Sheets. It is a real estate purchaser, developer & manager of specific use industrial properties providing "condo" style turn-key grow facilities to support the cannabis industry. We own, lease, sell and manage multi-tenant properties.Like during the Gold Rush days in California, Grow Condos is focused on a pick-and-shovel approach to participating in the exploding marijuana industry. We finance the purchase and/or development of properties by offering to investors private placement sponsorships, debt instruments, or limited partnerships. We believe there is a significant investor demand for such opportunities. Currently we own and manage a 15,000 square foot warehouse in Eagle Point, Oregon, and are currently looking into other acquisitions in Oregon, Colorado, Washington, California and Nevada with like-minded investors who want to share in the growth of this dynamic new industry.Safe Harbor: This release contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements appear in a number of places in this release and include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Grow Condos Inc, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) financing plans; (ii) trends affecting its financial condition or results of operations; (iii) growth strategy and operating strategy. The words "may," "would," "will," "expect," "estimate," "can," "believe," "potential" and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Grow Condos Inc. ability to control, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. More information about the potential factors that could affect the business and financial results is and will be included in Grow Condos, Inc. filings with the OTC Markets, Securities and Exchange Commission and/or the company's website.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextMattress Startup Purple Agrees to $1.1B Merger With Publicly-Traded Investment Shell CompanyForbesThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredDropbox Likely to Hire Goldman Sachs for Possible IPOBloombergTwitter sees monthly user growth stallBBC NewsThe High Times was founded in 1974, so yes, that means you've missed their 420th issue.The StreetEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump names John F. Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressMS-13: a ruthless Latino gang that preys on its ownGail: Sounds like a terrorist group to me.  Treat them as such.Join the Conversation1 / 5238








