
Cummins and Tangent Energy Partner to Launch eDGegen™ Series Power Platform 






























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Cummins and Tangent Energy Partner to Launch eDGegen™ Series Power Platform



Share Article

















Cummins Inc. (NYSE: CMI) and Tangent Energy Solutions are partnering to bundle clean diesel and natural gas generators with a Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS), aimed at helping commercial and industrial customers manage energy consumption on the grid while reducing their costs.







"Providing a world-class engine that is supported by Cummins and coupled with Tangent DERM technology and market expertise creates a powerful economic opportunity for commercial and industrial customers," said Dean Musser, president and CEO of Tangent.


COLUMBUS, Ind. and KENNETT SQUARE, Pa. (PRWEB)
February 27, 2015
 Cummins Inc. (NYSE: CMI) and Tangent Energy Solutions are partnering to bundle clean diesel and natural gas generators with a Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS), aimed at helping commercial and industrial customers manage energy consumption on the grid while reducing their costs.
The partnership of Cummins, a global power leader that manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and related technologies, and Tangent, a leading provider of Distributed Energy Resources (DER), will make it easier for customers to dispatch generators during times of peak demand when costs on the energy grid are higher. 
eDGegen™ — powered by Cummins® consists of a Cummins clean diesel or natural gas engine equipped with a suite of integrated technology and managed services provided by Tangent. The DERMS technology platform, Tangent AMP™, predicts and alerts customers ahead of peak demand periods and other economic opportunities on the energy grid. The managed service, Demand Design PLUS™, activates generator power and/or demand management strategies when energy grid capacity and prices are at their peak.
“As the energy grid becomes more decentralized, our customers are being presented with more and more ways to improve their overall energy economics,” said Satish Jayaram, director, Cummins Energy Ventures. “We wanted to enable our customers to take advantage of these opportunities and Tangent’s proven technology, C&I customer experience and energy market expertise made them the ideal partner to provide turnkey solutions.”
Market factors, including power plant retirements and lower natural gas prices, are predicted to increase the industry’s reliance on customer-side energy resources to provide power and balance volatility on the energy grid. This shift toward the “grid edge” creates more economic opportunities for customers who are equipped to recognize and respond to market signals. At the same time, these opportunities cannot interfere with the normal operation of customers’ energy systems.
“Cummins is a visionary company that understands the future is not just an engine sale, but an energy solution sale,” said Dean Musser, president and CEO of Tangent. “Providing a world-class engine that is supported by Cummins and coupled with Tangent DERM technology and market expertise creates a powerful economic opportunity for commercial and industrial customers.”
The eDGegen™ — powered by Cummins® product line consists of four generator-DERMS integrated power platforms ranging from 750 kW to 2.0 MW. These systems are designed to reduce customer capacity charges and other costs that arise during periods of peak energy demand or when premium charges apply. eDGegen™ — powered by Cummins® will be rolled out to customers primarily through Tangent’s growing network of energy retailer and municipal utility partners who have an interest in reducing demand peaks and better integrating with customer assets.  
About Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.
Tangent Energy Solutions is a Distributed Energy Resources (DER) company. Our Distributed Energy Resource Management (DERM) systems actively manage behind-the-meter supply and demand in order to maximize economic opportunities for C&I energy customers, while minimizing disruption to normal operations. By uniquely building out a DER solution from the customer side of the meter, and monetizing it through exclusive relationships with leading Load Serving Entities (LSEs), Tangent motivates and empowers customers to become price makers on the energy grid while offering the industry plug-and-play access to customers that competitors cannot match.
About Cummins, Inc.
Cummins Inc., a global power leader, is a corporation of complementary business units that design, manufacture, distribute and service diesel and natural gas engines and related technologies, including fuel systems, controls, air handling, filtration, emission solutions and electrical power generation systems. Headquartered in Columbus, Indiana, (USA) Cummins currently employs approximately 54,600 people worldwide and serves customers in approximately 190 countries and territories through a network of approximately 600 company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately 7,200 dealer locations. Cummins earned $1.65 billion on sales of $19.2 billion in 2014. Press releases can be found on the Web at http://www.cummins.com. Follow Cummins on Twitter at @Cummins and on YouTube at CumminsInc.
###



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Matt Logan
Cummins Inc.(651) 787-6068
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center




Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:23 PM ET
Construction and Engineering

Company Overview of Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. designs, constructs, and finances renewable energy projects. The company also operates and maintains energy projects; and provides energy strategy, evaluation, procurement, operations, and support services for commercial, industrial, and institutional customers; and utility and energy suppliers. In addition, it manages utility-sized infrastructure and customer loads. Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. has a joint venture, Tangent Generation Resources, LLC, with Cummins, Inc. to market edgeGEN, a line of natural gas generators equipped with a distributed energy resource management system. The company was founded in 2009 and is based in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.


206 Gale LaneSuite CKennett Square, PA 19348United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 610-444-2800

Fax: 610-444-2822

www.tangentenergy.com







Key Executives for Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.




Mr. Dean W. Musser P.E.


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Mark Schaefer


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. David Turner


      	Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Steve D’Angelo


      	Vice President of Technology
      








Mr. Andy Meserve


      	Vice President of Sales and Development
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. Key Developments

Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc Forms Joint Venture with Cummins Inc
Oct 26 16
Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. has formed a joint venture (JV) with Cummins, Inc. The JV, Tangent Generation Resources, LLC, markets edgeGEN(TM), a line of natural gas generators equipped with a Distributed Energy Resource Management System, Tangent AMP(TM).


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "D" Construction, Inc. United States 1 Source Wireless, LLC United States 1 Stop Electric, LLC United States 1st Choice Drywall, Inc United States 1st Choice Facilities Services Corp. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 22, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., please visit www.tangentenergy.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























 










Eaton Corporation Collaborates with Tangent Energy Solutions to Build Largest Solar PV Installation in Western Pennsylvania
















You entered 'Search'. Please enter another search term.










Sign In


Customer Support



USA | Worldwide Sites










All of Eaton
Aerospace
Automotive
Electrical
Filtration
Hydraulics
Truck
Vehicle
Videos


Search




 













   
	Home

>
Our Company
>
News
>
News Releases
>
Eaton Corporation Collaborates with Tangent Energy Solutions to Build Largest Solar PV Installation in Western Pennsylvania



Products & Solutions
  



Aerospace

 
        
Aerospace Home


 
        
 


 
        
 




Fuel




Ground Fueling




Hoses, Couplings, Ducting and Seals




Hydraulics




Motion Control




AOG Support




Global Trading Services




Electrical

 
        
Electrical Home


 
        
 


 
        
 




Automation and Control




Circuit Protection - Breakers




Circuit Protection - Fuses




Electrical Distribution




Electronics Components




Harsh and Hazardous Solutions




Life Safety and Mass Notification




Lighting Solutions and Controls




Metering, Monitoring and Protection




Military, Aerospace and Subsea Connectors




Rack Infrastructure




Residential




Services




Structural Support and Safety Grating




Technical and Office Furniture




Transformers, Regulators and Grid Automation




Transportation Solutions




UPS Backup Power and Monitoring




Wiring Devices




Filtration

 
        
Filtration Home


 
        
 


 
        
 




Bag Filtration




Cartridge Filtration




Automatic Self Cleaning




Manual Pipeline Strainers




Gas Liquid Separators




Portable Filtration




Hydraulic and Lubrication Oil Filters




Depth Filtration




Beverage Treatment Products




Filter Aids




Lab and Pilot Plant Services




Hydraulics

 
            
Hydraulics Home


 
            
 


 
            
 




Accumulators




Industrial Clutches and Brakes




Connectors




Cylinders




Electronic Controls and Software




Filters




Fittings




Hybrid Power




Hose and Hose Fittings




Inching Drives




Motors




Power Units and Systems




Pumps




Steering




Transmissions




Valves




Variable Speed Drive Pump Solutions




Plating Technology




Industrial Clutches and Brakes

 
            
Industrial Clutches and Brakes Home


 
            
 


 
            
 




Air Cooled Disc Clutches and Brakes




Caliper Disc Brakes




Combination Clutch/Brake Packages




Constricting Clutches and Brakes




Expanding Clutches and Brakes




Torque Limiting Couplings




Quick Release Valves




Rotorseals




Spring Applied Drum Brakes




Water-Cooled Brakes




Plastic Extrusion

 
            
Plastic Extrusion Home


 
            
 


 
            
 




Custom Profile Extrusion




ZipMate Zippers




Products by Market




Customer Support




Vehicle

 
            
Vehicle Home


 
            
 


 
            
 




Transmissions




Clutches




Superchargers




Differentials and Traction Control




Advanced Machining




Aftermarket




Engine Valves, Lifters and Valve Actuation




Fluid Conveyance




Forging




Fuel Emissions Control




Gears




Hybrid Power Systems




Integrated Powertrains




Lubricants




Plastics




Powertrain Controls




Service Tools




Market Applications









Careers



Featured Markets
 Aviation Data Centers Food & Beverage Healthcare Oil and gas  Mining, Metals and Minerals Machine Building Rail Utility Vehicles Government & Military  


Our Company
 About Us Careers Corporate Governance Case Studies Doing Business Ethics & Compliance Inclusion & Diversity Investor Relations News Sustainability Videos White Papers  



News




Our Company
News
News Releases










Eaton Corporation Collaborates with Tangent Energy Solutions to Build Largest Solar PV Installation in Western Pennsylvania


Date: September 5, 2012


Arrays at Two Facilities Will Generate Approximately 1.5 MW of Solar EnergyPITTSBURGH … Eaton Corporation and Tangent Energy Solutions today announced a collaboration to develop solar energy generation installations at Eaton’s facilities in Coraopolis and Vanport Township, Pa. The project will include a 1.3-megawatt (MW) ground mount solar array at Eaton’s Beaver facility and a 200-kilowatt (kW) rooftop array in Coraopolis.  The array constructed at Eaton’s Vanport Township facility on Georgetown Lane will be the largest solar installation in western Pennsylvania to date.Solar power will contribute about 25 percent of the electricity used by the Vanport facility. Both arrays will provide Eaton with 1.76 million kilowatt-hours (kWh) of clean electricity per year and will displace 2.7 million pounds of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases per year, which is the equivalent of removing 238 cars from the road.In addition to the considerable environmental benefits, the project is projected to save Eaton energy costs over the term of twenty years. Tangent, headquartered in Kennett Square, Pa., will monitor and maintain the solar assets for Eaton over the lifetime of the project. The project will also support jobs in western Pennsylvania through the use of local and regional construction companies.  “We chose Tangent for this project because they understand the more complex energy systems of large, industrial companies,” said John Vernacchia, manager, Renewable Energy Segment, Eaton.  “Their comprehensive solution will improve our costs now and in the future, while reinforcing our commitment to the environment.”On-site solar generation assets will be provided by Tangent at no capital cost to Eaton who will purchase the energy produced at a set rate through a long-term Power Purchase Agreement (PPA). Eaton will supply Power Xpert solar inverters, electrical disconnects, combiner boxes and other equipment for the project. Eaton will also staff the engineering services and construction management teams. The system’s solar panels were provided by Motech Industries in Newark, Del. “This agreement is another example of Eaton’s leadership in sustainable, green energy solutions and we’re thrilled to be collaborating on these projects,” said Dean Musser, president and chief executive officer, Tangent Energy Solutions. “The natural fit of Eaton’s equipment, engineering and construction capabilities, with our development, technology and energy experience was the success formula for these projects.”Site clearing in advance of construction began last week with an expected completion date of November 30, 2012.Project financing was provided by Laurel Capital of Radnor, Pa. and First Niagara Bank of Buffalo, N.Y. The project is also being financed in part by a grant from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Commonwealth Financing Authority.About Eaton CorporationEaton’s electrical business is a global leader in power distribution, power quality, control and automation, power monitoring, and energy management products and services. Eaton is positioned, through its global electrical product series and services to answer today’s most critical electrical power management challenges.Eaton Corporation is a diversified power management company with more than 100 years of experience providing energy-efficient solutions that help our customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical power. With 2011 sales of $16.0 billion, Eaton is a global technology leader in electrical components, systems and services for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use; and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Eaton has approximately 73,000 employees and sells products to customers in more than 150 countries. For more information, visit www.eaton.com.About Tangent Energy SolutionsTangent Energy Solutions (www.tangentenergy.com) reverses the traditional utility driven approach to developing the smart grid by partnering with commercial and industrial customers to optimize the “grid behind the meter.” By providing clean energy assets and technologies at no capital cost, Tangent saves C&I energy customers 20%+ while increasing the amount of renewable content in their supply. Tangent actively manages on-site assets to decrease a customer’s reliance on grid sourced energy, especially during peak demand periods.  As a result, both the end-customer and the utilities benefit.   Tangent is a venture-backed company founded in 2009 by a management team that has been providing commercially successful energy innovations to mainstream C&I customers for 30 years.


Contact

					Eaton Contact - Mark Horner, (412) 893-3590Tangent Contact	- Lou Carmellini (610) 389-4754 






 







Products & Solutions
Aerospace
Electrical
Filtration
Hydraulics
Industrial Clutches and Brakes 
Plastic Extrusion
Vehicle




Careers 
Featured Markets
Aviation
Data Centers
Healthcare
Mining, Metals and Minerals 




Customer Support
 
Machine Building
Oil and gas
Rail
Utility
Vehicles 




Our Company
About Us
Doing Business
Global Ethics & Compliance
Inclusion & Diversity
Investor Relations
News & Events
Success Stories 
Sustainability
Videos
White Papers




Subscribe To:
Electrical Communications
Vehicle Communications
Follow:

 
Eaton on Facebook

 
Eaton on Twitter

 
Eaton on LinkedIn

 
Eaton on YouTube

 
Eaton Newsfeeds




Site Map 
     
Privacy, Cookies & Data Protection Policy 
EU-US Privacy Shield
Terms & Conditions 
     
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 
     
Conflict Minerals Policy and Info 

©  Eaton.
        All Rights Reserved.
















Reset










 







Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in











Heavy Industry»Energy & Resources»Energy»Energy Company Reports 



Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Length
Publisher
Published Date
SKU


from $125
22 Pages


GlobalData




February, 2016
                                

GBDT5932009





Lowest Prices Guaranteed


Price
from $125


Length
22 Pages


Publisher

GlobalData



Published Date

February, 2016

                            


SKU
GBDT5932009



Table of Contents




Close Window
Table of Contents




Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


Printer format



GlobalData

Section 1 - About the Company  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Facts  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Employees  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Major Products and Services  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - History  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Locations And Subsidiaries  Head Office  Section 2 – Company Analysis  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Business Description  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - SWOT Analysis  SWOT Analysis - Overview  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strengths  Strength - Innovative Solutions  Strength - Strong Business Model  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Weaknesses  Weakness - Concentrated Geographic Operations  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Opportunities  Opportunity - Escalating Demand for Electricity: US  Opportunity - Contracts and Agreements  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Threats  Threat - Competition from Other Energy Sources  Threat - Lack of Awareness on Smart Grid and Smart Meter  Threat - Stringent Government Regulations  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Competitors  Section 3 – Company’s Power Financial Deals and Alliances  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Recent Deals Summary  Section 4 – Company’s Recent Developments  Sep 09, 2015: Public power entity works with DER firm to offer conservation service to member cities  Jan 14, 2015: Energy New England and Tangent Energy Partner to Address Peak Demand Cost Risk  Section 5 – Appendix  Methodology  About GlobalData  Contact Us  Disclaimer  List of TablesTangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Facts  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Employees  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Employee Biographies  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Major Products and Services  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., History  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Competitors  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Recent Deals Summary  List of FiguresTangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016  




Description




Close Window
Description




Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


Printer format



GlobalData


Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review  - provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, business structure and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on the company’s key employees, key competitors and major products and services.This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.ScopeBusiness description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy – GlobalData’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.SWOT analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries – A list of key locations and subsidiaries of the company, including contact details.HighlightsTangent Energy Solutions, Inc. (Tangent) is a distributed energy resources (DER) company that offers technology, assets and managed services for identifying and capitalizing on economic opportunities on the electric grid, without disturbing normal operations of clients.  It offers products that help customers in predicting and managing peak demand periods actively. The company’s product portfolio includes Tangent AMP, Demand Design, Demand Design Plus and edgeGEN technologies. Through these technologies the company monitors the generation assets in the grid, facility or present on-site, and alerts customers regarding high-value economic opportunities.Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. Key Recent DevelopmentsSep 09,2015 Public power entity works with DER firm to offer conservation service to member citiesJan 14,2015 Energy New England and Tangent Energy Partner to Address Peak Demand Cost RiskReasons to BuyGain key insights into the company for academic or business research purposes. Key elements such as SWOT analysis and corporate strategy are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Identify potential customers and suppliers with this report’s analysis of the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services and business strategy.Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies with GlobalData’s detailed SWOT analysis. In this, the company’s core strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are analyzed, providing you with an up to date objective view of the company.Examine potential investment and acquisition targets with this report’s detailed insight into the company’s strategic, business and operational performance.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
                                    




Search inside this report




Close Window
Search inside this report
















Online Download
$125


Purchase






Site License
$250


Purchase






Global Site License
$375


Purchase










 



Research assistance



US: 800.298.5699
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093
















      Download our eBook: How to Succeed Using Market Research
    

      Learn how to effectively navigate the market research process to help guide your organization on the journey to success.
    

        Download eBook
    



Share this report









Other tasks

Printer format
Order by fax
Currency converter






































Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.                                                                                           - Kennett Square                                    , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Kennett Square



Electrical Work



Energy Management Controls



                            Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.
                                    



 





















T 


Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



206 GALE LN STE C KENNETT SQUARE, PA 19348
Get Directions



(610) 444-2800
www.tangentenergy.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,918,188.00
 Employee Count 14
 Industries Energy Management Controls
 Contacts Dean Musser                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009 the company has been providing Energy Management Controls. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Municipal Utilities | Tangent Energy Solutions
































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets
Municipal Utilities
Municipal Utilities are unique because you are also members of the communities you serve.  As a result, there is an even higher mandate to manage costs and provide value added services while maintaining your role as the primary customer point of contact. Tangent AMP™ and Demand Design™ deliver these benefits by providing Municipal Utilities and their C&I customers with the assets, technology and managed services needed to predict and monetize economic opportunities on the energy grid without disrupting normal operations.  Most importantly, Tangent Energy® works through Municipal Utilities to strengthen the relationship between the municipal utility and its customers.

 Also for Municipal Utilities

edgeGEN™ is a Distributed Energy Resource (DER) platform that enables energy retailers, municipal utilities and large C&I Customers to achieve faster ROIs on Cummins generators by adding Tangent AMP™, a Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS) that predicts and dispatches generation in response to high prices and other economic opportunities on the energy grid. Contact us for more information on peak demand management and energy market opportunities for municipal energy customers.
EET&D Article May/June 2015 – Municipal Utility Takes Action to Offset Steep Price Increases in New England
NEPPA Article June 2015 – Braintree Electric Light Department and Pascoag Act to Reduce Peak Demand Cost Risk

Recently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]












Demand Design™ | Tangent Energy Solutions
































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets
Demand Design™

Demand Design™ is a demand-driven deployment of Tangent AMP™  DERMS technology that uses demand response techniques, but not demand response markets to actively manage customer energy usage during high value opportunities on the energy grid.
Demand Design™ is not Demand Response
Traditional Demand Response programs were developed for the benefit of utilities and power pools. They may require customer curtailment commitments of 60 hours or more per year, potentially lasting up to six hours per occurrence.  Demand Response providers offer little or no support for implementing these reductions and impose penalties for non-compliance.
Demand Design™ was developed for the benefit of C&I energy customers and uses Tangent AMP™ DERMS technology to target high-value economic opportunities, such as the few hours each year used to determine capacity charges.  For example, in PJM five or fewer hours each year can translate into capacity charges that account for 20% or more of your energy bill.  In ISO New England only one hour is used to asses these charges. When the time comes to act, Tangent AMP™ actively manages the entire process at whatever level of automation customers want.  If something comes up and adjustments cannot be made, there are never any penalties beyond the cost of a missed opportunity.
In most cases, Demand Design™ is administered through the growing Tangent Energy™ network of energy retailers and municipal utilities with whom customers already have existing relationships.  Customers benefit because savings are monetized on the same energy bill they have always received. Because Demand Design™ makes customer energy usage more predictable during peak demand periods, energy providers benefit from lower service costs and higher system-wide reliability.

Demand Design™ Features and Benefits


Better economics / less disruptive than Demand Response
Customer-driven, non-disruptive  energy adjustments
Works with existing energy systems and resources
Shared savings model — savings reflected in your utility bill
No penalties for missed hours




 
Easy to get started

Demand Design™ start-up is quick and easy.  We just need you to provide some basic billing information and our technology does the rest.
Recently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]












About Us | Tangent Energy Solutions
































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets
About Us
Tangent Energy® is a Distributed Energy Resources (DER) company that provides C&I customers with the technology, assets and managed services needed to identify and capitalize on economic opportunities on the energy grid without disrupting normal operations. Tangent Energy® Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS), named Tangent AMP™, monitors grid, facility and on-site generation assets, and alerts customers ahead of high-value economic opportunities.  Demand Design™ and Demand Design PLUS™ build on Tangent AMP™ to actively manage customer demand and integrate generation assets in response to these opportunities.
By uniquely building out a DER solution from the customer side of the meter, and monetizing it through exclusive relationships with energy retailers, municipal utilities and other Load Serving Entities (LSEs), Tangent Energy® motivates and empowers customers to become price makers on the energy grid while making it easier for the energy industry to access and integrate distributed energy resources.
Recently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]












Industrial | Tangent Energy Solutions
































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets
Industrial
Large electrical loads and complex energy systems make industrial facilities especially prone to costs associated with peak demand periods on the energy grid. Tangent Energy® provides the technologies, resources and expertise that industrial customers need to reduce these costs and capitalize on other economic opportunities embedded in their energy systems.
Contact us for more information on peak demand management and energy market opportunities for industrial customers.
Recently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]












Board of Directors | Tangent Energy Solutions
































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets
Board of Directors
 
Peter W. Brown 
Peter W. Brown practices Of Counsel to Preti Flaherty’s Energy Law Practice Group from the firm’s Concord, NH and Boston, MA offices. His practice has a nationwide range and its scope involves wholesale power market design, energy project development, appearances before state and federal regulatory commissions, legislative initiatives, appellate litigation and energy transactional and contractual work. He has been recognized as a leading energy attorney nationally by Best Lawyers in America.
Peter founded and led New Hampshire’s premier energy law firm for two decades prior to joining Preti Flaherty. Brown’s legal career also includes serving as Director of the Energy Law Institute, Chief Counsel to the Pennsylvania Public Utilities Commission, First Deputy Attorney General at the Pennsylvania Office of Attorney General.
He has also served as a Professor of Law at the Franklin Pierce Law Center and as an Associate Professor of Law at Villanova Law School.
He graduated from the Columbia University School of Law J.D. and Bowdoin College A.B., cum laude.
 
 
Nora Mead Brownell 
Nora most recently served as Founding Partner of ESPY Energy Solutions, LLC, a woman-owned independent energy consulting company that provides strategic planning, marketing, business, regulatory and technical expertise to energy utilities, energy equipment manufacturing and supply companies and financial institutions evaluating investments in the energy sector.
Prior to founding ESPY, she was the sole proprietor of BC Consulting, an energy consulting company.  She has also served as a commissioner of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, where she was an advocate for the development of regional transmission organizations, markets for wholesale power and national energy infrastructure development.
She also previously served as President of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners and as commissioner of the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.
Nora is a visiting scholar at Vermont Law School and a guest lecturer at the University of Idaho.  She is a member of the board of directors of Oncor, Inc., Comverge, Inc., and Spectra Energy Partners.  She is also an emeritus member of the GridWise Architecture Council and serves on the advisory board of Starwood Energy Fund.
She attended Syracuse University.
 
Richard Grigg
Richard most recently served as President of FirstEnergy Utilties, where he led several business units including Energy Delivery, Customer Service and FERC Compliance.  He initially joined FirstEnergy as Executive Vice President and COO.
Previous to FirstEnergy, Richard was President and CEO of WE Generation, an arm of Wisconsin Energy Corporation (WEC).  He was with WEC for nearly 34 years, progressing from his initial position as a manager to various executive positions.  In addition to heading WE Generation, he also served as President and COO of Wisconsin Electric Power Company and Wisconsin Gas Company (WE Energies).
Richard is a member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers; and a former member of the board of directors of the Electric Power Research Institute, Ohio Valley Electric Corporation, and Association of Edison Illuminating Companies.
He received a BS and Masters degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin.
 
Donald Kendall
The Founding Managing Director and CEO of Kenmont, an investment management firm specializing in alternative investments and private equity, Donald has extensive background in the power and energy industries.
Prior to Kenmont, Donald was President of Cogen Technologies Capital Company, LP.  He was also Founding Chairman and CEO of Palmetto Partners, Ltd., a family office and investment management company.
Donald has served as a trustee of Hamilton College (Investment Committee) and as a member of the Houston Committee on Foreign Relations.  He also serves as a board member of Houston Zoo, Inc., The Jane Goodall Institute, Earthwatch Institute and The Amos Tuck School of Business (Board of Overseers).
He received an AB from Hamilton College and MBA from The Amos Tuck School of Business.
 
Scott Ungerer
Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director – EnerTech Capital: Scott has been a visionary and recognized leader in venture capital investing for the traditional and advanced energy sectors for nearly 20 years. He is also one of the few with an extensive and proven investment and management operations history. Currently, Scott specifically looks for opportunities that reduce the cost and/or improve the customer experience related to all aspects of energy supply, delivery and usage. His specific areas of experience, interest and expertise include companies that sell into the following industry sectors: central and distributed power generation; electric transmission; electric, natural gas and/or water distribution; energy management for the customer premise; broadly defined smart grid; and transportation.
Scott has worked with more than 15 early-to-mid stage companies providing both strategic and operational guidance and advice as a board member and investor. He currently sits on the boards of The NanoSteel Company (Chairman), Tangent Energy Solutions and N-Dimension Solutions; and is a board advisor to Enbala Power Networks. Scott managed investments in and formerly sat on the boards of Clean Air Power (L:CAP); CURRENT Group; Catalytic Solutions (L:CTSU)- sold; Enerwise ““ purchased by Comverge, Intellon (NASDAQ: ITLN)- purchased by Atheros/Qualcom, Comverge (NASDAQ: COMV)- purchased by private equity investor, and CoaLogix (NASDAQ: ACORN) ““ purchased by private equity investor.
Scott shares his expertise and viewpoints with the core energy/power industry through participation in a select few organizations: board member of the NIST created Smart Grid Interoperability Panel (SGIP), and Chairman of the Executive Committee; member (and former Chairman) of the VC Advisory Board for the National Renewable Energy Lab. He is also a former member of the Battelle Energy Advisory Council and of the Cleantech Venture Network Advisory Board.
Prior to EnerTech, Scott spent 16 years in the power industry as an operating executive with Atlantic Energy culminating in his role as one of five senior officers, and as President & COO of the entire set of the company’s non-regulated enterprises.
Scott has been married for 21 years; his wife Lisa formerly worked for the PJM ISO and currently spends her time working as a “life coach”�� with a wide variety of adults including terminal patients. They have a single daughter, Jessica 18 years old, who is an accomplished student and equestrian.
Scott received a BS in Mechanical Engineering from Princeton University; he has also attended several graduate level Business, Strategy and Management courses at Wharton.
 
Jay C. Weber Jr.
Founding Partner, Laurel Capital Partners
Jay founded Laurel Capital to focus on businesses with revenues of between $5 and $50 million and EBITDA of up to $5 million. Within these parameters, Laurel targets companies with platform potential – unique assets and capabilities that, when combined with capital as well as outside expertise, make accelerated growth possible.
Prior to co-founding Laurel Capital in 2007, Jay was a Partner at MVP Capital Partners. Jay came to MVP from Mirant Corporation, an independent energy company based in Atlanta. While at Mirant, Weber distinguished himself as an analyst in the companys internal venture capital group where he focused on new business opportunities and prospective acquisitions.
Jay holds an MBA from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University, and a Bachelors degree from Wake Forest University. He resides in Wayne, PA.
 
Dean Musser
President & CEO of Tangent
President and CEO of Tangent, Dean is an energy industry entrepreneur, business strategist and commercial and industrial energy expert with three decades of experience in delivering rapid returns on investment. A strong leader and communicator, he consistently establishes a vision and immediately executes a plan to meet the established objectives.
Prior to starting Tangent, Dean was COO of Comverge C&I Group, a demand response, advanced metering and grid management solutions company. He was also Founder, President and CEO of Enerwise Global Technologies, where he transformed the company into the largest demand response provider in PJM. Comverge then bought Enerwise to establish one of the countrys largest demand response companies.
Dean also previously served as Vice President of Operations & Engineering for Conectiv Solutions, where he led the spin out of Conectiv to create Enerwise. He started his 30 year relationship with C&I energy customers at Multi-Test Maintenance, a premier engineering service company in the Mid-Atlantic, which he bought and then sold to Delmarva Power to create the foundation for Conectiv Solutions.
He received a BS in Electrical Power Engineering from Drexel University, and an AS in Electrical Engineering Technology from Pennsylvania State University. He is a licensed Professional Engineer in several states.
Recently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.









Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review























































  info@wiseguyreports.com  |   
 Chat with us   |    +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)  |     +44 208 133 9349 (UK) 



 Login    Register 






















Home


Report Categories







Premium Reports

Access to 600000+ Premium Reports











  
                                Aerospace & Defense
                              









  
                                Agri & Food
                              









  
                                Automotive
                              









  
                                Basic Materials
                              











  
                                Consumer Goods & Retail
                              









  
                                Energy
                              









  
                                Life Sciences
                              









  
                                Manufacturing & Construction
                              











  
                                Services
                              









  
                                Telecom & IT
                              









  
                                Education
                              









  
                                Security & Intelligence Systems
                              











  
                                Technology
                              









  
                                Company Reports
                              










Report Categories 










Aerospace & Defense
                





Agri & Food
                





Automotive
                





Basic Materials
                







Consumer Goods & Retail
                





Energy
                





Life Sciences
                





Manufacturing & Construction
                







Services
                





Telecom & IT
                





Education
                





Security & Intelligence Systems
                







Technology
                





Company Reports
                








Publisher
Knowledgestore

Countries 
              


Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




Countries 

Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



News & Blog

 Press Release
Blog



News & Blogs

 Press Release
Blogs


FAQs

About Us

About Our Company
Our Team
Life At WGR


Careers
Contact Us











                                         There are no items currently in your basket.
                                     













There are no items currently in your basket!














  




































Search 
                






 














Home
All Reports
Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis ...









 


  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


WGR46875
17 
                  March, 2015 
Global
22 pages 
GlobalData






















Description




Table of Content




Sample Report




Enquiry before buy




Related Reports





Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, business structure and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on the company’s key employees, key competitors and major products and services.This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.Scope- Business description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.- Corporate strategy – GlobalData’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.- SWOT analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.- Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.- Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.- Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.- Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.- Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.- Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.- Important locations and subsidiaries – A list of key locations and subsidiaries of the company, including contact details.HighlightsTangent Energy Solutions, Inc. (Tangent) is a distributed energy resources (DER) company. It provides commercial and industrial (C&I) customers with the technology, assets and managed services needed to realize the economic benefit of the role their energy systems play in energy markets. The company’s products include tangent AMP, demand design and demand design plus. It actively manages behind-the-meter supply and demand while minimizing disruption to normal operations. It also operates and maintains energy projects; provides energy strategy, evaluation, procurement, operations and support services. The company caters to industrial, institutional, municipalities and utilities sectors.Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. Key Recent DevelopmentsJan 14, 2015  Energy New England and Tangent Energy Partner to Address Peak Demand Cost RiskSep 25, 2014  Phoenix Solar to build power plant for Duke EnergyReasons to Buy- Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research purposes. Key elements such as SWOT analysis and corporate strategy are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.- Identify potential customers and suppliers with this report’s analysis of the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services and business strategy.- Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies with GlobalData’s detailed SWOT analysis. In this, the company’s core strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are analyzed, providing you with an up to date objective view of the company.- Examine potential investment and acquisition targets with this report’s detailed insight into the company’s strategic, business and operational performance.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.


Table of Contents  Table of Contents  2List of Tables  3List of Figures  4Section 1 - About the Company  5Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Facts  5Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Employees  6Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies  7Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Major Products and Services  8Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - History  9Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Locations And Subsidiaries  10Head Office  10Section 2 – Company Analysis  11Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Business Description  11Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - SWOT Analysis  12SWOT Analysis - Overview  12Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Strengths  12Strength - Unique Product Portfolio  12Strength - Strong Business Model  12Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Weaknesses  13Weakness - Concentrated Geographic Operations  13Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Opportunities  14Opportunity - Escalating Demand for Electricity: US  14Opportunity - Contracts and Agreements  14Opportunity - United States: Economic Outlook  14Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Threats  15Threat - Competition from Other Energy Sources  15Threat - Lack of Awareness on Smart Grid and Smart Meter  15Threat - Stringent Government Regulations  15Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. - Key Competitors  16Section 3 – Company’s Power Financial Deals and Alliances  17Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  17Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  18Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Recent Deals Summary  19Section 4 – Company’s Recent Developments  20Jan 14, 2015: Energy New England and Tangent Energy Partner to Address Peak Demand Cost Risk  20Sep 25, 2014: Phoenix Solar to build power plant for Duke Energy  21Section 5 – Appendix  22Methodology  22About GlobalData  22Contact Us  22Disclaimer  22List of Tables  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Facts  5Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Employees  6Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Employee Biographies  7Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Major Products and Services  8Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., History  9Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Key Competitors  16Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  17Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  18Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Recent Deals Summary  19List of Figures  Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  17Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., Power, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  18







                                Request a Sample Report
                                




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Do you have any Specific field of Interest?*

















Confirm


 








Make an enquiry before buying this Report




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Your Enquiry*

















Confirm


 
















Purchase this Market Research Report







 USD




 GBP




 EURO




 YEN




 INR







                        1-user PDF
                         
                          $125.00
                        

 
                        Site PDF 
                         
                          $250.00
                        

 
                        Enterprise PDF 
                         
                          $375.00
                        





  1-user PDF
  
 
    95.18
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  190.35
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  285.53
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    106.36
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  212.73
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  319.09
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    13,829.00
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  27,658.00
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  41,487.00
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    8,019.38
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  16,038.75
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  24,058.13
  









Add To Cart
BUY NOW





 















  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form









  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form






Contact Us










Akash Anand
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 (646) 843 9312 (US)
+44 208 133 9349 (UK)













Rishabh Arora
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+44-208-133-9346













Abu Koshy
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 339 368 6938










Related Reports








                  ×
              
Tell a friend about this report 




Your Name:*





Your Email:*





Friend's Name:*





Friend's Email:*





Your Enquiry*









Send


 




































Energy Providers | Tangent Energy Solutions
































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets
Energy Providers
In deregulated energy markets, energy providers are hard pressed to differentiate their commodity offering from competitors and create customer loyalty.
Demand Design™, provided either as a branded or white labeled offering, creates a competitive advantage for energy providers by enabling them to offer turnkey participation in energy markets resulting in significant savings for customers and increased loyalty for energy providers.
Contact us for more information on peak demand management and energy market opportunities for municipal energy customers.
Recently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]












Tangent Energy Solutions | The Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets



































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets


Tangent AMP™A Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS) that actively manages C&I customers in energy markets.
Tangent AMP


Demand Design™A Distributed Energy Resource (DER) alternative to 
traditional demand response
Tangent AMP


Demand Design PLUS™Turnkey integration of Distributed Energy Resource (DER) assets.
Tangent Demand Design Plus


Generator reliability plus DERMS enhanced economics.
Tangent Demand Design Plus

About Tangent Energy®


 
 
 
 
 
Tangent Energy® is a Distributed Energy Resources (DER) company that provides C&I customers with the technology, assets and managed services needed to identify and capitalize on economic opportunities on the energy grid without disrupting normal operations.
The Tangent Energy® Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS), named Tangent AMP™, monitors grid, facility and on-site generation assets, and alerts customers ahead of high-value economic opportunities.  Demand Design™ and Demand Design PLUS™ build on Tangent AMP™ to actively manage customer demand and integrate generation assets in response to these opportunities.   Learn more
IndustrialInstitutionalMunicipal UtilitiesEnergy ProvidersRecently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]















Press Releases

























EnerTech Capital

Real-world energy solutions

 



Press Releases



 Power Survey Receives USD $24 Million Investment  
24th July 2017
 Funding will support M&A opportunities and drive geographic and product line expansion
Read More


 



Electric Power: Power Survey Acquires Power Standards Lab
5th July 2017
Combined companies solve power quality for global customers
Read More


 



Sofdesk, un accélérateur de ventes basé à Montréal, reçoit une ronde de financement importante menée
22nd February 2017
EnerTech Capital (“EnerTech”) annonce aujourd'hui qu'elle a conclu une ronde de financement de 3 millions de dollars (Série A) dans la société montréalaise Sofdesk Inc. BDC Capital participe à ce financement, mené par EnerTech Capital.
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Leads Investment in Montreal-based Cost Efficiency Software Company Sofdesk
22nd February 2017
EnerTech Capital (“EnerTech”) is pleased to announce today that it has led a $3 Million CDN Series A financing along with Co-investor, BDC Venture Capital.
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Strategic Partnership with the National Optics Institute (INO)
5th July 2016
INO is Canada's leading developer of industrial optics and photonics solutions.
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Adds Senior Investment Funds Executive Edward Jackson to their Advisory Board 
27th May 2016
Ed is a well-respected industry leader with 30 years experience providing senior coverage to key RBC clients in Investment Banking, National Accounts and Real Estate Lending. 
Read More


 



Mario Barbaresso Named President, CEO of Power Survey International
27th April 2016
Power Electronics industry veteran to guide new investment and strategic direction
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital adds Energy Industry Executive, Chris Buckman to their team
5th February 2016
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce today that they have hired energy executive Chris Buckman as Vice President.
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Strategic Partnership with Southern California Gas
1st February 2016
The two groups will share knowledge and explore new commercialization strategies.
Read More


 



EnerTech Wins Financial investor of the Year Award!
25th January 2016
EnerTech Capital is Named in the 2015 Global Cleantech 100 As Winner of the “Financial Investor of the Year” Award
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital and Investissement Québec Invest in Power Quality Company Power Survey
15th January 2016
Power Survey and Equipment Ltd. is a Québec-based provider of premier, customized power factor and harmonic filtering technologies and solutions.
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Adds Successful Entrepreneur Etienne Veilleux to their Advisory Board
8th December 2015
Etienne is an inspired leader who is passionate about innovation, moon-shot thinking, and taking ideas to the next level
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital promotes Dean Sciorillo to Managing Director
7th December 2015
He will become a full General Partner upon the closing of EnerTech V.
Read More


 



N-DIMENSION IMPROVES CYBERSECURITY INTEGRITY AT PIEDMONT MUNICIPAL POWER AGENCY
21st July 2015
N-Sentinel Uniquely Helps Address Utility IT-OT Convergence Challenge
Read More


 



GE Ventures and Edison International Join Forces to Invest in Enbala Power Networks
30th March 2015
Capital Infusion to Spur Growth of Advanced Solutions for Distributed Energy Resource Management
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Investment in Internet of Things (IoT) Company Blue Pillar
16th March 2015
EnerTech Capital leads a $14 Million financing into Blue Pillar, Inc.
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Investment in LED Lighting Company Terralux
3rd March 2015
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce today that it has led an $11 million growth investment in LED lighting company Terralux.
Read More


 



EnerTech Welcomes a New Advisory Board Member
11th November 2014
Canadian Energy Technology Industry Veteran Dr. Vicky Sharpe Joins the EnerTech Capital Advisory Board 
Read More


 



Addition to the EnerTech Capital Team
21st October 2014
EnerTech Capital Adds Energy Industry Veteran Bob Chiste as Executive-in-Residence in Houston TX 
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces New Investment
30th June 2014
EnerTech Capital Announces Investment in Energy Efficiency Software Company EnergySavvy
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Investment in Geospatial Data Company Geodigital International
11th June 2014
EnerTech Capital Announces New Investment 
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Investment in Drilling Fluids Recovery Company Markwater Handling Systems
30th May 2014
EnerTech Capital Announces New Investment
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital forms new partnership
12th May 2014
EnerTech Capital announces strategic partnership with Devon Canada
Read More


 



EnerTech Forges New Collaboration
9th April 2014
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce today that it has forged a strategic collaboration with Hydro-Quebec Research Institute (IREQ).
Read More


 



Howard Schmidt Joins N-Dimension Solutions Inc. Board of Directors
17th July 2013
Former White House Cyber-Security Coordinator says firm’s focus on physical assets fills a critical infrastructure security void in the face of a growing threat
Read More


 



Teralys Capital invests $50 million in cleantech in Québec
4th July 2013
Cycle Capital and EnerTech launch two new sector-focused funds in Montréal totaling $250 million in additional capital available to Québec entrepreneurs
Read More


 



Greenwood Energy Closes on Purchase of 2MWp of Solar Projects in Delaware
25th June 2013
Greenwood Energy has completed the purchase of a total of approximately two megawatts (MWp) in capacity of solar projects to be located in Wilmington, Delaware
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Invests in leading Québec based building automation company Distech Controls
21st March 2013
EnerTech Capital Invests in leading Québec based building automation company Distech Controls
Read More


 



Distech Controls continues its development by welcoming new investors and plans to create new jobs
21st March 2013
Distech Controls announced total investments of $38-million (CAD) in the company, to be approved by regulatory authorities
Read More


 



FilterBoxx transitions its technology to Treat Frack water
12th February 2013
FilterBoxx started developing filters for treating frack flowback water two years ago
Read More


 



CalStar Products' environmental protection features in Concrete Products magazine
17th January 2013
CalStar Products' environmental protection features in January 2013 edition of Concrete Products magazine
Read More


 



Nanosteel overlay provides 400%+ more life
15th November 2012
NanoSteel’s 1/4-inch weld overlay outlasts four consecutive 3/4-inch quench & temper plate installations providing superior wear resistance
Read More


 



Tangent Energy selected as a Global Leader among Private Green Tech Companies
14th November 2012
 Tangent Energy Solutions announced that it has been chosen by AlwaysOn as one of the GoingGreen Silicon Valley Global 200 winners
Read More


 



FilterBoxx Announces Growth and Expansion
26th October 2012
FilterBoxx have announced the initiation of significant project activity for the third quarter
Read More


 



Tantalus Partners with N-Dimension to Bolster Smart Grid Security
25th October 2012
New security system allows Tantalus to conduct real-time monitoring for grid vulnerabilities
Read More


 



DuPont expands Solar Energy use with new 1.3 Megawatt Photovoltaic Array
19th October 2012
New Jersey Installation Highlights the Power of Renewable Energy
Read More


 



Wally Hunter appointed to the Board of the Canadian Venture Capital & Private Equity Association
20th September 2012
Wally Hunter of EnerTech Capital appointed to the Board of the Canadian Venture Capital & Private Equity Association
Read More


 



Space-Time Insight raises $14 Million in Series B Funding
19th September 2012
Real-Time big data analytics market boosted by investor support for Space-Time Insight’s Situational Intelligence Solution
Read More


 



EnerTech further expands their Canadian Presence by adding Eric Schmadtke to new office in Calgary
12th September 2012
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce today that they have hired leading energy executive Eric Schmadtke as Vice President, Alberta. 
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital adds Anne-Marie Bourgeois to strengthen their position in the Quebec market
12th September 2012
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce they have hired leading cleantech/energy technology executive Anne-Marie Bourgeois as Vice President, Investments.
Read More


 



OwnEnergy Announces Groundbreaking Investment
10th September 2012
OwnEnergy Announces Groundbreaking Investment by NJR Clean Energy Ventures - Press Release
Read More


 



AUTO EXPERT PAUL GECK JOINS ADVISORY BOARD
6th September 2012
Appointment brings deep knowledge of commercial performance requirements as NanoSteel enters automotive industry
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Adds Dom Geraghty as Executive-in-Residence in Silicon Valley
1st August 2012
EnerTech Capital Adds Power Industry Veteran  Dom Geraghty as Executive-in-Residence in Silicon Valley
Read More


 



Rob Morin Joins Tangent Energy Solutions as Vice President of Business Development
30th July 2012
Rob Morin has been named Vice President of Business Development for Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc., based in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.
Read More


 



Ellen Bossert named Chief Marketing Officer
26th July 2012
Appointment brings technology adoption experience in industrial markets to proprietary steel materials design firm
Read More


 



EnerTech leads investment in Critical Infrastructure Cyber Security Company N-Dimension Solutions
20th July 2012
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce the closing of its lead investment in a $3.85 million financing round along with co-investor Export Development Canada (EDC) in Smart Grid cyber security company N-Dimension Solutions Inc
Read More


 



Nanosteel wins R&D 100 Award for breakthrough steel designs
12th July 2012
Nanosteel wins R&D 100 Award for breakthrough steel designs providing high strength and ductility
Read More


 



EnerTech Capital Announces Plans to Open Calgary Office
11th July 2012
EnerTech Capital is pleased to announce  plans to open a Calgary office later this summer.
Read More


 



Accomplished Steel executive Len Anthony to join NanoSteel's Board of Directors
6th June 2012
New Advanced High-Strength Steels (AHSS) deliver both high strength and high ductility
Read More


 



Alberta Enterprise invests US$15 million in new EnerTech Venture Capital Fund
1st June 2012
Alberta Enterprise today announced a US$15 million investment in EnerTech Capital Partners IV.
Read More


 



NanoSteel names Herbert Fastert and Peter Southwick to Advisory Board
31st May 2012
Appointees bring best practices in operations, process and equipment to proprietary steel materials design firm
Read More


 



Jay Weber Joins Tangent Energy Solutions’ Board of Directors
26th March 2012
John “Jay” C. Weber, Jr., a Founding Partner at Laurel Capital Partners was appointed to the Board of Directors for Tangent Energy Solutions, Inc. 
Read More


 



Colonial School District partners with Tangent to actively manage the district’s energy use.
6th March 2012
Tangent Energy Solutions today announced a three-year deal with Colonial School District, to provide a technology/service platform that actively manages the district’s peak energy usage. 
Read More


 



OwnEnergy CEO Jacob Susman on RPS, incentives, community wind with SNL Energy
5th March 2012
OwnEnergy Inc. founder and CEO Jacob Susman is leading a push to extend the federal investment tax credit to community wind projects of up to 20 MW
Read More


 



Tangent leading the way in Smart Grid
23rd February 2012
A COLD SNAP IN FEBRUARY last year in Texas saw more than 1,000 megawatts of resources respond within
Read More


 



Current selected by Pepco for Grid Modernization Project
23rd January 2012
Comprehensive Line of Intelligent Distribution Sensors Now Available in North America
Read More


 



CURRENT to Provide IBERDROLA with Advanced Metering, Supervision, and Communications Solutions
20th January 2012
CURRENT to Provide IBERDROLA with Advanced Metering, Supervision, and Communications Solutions Supporting Spain’s Largest Smart Grid Initiative
Read More


 



Calstar Products appoints Joel Rood CEO
18th January 2012
Building Products Veteran to Lead Masonry Manufacturer’s Continued Innovation and Expansion 
Read More


 





Home
The Team
Advisory Board
Company & Focus
Portfolio
Investors
News

In The News
Press Releases
EnerTech Quarterly


Events
Contacts

Canada

› Calgary
› Montreal
› Toronto


USA


Business Plan

 

 

Get the latest EnerTech Capital news direct to your inbox




Name



Email












Memberships and associations...







© Copyright EnerTech Capital
•
Home
•
Privacy Policy
•
XML Sitemap

Valid XHTML • Toronto Web Design















Tangent Energy Solutions | The Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets



































Tangent Energy SolutionsThe Customer Side  Resource for Energy Markets


Tangent AMP™A Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS) that actively manages C&I customers in energy markets.
Tangent AMP


Demand Design™A Distributed Energy Resource (DER) alternative to 
traditional demand response
Tangent AMP


Demand Design PLUS™Turnkey integration of Distributed Energy Resource (DER) assets.
Tangent Demand Design Plus


Generator reliability plus DERMS enhanced economics.
Tangent Demand Design Plus

About Tangent Energy®


 
 
 
 
 
Tangent Energy® is a Distributed Energy Resources (DER) company that provides C&I customers with the technology, assets and managed services needed to identify and capitalize on economic opportunities on the energy grid without disrupting normal operations.
The Tangent Energy® Distributed Energy Resource Management System (DERMS), named Tangent AMP™, monitors grid, facility and on-site generation assets, and alerts customers ahead of high-value economic opportunities.  Demand Design™ and Demand Design PLUS™ build on Tangent AMP™ to actively manage customer demand and integrate generation assets in response to these opportunities.   Learn more
IndustrialInstitutionalMunicipal UtilitiesEnergy ProvidersRecently From the Blog
Why the Cummins, Tangent Joint Venture is a Very Big DealThe following is a guest blog post by Scott Ungerer, Founder & Managing Director of EnerTech Capital and a board member of Tangent Energy … [Read More...]BelieveOne of the biggest influencers and mentors throughout my career was Tom Musser. This past week we lost Tom to cancer, and while I did get a chance to … [Read More...]
Latest Press Release
Tangent Energy Solutions Named a 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnerAnnual Award from Greentech Media Highlights Electric Grid Innovators          

Kennett Square, PA – April 12, 2017 Tangent … [Read More...]
Latest News
Tangent Energy Among Greentech Media 2017 Grid Edge Award WinnersThe following provides an excerpt from the GTM article and their overview of Tangent Energy.  A link to the full article is … [Read More...]

















Tangent Energy Solutions Inc (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Tangent Energy Solutions Inc, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Tangent Energy Solutions Inc

Tangent Energy Solutions Inc imports from Du Pont Apollo (shenzhen) Limited in China through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Tangent Energy Solutions Inc and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 LULULEMON USA INC
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 TRANSITYRE FRANCE S.A. MICHELIN EXP
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Tangent Energy Solutions Inc
Tangent Energy Solutions Inc imports from Du Pont Apollo (shenzhen) Limited in China through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



DU PONT APOLLO (SHENZHEN) LIMITED
DU PONT APOLLO HI-TECH INDUSTRIAL PARK, EAST GUANGMING HI-TECH GUANGMING CHINA


TANGENT ENERGY SOLUTIONS INC
PO BOX 1140,KENNETT SQUARE, PA 19348 U.S.A. .



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



TANGENT ENERGY SOLUTIONS INC
PO BOX 1140,KENNETT SQUARE, PA 19348 U.S.A. .



TANGENTPARLINCPO NO. 109PKG NO. 1 - 1COUN 
TRY OF ORIGIN:CHINATANGENTPARLINREF NO. R 
EPLACERMA-RW-2014-03-11PKG NO. 1 - 2COUNTR 
Y OF ORIGIN:CHINA
TANGENTPARLINCPO NO. 109PKG NO. 1 - 1COUN 
TRY OF ORIGIN:CHINATANGENTPARLINREF NO. R 
EPLACERMA-RW-2014-03-11PKG NO. 1 - 2COUNTR 
Y OF ORIGIN:CHINA





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



KKLUHB24689000


KKFU1200320
KKFU1200320


Product Description




DA139-C2 TANDEM TFPV MODULE



DA139-C2 TANDEM TFPV MODULE












Bill of LadingBNXCNWK14050532Arrival Date2014-06-08Weight (LB)4,248Weight (KG)1,931Quantity3 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.085APort of LoadingYANTIANPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameCHISWICK BRIDGECarrier CodeBNXCCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptYANTIAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Tangent Energy Solutions Inc. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Tangent Energy Solutions Inc has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Tangent Energy Solutions Inc







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Tangent Energy Solutions Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Corporacin De Desarrollo Agricola                                



                                    Focus Enviro                                



                                    Changnan County Longgan Zhengchun P                                



                                    Van De Wiele Rubber                                



                                    Gonzalez Anad Nieto Llc                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2828
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















 







Energy & Resources Market Research Reports & Energy & Resources Industry Analysis | MarketResearch.com



















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in














Market Research
»

Heavy Industry

Energy & Resources Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis





Filter your search

Filter your search




Energy (23207)
Environment (1469)
Minerals (1560)
Mining (3860)
Utilities (7927)




Global  (8264)
Asia  (4365)
Europe  (3786)
North America  (2669)
Africa  (1365)
Middle East  (922)
South America  (845)
Oceania  (625)
Caribbean  (70)
Central America  (67)




Research Assistance
US: 800.298.5699 
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093






Join Alert Me Now!
Receive bi-weekly email alerts on new research
Sign Up

Find out more on our blog



Energy & Resources Industry Research & Market Reports

Sort by:

Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Price Low-to-High
Price High-to-Low
Date
Date (Older First)

Refine your search




Close Window
Refine your search








Title:







Publisher:







Keyword:







Price(USD):





 To 







Date:



Any Date
Last Month
Last 3 Months
Last 6 Months
Last Year
Last 2 Years





Region:



All Regions

                                                            Africa
                                                        

                                                               Algeria
                                                        

                                                               Angola
                                                        

                                                               Benin
                                                        

                                                               Botswana
                                                        

                                                               Burkina Faso
                                                        

                                                               Burundi
                                                        

                                                               Cameroon
                                                        

                                                               Cape Verde
                                                        

                                                               Central African Republic
                                                        

                                                               Chad
                                                        

                                                               Comoros
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               Cote d'Ivoire
                                                        

                                                               Djibouti
                                                        

                                                               Egypt
                                                        

                                                               Equatorial Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Eritrea
                                                        

                                                               Ethiopia
                                                        

                                                               Gabon
                                                        

                                                               The Gambia
                                                        

                                                               Ghana
                                                        

                                                               Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Guinea-Bissau
                                                        

                                                               Kenya
                                                        

                                                               Lesotho
                                                        

                                                               Liberia
                                                        

                                                               Libya
                                                        

                                                               Madagascar
                                                        

                                                               Malawi
                                                        

                                                               Mali
                                                        

                                                               Mauritania
                                                        

                                                               Mauritius
                                                        

                                                               Mayotte
                                                        

                                                               Morocco
                                                        

                                                               Mozambique
                                                        

                                                               Namibia
                                                        

                                                               Niger
                                                        

                                                               Nigeria
                                                        

                                                               Reunion
                                                        

                                                               Rwanda
                                                        

                                                               Sao Tome and Principe
                                                        

                                                               Senegal
                                                        

                                                               Seychelles
                                                        

                                                               Sierra Leone
                                                        

                                                               Somalia
                                                        

                                                               South Africa
                                                        

                                                               South Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Swaziland
                                                        

                                                               Tanzania
                                                        

                                                               Togo
                                                        

                                                               Tunisia
                                                        

                                                               Uganda
                                                        

                                                               Western Sahara
                                                        

                                                               Zambia
                                                        

                                                               Zimbabwe
                                                        

                                                            Asia
                                                        

                                                               Afghanistan
                                                        

                                                               Armenia
                                                        

                                                               Azerbaijan
                                                        

                                                               Bangladesh
                                                        

                                                               Bhutan
                                                        

                                                               Brunei
                                                        

                                                               Cambodia
                                                        

                                                               China
                                                        

                                                               Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                                        

                                                               East Timor
                                                        

                                                               Georgia
                                                        

                                                               Hong Kong
                                                        

                                                               India
                                                        

                                                               Indonesia
                                                        

                                                               Japan
                                                        

                                                               Kazakhstan
                                                        

                                                               Kyrgyzstan
                                                        

                                                               Laos
                                                        

                                                               Macau
                                                        

                                                               Malaysia
                                                        

                                                               Maldives
                                                        

                                                               Mongolia
                                                        

                                                               Myanmar
                                                        

                                                               Nepal
                                                        

                                                               North Korea
                                                        

                                                               Pakistan
                                                        

                                                               Papua New Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Philippines
                                                        

                                                               Russia
                                                        

                                                               Singapore
                                                        

                                                               South Korea
                                                        

                                                               Sri Lanka
                                                        

                                                               Taiwan
                                                        

                                                               Tajikistan
                                                        

                                                               Thailand
                                                        

                                                               Turkey
                                                        

                                                               Turkmenistan
                                                        

                                                               Uzbekistan
                                                        

                                                               Vietnam
                                                        

                                                            Caribbean
                                                        

                                                               Anguilla
                                                        

                                                               Antigua and Barbuda
                                                        

                                                               Aruba
                                                        

                                                               The Bahamas
                                                        

                                                               Barbados
                                                        

                                                               British Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cayman Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cuba
                                                        

                                                               Curacao
                                                        

                                                               Dominica
                                                        

                                                               Dominican Republic
                                                        

                                                               Grenada
                                                        

                                                               Guadeloupe
                                                        

                                                               Haiti
                                                        

                                                               Jamaica
                                                        

                                                               Martinique
                                                        

                                                               Montserrat
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands Antilles
                                                        

                                                               Puerto Rico
                                                        

                                                               Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                                        

                                                               Saint Lucia
                                                        

                                                               Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                        

                                                               Sint Maarten/ Saint Maarten
                                                        

                                                               Trinidad and Tobago
                                                        

                                                               Turks and Caicos Islands
                                                        

                                                               Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                            Central America
                                                        

                                                               Belize
                                                        

                                                               Costa Rica
                                                        

                                                               El Salvador
                                                        

                                                               Guatemala
                                                        

                                                               Honduras
                                                        

                                                               Nicaragua
                                                        

                                                               Panama
                                                        

                                                            Europe
                                                        

                                                               Albania
                                                        

                                                               Andorra
                                                        

                                                               Austria
                                                        

                                                               Belarus
                                                        

                                                               Belgium
                                                        

                                                               Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                        

                                                               Bulgaria
                                                        

                                                               Croatia
                                                        

                                                               Czech Republic
                                                        

                                                               Denmark
                                                        

                                                               Estonia
                                                        

                                                               Faroe Islands
                                                        

                                                               Finland
                                                        

                                                               France
                                                        

                                                               Germany
                                                        

                                                               Gibraltar
                                                        

                                                               Greece
                                                        

                                                               Guernsey
                                                        

                                                               Hungary
                                                        

                                                               Iceland
                                                        

                                                               Ireland
                                                        

                                                               Isle of Man
                                                        

                                                               Italy
                                                        

                                                               Jersey
                                                        

                                                               Kosovo
                                                        

                                                               Latvia
                                                        

                                                               Liechtenstein
                                                        

                                                               Lithuania
                                                        

                                                               Luxembourg
                                                        

                                                               Macedonia
                                                        

                                                               Malta
                                                        

                                                               Moldova
                                                        

                                                               Monaco
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands
                                                        

                                                               Norway
                                                        

                                                               Poland
                                                        

                                                               Portugal
                                                        

                                                               Romania
                                                        

                                                               San Marino
                                                        

                                                               Scotland
                                                        

                                                               Serbia and Montenegro
                                                        

                                                               Slovakia
                                                        

                                                               Slovenia
                                                        

                                                               Spain
                                                        

                                                               Sweden
                                                        

                                                               Switzerland
                                                        

                                                               Ukraine
                                                        

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                        

                                                            Global
                                                        

                                                            Middle East
                                                        

                                                               Bahrain
                                                        

                                                               Cyprus
                                                        

                                                               Gaza Strip
                                                        

                                                               Iran
                                                        

                                                               Iraq
                                                        

                                                               Israel
                                                        

                                                               Jordan
                                                        

                                                               Kuwait
                                                        

                                                               Lebanon
                                                        

                                                               Oman
                                                        

                                                               Palestinian Territories
                                                        

                                                               Qatar
                                                        

                                                               Saudi Arabia
                                                        

                                                               Syria
                                                        

                                                               United Arab Emirates
                                                        

                                                               Yemen
                                                        

                                                            North America
                                                        

                                                               Bermuda
                                                        

                                                               Canada
                                                        

                                                               Greenland
                                                        

                                                               Mexico
                                                        

                                                               United States
                                                        

                                                            Oceania
                                                        

                                                               American Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Australia
                                                        

                                                               Cook Islands
                                                        

                                                               Fiji
                                                        

                                                               French Polynesia
                                                        

                                                               Guam
                                                        

                                                               Kiribati
                                                        

                                                               Marshall Islands
                                                        

                                                               Micronesia, Federated States of
                                                        

                                                               Nauru
                                                        

                                                               New Caledonia
                                                        

                                                               New Zealand
                                                        

                                                               Niue
                                                        

                                                               Norfolk Island
                                                        

                                                               Northern Mariana Islands
                                                        

                                                               Palau
                                                        

                                                               Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Solomon Islands
                                                        

                                                               Tonga
                                                        

                                                               Tuvalu
                                                        

                                                               Vanuatu
                                                        

                                                            South America
                                                        

                                                               Argentina
                                                        

                                                               Bolivia
                                                        

                                                               Brazil
                                                        

                                                               Chile
                                                        

                                                               Colombia
                                                        

                                                               Ecuador
                                                        

                                                               Falkland Islands
                                                        

                                                               French Guiana
                                                        

                                                               Guyana
                                                        

                                                               Paraguay
                                                        

                                                               Peru
                                                        

                                                               Suriname
                                                        

                                                               Uruguay
                                                        

                                                               Venezuela
                                                        





 Search 











Eaton: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Diversified Industrials Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented diversified industrials market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions and marketing ... Read More


Eldorado Gold: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


Agnico Eagle Mines: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...insight critical to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to ... Read More


Iamgold: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Anglogold Ashanti: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


Newmont Mining: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


General Electric: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Diversified Industrials Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented diversified industrials market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Kinross Gold: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


Goldcorp: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Barrick Gold: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


Yamana Gold: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Mining and Metals Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented mining and metals market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


Waste Processing Plants (Construction) in Bulgaria: Market Analytics by Category & Cost Type to 2021
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 500
...and forecast market data for the waste processing plants category in Bulgaria, it also provides detailed breakdown of the data by construction activity (new construction, repair and maintenance, refurbishment and demolition) and by cost type ... Read More


Sewage Infrastructure (Construction) in Algeria: Market Analytics by Category & Cost Type to 2021
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 500
...market data for the sewage infrastructure category in Algeria, it also provides detailed breakdown of the data by construction activity (new construction, repair and maintenance, refurbishment and demolition) and by cost type (construction materials, construction ... Read More


Electricity and Power (Construction) in Algeria: Market Analytics by Category & Cost Type to 2021
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 500
...and forecast market data for the electricity and power category in Algeria, it also provides detailed breakdown of the data by construction activity (new construction, repair and maintenance, refurbishment and demolition) and by cost type ... Read More


Indonesia Mining Report Q3 2017
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,345
...them over to locals as they leave. Latest Developments & Structural Trends As per our expectations, on January 12 the Indonesian government moderated the mineral ore export banthat was implemented in January 2014. The prohibition ... Read More


Asia-pacific Oil And Gas Process Automation And Instrumentation Market Forecast 2017-2024
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,250
...forecast period of 2017-2024. The revenue generated by the market is also expected to rise from $1.99 billion in 2016 to $3.48 billion by 2024. Growing demand for oil and gas from the Asian region ... Read More


Global Oil & Gas Process Automation & Instrumentation Market Forecast 2017-2024
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 2,500
...forecast period of 2017 – 2024. The Middle East and Africa region held the highest revenue share for the year 2016. Some of the factors responsible for propelling the market growth are the improved production ... Read More


Kuwait Power Report Q3 2017
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,345
...by several large projects, delays to which could pose a downside risk to ourforecast. Driven by population growth and sustained economic development, electricity consumption willcontinue rising, although the government's plans to cut energy subsidies could ... Read More


Oil and Gas (Construction) in Bulgaria: Market Analytics by Category & Cost Type to 2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 500
...and forecast market data for the oil and gas category in Bulgaria, it also provides detailed breakdown of the data by construction activity (new construction, repair and maintenance, refurbishment and demolition) and by cost type ... Read More


Austria Power Report Q3 2017
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,345
...firm stance against nuclear power, Austria has also committed to thefurther development of renewable energy with the focus primarily on wind power as most viablehydropower sites have already been developed. That said, upcoming elections, a ... Read More


Water Infrastructure (Construction) in Algeria: Market Analytics by Category & Cost Type to 2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 500
...market data for the water infrastructure category in Algeria, it also provides detailed breakdown of the data by construction activity (new construction, repair and maintenance, refurbishment and demolition) and by cost type (construction materials, construction ... Read More


Morocco Renewables Report Q3 2017
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,345
...and the low bids registered in renewables capacity tenders. Regulatory stabilitywill be one of the country's relative selling points compared to neighbouring Tunisia and Algeria - bothwith ambitious expansion plans - supporting continued investor interest ... Read More


Canada Power Report Q3 2017
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,345
...gas. In our 10-year forecast up until 2026 we, therefore, expect a gradual shiftaway from coal power, benefiting natural gas, and non-hydropower renewables, while hydro projectscontinue to dominate our project pipeline. Latest Updates And Structural ... Read More


Tunisia Oil and Gas Report Q3 2017
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 1,345
...environment is de-incentivisingexploration activity. In addition, production is also at risk from regular social unrest and industrial actionsimpacting the energy sector. Latest Updates And Key Forecasts Exploration has slowed considerably over 2016 given the difficult ... Read More


Global Alkaline Battery Market 2017-2021
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 3,500
...dioxide and the negative electrode is zinc. When the battery is connected, electrons flow from the negative electrode in the circuit to power the external device connected to the battery. The flow of electrons forms ... Read More



< prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
  next > 




Start New Browse


Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
 Company Reports
Reports by Country
View all Market Areas
View all Publishers




































