
Target Corp (TGT)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Target Corp (TGT)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerDiscount Stores












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				TGT on New York Consolidated


				56.11USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.06


					            (+0.11%)
					        






Prev Close

$56.05


Open

$56.00




Day's High

$56.36


Day's Low

$55.64




Volume

5,371,863


Avg. Vol

7,293,355




52-wk High

$79.33


52-wk Low

$48.56












					Full Description



Target Corporation (Target), incorporated on February 11, 1902, is a general merchandise retailer selling products through its stores and digital channels. The Company's general merchandise stores offer an edited food assortment, including perishables, dry grocery, dairy and frozen items. The Company's digital channels include a range of general merchandise, including a range of items found in its stores, along with an assortment, such as additional sizes and colors sold only online. The Company's owned brands include Archer Farms, Market Pantry, Sutton & Dodge, Art Class, Merona, Threshold, Ava & Viv, Pillowfort, up & up, Boots & Barkley, Room Essentials, Wine Cube, Cat & Jack, Simply Balanced, Wondershop, Embark, Smith & Hawken, Xhilaration, Gilligan & O'Malley, Sonia Kashuk, Knox Rose and Spritz.The Company's exclusive brands include C9 by Champion, Hand Made Modern, Mossimo, DENIZEN from Levi's, Just One You made by carter's, Nate Berkus for Target, Fieldcrest, Kid Made Modern, Oh Joy! for Target, Genuine Kids from OshKosh and Liz Lange for Target. The Company also generates revenue from in-store amenities, such as Target Cafe and Target Photo, and leased or licensed departments, such as Target Optical, Portrait Studio, Starbucks and other food service offerings. As of January 28, 2017, the Company had 1,802 stores across the United States, including 1,535 owned stores, 107 leased stores and 160 owned buildings on leased land.The Company competes with Amazon.com, Inc., Best Buy Co., Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation, CVS Health Corporation, Dollar General Corporation, The Gap, Inc., The Home Depot, Inc., Kohl's Corporation, The Kroger Co., Lowe's Companies, Inc., Macy's, Inc., Publix Super Markets, Inc., Rite Aid Corporation, Sears Holdings Corporation, Staples, Inc., The TJX Companies, Inc., Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.

» Full Overview of TGT







					Company Address



Target Corp
1000 Nicollet MallMINNEAPOLIS   MN   55403
P: +1612.3046073F: +1612.7615555







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Brian Cornell

11,281,400




							 Catherine Smith

4,439,340




							 John Mulligan

7,030,640




							 Stephanie Lundquist

--




							 Michael McNamara

9,960,030




» More Officers & Directors





					Target Corp News




Target's upbeat forecast drives retail stocks higher
| 


Jul 13 2017 
UPDATE 4-Target's upbeat forecast drives retail stocks higher

Jul 13 2017 
Target estimates rise in 2nd-qtr comparable sales, higher profit

Jul 13 2017 
BRIEF-Target updates second quarter 2017 guidance

Jul 13 2017 
BRIEF-Target corporation announces 3.3 percent dividend increase

Jun 14 2017 


» More TGT  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerDiscount Stores






















target's marketing stratgy | Target Corporation | Walmart














 





ExploreUploadSign inJoinclose user settings menuOptionsJoinSign InUpload




target's marketing stratgyUploaded by chandan1785Related InterestsTarget CorporationWalmartRetailBrandOnline ShoppingRating and Stats5.0 (4)Document ActionsDownloadShare or Embed DocumentEmbedView MoreCopyright: Attribution Non-Commercial (BY-NC)Download as PDF or read online from ScribdFlag for inappropriate content
Recommended DocumentsDocuments Similar To target's marketing stratgyTarget Corporation.by Nazish SohailTarget Marketing Planby Brigitta BallaiThe Target Accomplised1by chandan1785Documents About Target CorporationPershing Square Third Quarter Investor Letterby DealBookWow! Wow! Wubbzy!by Fred SeibertJCF Research Associates v. Maya Group et. al.by PriorSmartDocuments About WalmartParade June 6, 2010, Online 060610by Albuquerque JournalBrenda K. Johnson v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., 166 F.3d 347, 10th Cir. (1998)by Scribd Government DocsGolight, Inc. v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Defendant/third Party and North Arkansas Wholesale Company, Inc. v. Innovative International (h.k.) Ltd., Third Party, 355 F.3d 1327, 3rd Cir. (2004)by Scribd Government Docs
Screen Reader Compatibility InformationDue to the method this document is displayed on the page, screen readers may not read the content correctly. For a better experience, please download the original document and view it in the native application on your computer.


 





 

 

Target Corporation

“Expect More, Pay Less”

Consumer Audit

Amy BrantleyMichael DeppaCarla JohnsonJen JursAnna MeyerRay RoquemoreMKTG 4150Mon./Wed.11:00 – 12:15
























 

1

Table of Contents:Market Analysis

................................................................................................................2

Market Segmentation

.......................................................................................................4

Product Positioning

...........................................................................................................7

Impact on the Consumer

..................................................................................................7

Consumer Decision Process

...........................................................................................12

Marketing Mix

................................................................................................................14

Market Plan Assessment

................................................................................................18



















 

2

Market Analysis

The Target Corporation is part of a company that goes back over a hundred yearswhen the first Target store was opened in 1962. For the past forty years, Target has beencommitted to providing an inexpensive, yet chic and savvy shopping experience to theircustomers. As a result of Target’s continued success, in 2000 their parent company, TheDayton Hudson Corporation, was renamed the Target Corporation. Target continues togrow financially; in January 2006 they announced success of $50 billion in sales for asingle year (Biesada). In more recent news, Target reported in mid-November that therethird quarter profits have risen 16% and sales rose 11%. Target attributes these recentsuccesses to the increases they have made in building new stores; in 2003 Target had atotal of 1,225 stores, but currently they operate 1,494 (Freed).There are many economic, physical and technological conditions that influenceconsumer needs and behaviors to a corporation such as Target. An example of theeconomic conditions that have affected Target has been the recent war in Iraq. Becauseof the war, prices on certain items have increased, particularly gas prices, over the pastcouple years; but it is primarily the customers of competitor Wal-Mart that suffers,leaving Target to reap the benefits. The average Wal-Mart shopper makes an averageannual income $20,000-$25,000 versus the average Target shopper at $50,000-$75,000.Wal-Mart shoppers stay loyal to the purchasing of cheap staple products, but because of the rise in gas prices, they avoid the items that are not absolutely necessary. On the otherhand, Target’s customers are not as price sensitive to economic conditions and cansomewhat afford to maintain their lifestyle. In the end Target keeps their numbers up,while Wal-Mart reports losses (Yerak).



















































































































































































































































Sign up to vote on this titleUsefulNot usefulClose DialogAre you sure?This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?CANCELOKClose DialogGet the full title to continueGet the full title to continue reading from where you left off, or restart the preview.Restart preview









Target : Expect More. Pay Less.



















































help linkshelpstores linksstoresapps linksappssocial linkssocialmore linksmoretermsprivacyinterest-based adsca privacy rightsca supply chain act™ & ©  Target Brands, Inc.














Target Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Target Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Target Corp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the defunct Canadian subsidiary, see Target Canada. For the separate Australian company, see Target Australia.

Target Corporation





Target Corporation headquarters in Minneapolis




Formerly called

Goodfellow Dry Goods
(1902–1962)



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TGT
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
June 24, 1902; 115 years ago (1902-06-24)


Founder
George Dayton


Headquarters
Target Plaza North
Target Plaza South
1000 Nicollet Mall, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.



Number of locations

1,802 stores[1] (2016)



Area served

United States (except Vermont)



Key people

Brian Cornell
(Chairman and CEO)
John Mulligan
(EVP and COO)


Products
Beauty and health products; bedding; clothing and accessories; electronics; food; furniture; housewares; jewelry; gardening supplies; pet supplies; shoes; sporting goods; toys/games; small appliances; Office Supplies; Books


Revenue
 US$69.495 billion[2] (2016)



Operating income

 US$4.969 billion[2] (2016)



Net income

 US$2.737 billion[2] (2016)


Total assets
 US$37.431 billion[2] (2016)


Total equity
 US$10.953 billion[2] (2016)



Number of employees

341,000 (2016)


Subsidiaries



Financial and Retail Services
Target Sourcing Services





Website



www.target.com
corporate.target.com





Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.
Target established itself as the highest-earning division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.[3] The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Canadian subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States.
As of 2017, Target operates 1,806[1] stores throughout the United States. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "flexible format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding. Target is often recognized for its emphasis on "the needs of its younger, image-conscious shoppers," whereas its rival Walmart more heavily relies on its strategy of "always low prices."[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 1960s and 1970s
1.3 1980s and 1990s
1.4 2000s and 2010s


2 Store formats

2.1 Target
2.2 SuperTarget
2.3 Flexible format Target


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 Financial and Retail Services
3.2 Target Sourcing Services
3.3 Private label brands
3.4 Website


4 Distribution centers
5 Corporate affairs

5.1 Headquarters
5.2 Diversity
5.3 Philanthropy
5.4 Environmental record
5.5 Customer privacy


6 Corporate identity

6.1 Logo
6.2 Differentiation from competitors
6.3 Targét
6.4 Nomenclature
6.5 Product lines and partnerships
6.6 Gift cards


7 Target Forensic Services
8 Criticism and controversy

8.1 Animal welfare concerns
8.2 "Bathroom policy" and boycott


9 Major sponsorships

9.1 Events
9.2 Sports

9.2.1 Chip Ganassi Racing


9.3 Minnesota United FC

9.3.1 Naming rights


9.4 Radio


10 See also
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of Target Corporation
Early history[edit]




Dayton's Department Store in 1903


The Westminster Presbyterian Church from downtown Minneapolis burned down during the Panic of 1893. Without insurance coverage to cover the financial loss, the congregation found itself unable to rebuild. The church appealed to parishioner George Dayton to purchase an empty corner lot adjacent to the original church in its possession; funds raised from the property's sale allowed the church to rebuild and Dayton constructed a six-story building on his newly purchased property.[5]
Dayton convinced the Reuben Simon Goodfellow Company to move its nearby Goodfellows department store into the newly erected building in 1902, although its owner retired altogether and sold his interest in the store to Dayton.[6] The store was renamed the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1903, and was shortened to the Dayton Company in 1910.[5] The company made its first expansion with the acquisition of the Minneapolis-based jeweler J.B. Hudson & Son right before the Wall Street Crash of 1929; its jewelry store operated in a net loss during the Great Depression, but its department store weathered the economic crisis. Dayton died in 1938 and was succeeded by his son Nelson as the president of the $14 million business.[5] Nelson died in 1950 and was replaced by his own son Donald, who with his cousins replaced the Presbyterian guidelines set by his predecessors with a more secular approach. The company acquired the Lipman's department store company during the 1950s and operated it as a separate division.[7]
1960s and 1970s[edit]
John F. Geisse developed the concept of upscale discount retailing while working for the Dayton Company. Using his concepts, the company opened its first Target discount store at 1515 West County Road B in the Saint Paul suburb of Roseville, Minnesota; Douglas Dayton was its first president. The name "Target" originated from publicity director Stewart K. Widdess, and was intended to prevent consumers from associating the discount store with the department store. It opened three additional units in the first year, and reported its first gain in 1965 with sales reaching $39 million. Later that decade, B. Dalton Bookseller was formed as a subsidiary of the Dayton Company.[6] The parent company acquired the jewelers Shreve & Co. and J.E. Caldwell, the Pickwick Book Shops, and the electronics and appliances chain Lechmere.[5] It also went public with its first offering of common stock,[5] and built its first distribution center in Fridley, Minnesota.[8] In 1969, the Dayton Company itself merged with the Detroit-based J.L. Hudson Company, and together formed the Dayton-Hudson Corporation. The new company, at the time the 14th-largest retailer in the United States, consisted of Target and the department stores Dayton's, Diamond's, Hudson's, John A. Brown, and Lipman's.[5]
Target reached $200 million in sales while Dayton-Hudson acquired Team Electronics and the jewelers C.D. Peacock, Inc. and Jessop and Sons in the 1970s.[5][9] Target reported a decrease in profits in 1972, due to the rapid pace of expansion with the purchase and conversion of several former Arlan's department store locations. New management marked down merchandise to reduce its overstock and only opened one new location that year, Target consequently became Dayton-Hudson's top revenue producer in 1975. Dayton-Hudson was established as the seventh-largest general merchandise retailer in the United States with its acquisition of Mervyn's in 1978.[5]
1980s and 1990s[edit]
Dayton-Hudson sold Lipman's to Marshall Field's (which rebranded them as Frederick & Nelson) and acquired the discount store chain Ayr-Way in 1980,[7] and expanded into the West Coast market with the purchase and conversion of several FedMart stores in 1982.[10] It sold the Dayton-Hudson Jewelers subsidiary to Henry Birks & Sons of Montreal.[5] The company founded the Plums off-price clothing store with four locations in the Los Angeles area in 1983; the following year, it sold the chain to Ross Stores and sold the Diamond's and John A. Brown department stores to Dillard's.[11][12][13] Target was established as the dominant retailer in southern California after purchasing fifty Gemco stores in the state in 1986; that year, Dayton-Hudson sold B. Dalton Bookseller to Barnes & Noble.[6] The acquisition of several Gold Circle and Richway stores assisted its expansion into northwestern and southeastern United States.[10] Later that year, Dayton-Hudson sold Lechmere to a group of investors (including Berkshire Partners).[8]




The exterior of a former Target Greatland store in Laredo, Texas


In 1990, Dayton-Hudson acquired Marshall Field's and opened its first Target Greatland store in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It started the Everyday Hero clothing specialty store with two locations in Minneapolis in 1992,[10] although they were closed in 1997.[14] In 1993, the company created a chain of four closeout stores called Smarts for liquidating clearance merchandise, which was shuttered in 1996.[15] In 1995, the first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska and the Target Guest Card, the discount retail industry's first store credit card, was launched.[5] J. C. Penney offered to buy out Dayton-Hudson for $6.82 billion in 1996, an offer that most analysts had considered as insufficiently valuing the company.[5][16] Target remained the company's main area of growth while the department store subsidiaries underperformed.[17] The middle scale Mervyn's department store chain consisted of 300 units in 16 states, while the upscale department stores division operated 26 Marshall Field's, 22 Hudson's, and 19 Dayton's stores.[5] In an effort to turn the departments around, Mervyn's and Marshall Field's closed several locations.[5]
Dayton-Hudson acquired Greenspring Company's multi-catalog direct marketing unit Rivertown Trading Company and the apparel supplier Associated Merchandising Corporation in 1998.[18][19] In 1999, Dayton-Hudson acquired Fedco in order to expand its SuperTarget operation into southern California.[17][20] Revenue for Dayton-Hudson increased to $33.7 billion, and net income reached $1.14 billion, passing $1 billion for the first time and nearly tripling the 1996 profits of $463 million. On September 7, 1999, Dayton-Hudson launched Target.com website as an e-commerce site as part of its discount retail division.[21]
2000s and 2010s[edit]
In January 2000, Dayton-Hudson was renamed the Target Corporation; between 75 and 80 percent of Dayton-Hudson's sales and earnings were coming from Target while the department stores were used to fuel its growth. It also separated its e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combined it with Rivertown Trading into a standalone subsidiary called target.direct.[22] The following year, the Dayton's and Hudson's stores were rebranded under the Marshall Field's name.[5][17][23] The company sold Marshall Field's to May Department Stores in June 2004 and sold Mervyn's to an investment consortium including Sun Capital Partners, Cerberus Capital Management, and Lubert-Adler/Klaff and Partners, L.P that September. In 2005, Target began operation in Bangalore, India.[24] In 2006, Target completed construction of the Robert J. Ulrich Center in Embassy Golf Links in Bangalore, and Target planned to continue its expansion into India with the construction of additional office space at the Mysore Corporate Campus and successfully opened a branch at Mysore.[24][25]
On January 13, 2011, Target announced its first ever international expansion, into Canada, when it purchased the leaseholds for up to 220 stores of the Canadian sale chain Zellers, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. The deal was announced to have been made for $1.8 billion. Target opened its first Canadian stores in March 2013, and at its peak, Target Canada had 133 stores. However, the expansion into Canada was beset with problems, including supply chain issues that resulted in stores with aisles of empty shelves and higher than expected retail prices. Target Canada racked up losses of $2.1 billion in its short life, and the store's botched expansion was characterized by the Canadian and US media as a "spectacular failure",[26] "an unmitigated disaster",[27][28] and "a gold standard case study in what retailers should not do when they enter a new market."[29] On January 15, 2015, Target announced that all 133 of its Canadian outlets would be closed and liquidated by the end of 2015.[30] The last Target Canada stores closed on April 12, 2015, far ahead of the initial schedule.[28]
Store formats[edit]
Target[edit]




The exterior of a typical Target store in Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target discount store opened in Roseville, Minnesota on May 1, 1962.[31] Present-day properties are roughly 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2) and sell general merchandise including hardlines and softlines.[32] While many Target stores follow a standard big-box architectural style,[33] the company has focused on "customizing each new store to ensure a locally-relevant experience [...] that best fit the surrounding neighborhood’s needs" since August 2006.[34] Initially, only SuperTarget locations operated Starbucks Coffee counters, although they were integrated into general merchandise stores through their expanded partnership beginning in 2003.[35] Several locations include Target Optical, Target Photo, and Target Pharmacy departments; the latter division was purchased by CVS Health in 2015 and began operating as stores-within-stores under the CVS Pharmacy and MinuteClinic mastheads in February 2016.[36]
Target introduced the "PFresh" store prototype in 2006, which expanded their grocery selection in general merchandise locations by an upwards of 200-percent. Newly constructed stores that follow the PFresh format are roughly 1,500 square feet (140 m2) larger than properties without groceries, although retain the Target branding because their offerings are considerably more limited than SuperTarget. The company remodeled 109 stores accordingly in 2006 and renovated another 350 stores the following year.[37] The company's decision to close their garden centers opened floor space for PFresh expansion and larger seasonal departments beginning in 2010.[38]
SuperTarget[edit]




The exterior of a typical SuperTarget in Northlake Mall Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target Greatland location opened in Apple Valley, Minnesota in September 1990. They were about fifty-percent larger than traditional Target stores, and pioneered company standards including an increased number of checkout lanes and price scanners, larger aisles, expanded pharmacy and photography departments, and a food court. Target Greatland locations have since been converted to stores following the PFresh format beginning in 2009.[39]
The first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995, and expanded upon the Target Greatland concept with the inclusion of a full grocery department.[31] The company expanded their grocery assortment in 2003 and adopted the modified tagline "Eat Well. Pay Less." (in reference to their tagline "Expect More. Pay Less.") in 2004.[31][40] In the early 2000s, 43 locations (of nearly 100) featured E-Trade trading stations, although they were all closed by June 2003 after E-Trade determined that "we were not able to make it into a profitable distribution channel."[41]
When comparing itself with rival Walmart Supercenter hypermarkets, then-chief executive Gregg Steinhafel opined that Walmart operates like "a grocer that happens to also sell general merchandise," where in contrast its less aggressive expansion of SuperTarget stores is indicative of their position that the grocery industry as a "high-impact, low-cost" side project.[40] The company operates 239 SuperTarget locations as of September 2015;[42] they each encompass an estimate of 174,000 square feet (16,200 m2).[43]
Flexible format Target[edit]




The exterior of the CityTarget in Boston, Massachusetts, now re-branded as Target


While typical Target locations are approximately 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2), the majority of "flexible format" CityTarget stores are roughly 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2). The first stores were opened in July 2012, in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle;[32] the 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) location in Boston is the largest CityTarget and opened in July 2015.[44] TargetExpress stores hover around 14,000 square feet (1,300 m2) to 21,000 square feet (2,000 m2); the first opened in Dinkytown near the University of Minnesota in July 2014.[45] Products in these flexible format properties are typically sold in smaller packages geared towards customers using public transportation. Locations built in college communities often carry an extended home department of apartment and dormitory furnishings.[46] In August 2015, Target announced that it would rename its nine CityTarget and five TargetExpress stores as Target beginning that October, deciding that "Big or small, our stores have one thing in common: they're all Target."[44] The first flexible format stores under the unified naming scheme opened later that month in Chicago, Rosslyn, San Diego, and San Francisco.[47] The company opened a 45,000 square foot store in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York in October 2016. Three other similar sized stores will open in Philadelphia, Cupertino and the area around Penn State University in October 2016.[3]
Nearly all of its planned openings through 2019 are small formats, which is less than 50,000 square feet.[3] The goal of these smaller format stores is to win over the business of millennial customers. The nearly 30 new locations will be situated in college towns or densely populated areas.[3]
Subsidiaries[edit]
Financial and Retail Services[edit]







Financial and Retail Services (FRS) formerly Target Financial Services (TFS): issues Target's credit cards, known as the Target REDcard (formerly the Target Guest Card), issued through Target National Bank (formerly Retailers National Bank) for consumers and through Target Bank for businesses. Target Financial Services also oversees GiftCard balances. Target launched its PIN-x debit card, the Target Check Card, which was later re-branded the Target Debit Card. The Target Debit Card withdraws funds from the customer's existing checking account, and allows for up to $40 "cash back". The debit card allows guests to save five percent of each purchase.
Target Sourcing Services[edit]
Target Sourcing Services (TSS): This global sourcing organization locates merchandise from around the world for Target and helps import the merchandise to the United States. Such merchandise includes garments, furniture, bedding, and towels. TSS has 27 full-service offices, 48 quality-control offices, and seven concessionaires located throughout the world. TSS employs 1,200 people. Its engineers are responsible for evaluating the factories that do business with Target Corporation for quality, as well as labor rights and transshipment issues.[48] TSS was acquired by Target Corporation in 1998, was founded in 1916 as the Associated Merchandising Corporation, and was previously owned by the clients it served.[citation needed] Target Sourcing Services ceased operations in its department store group, the division of the former Associated Merchandising Corporation that acted as a buying office for Saks, Inc., Bloomingdale's, Stage Stores Inc., T.J.Maxx, and Marshalls.[19]
Private label brands[edit]
Target Brands is the company's brand management division that oversees the company's private label products. In addition, Bullseye Dog is a mascot, and the Bullseye Design and 'Target' are registered trademarks of Target Brands.

Archer Farms,
Market Pantry, grocery products.
Simply Balanced;
Sutton & Dodge, a premium meat line;
Embark, an outdoor gear line of camping equipment;
Room Essentials, a low-end home goods line;
Boots & Barkley, a pet food and supply line;
Merona, a clothing brand purchased by Target in 1991;
Mossimo Supply Co., a clothing line. In partnership with brand owner Iconix Brand Group.
Threshold, a premium furniture line.
up & up. Target issued a re-launch of the Target brand as up&up to include an expanded product selection and a new design. The up & up brand offers essential commodities including household, healthcare, beauty, baby, and personal care products. The brand claims to offer products of equal quality to national brands at a fraction of the cost, averaging a savings of 30 percent.

[49] As of September 2009, up & up offers over 800 products across 40 categories.[50]
Other private labels include two recently released brands,

Pillowfort, a children's line of bedding and
Cat and Jack, a children's line of apparel and accessories.

The new brands were launched in July 2016, during Back to School sales. After the launch, the clothing and bedding brand made a big hit and was successful. Target executives claim that the new brands increased sales by $1 billion and increased 15% in revenue, only during their first year.[51]
Website[edit]

Target.com



Screenshot 






Type of site

E-commerce


Website
target.com


Alexa rank
 324 global,  94 in the United States (February 2017[update])[52]


Commercial
Yes


Registration
Optional


Launched
August 2011; 5 years ago (2011-08)


Current status
Online


Target.com owns and oversees the company's e-commerce initiatives, such as the Target.com domain. Founded in early 2000 as target.direct, it was formed by separating the company's existing e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combining it with its Rivertown Trading direct marketing unit into a stand-alone subsidiary.[22] In 2002, target.direct and Amazon.com's subsidiary Amazon Enterprise Solutions created a partnership in which Amazon.com would provide order fulfillment and guest services for Target.com in exchange for fixed and variable fees. After the company sold Marshall Field's and Mervyn's in 2004, target.direct became Target.com. The domain target.com attracted at least 288 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey.[53] In August 2009, Target announced that they would build and manage a new Target.com platform, independent of Amazon.com. This new platform was to launch in 2011, in advance of the holiday season. Prior to the announcement, Target and Amazon had extended their partnership until 2011.[54] In January 2010, Target announced their vendor partners for the re-platforming project. These partners include Sapient, IBM, Oracle, Endeca, Autonomy, Sterling Commerce and Huge, among others.[55] The re-platformed Target.com officially launched on August 23, 2011, effectively ending the partnership with Amazon.com.[56]
Distribution centers[edit]
As of May 2016[update], Target Corporation operates 38 distribution centers across the United States.[57] Target opened three new distribution centers in 2006 (Rialto, California, DeKalb, Illinois) and one in 2009 (Newton, North Carolina) to support the growth of its stores. With the exception of vendor supplied items, such as greeting cards and soda, these distribution centers ship items directly to Target stores. Also, unlike Walmart, Target's grocery selection does not come from their own distribution centers, but from the companies with whom Target has partnered.[6]
The retail chain's first distribution center opened in Fridley, Minnesota, in 1969. It included a computerized distribution system and was known as the Northern Distribution Center. During this time, the chain consisted of seventeen stores after having expanded into Oklahoma and Texas.[58]
On August 9, 2004, Target announced to their suppliers that they were going to perform a trial on the effects of radio-frequency identification on the efficiency of supply chain management in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. This trial involved one Target distribution center and ten nearby Target stores. Here, RFID tags would be placed on the bar codes of pallets and cartons to track the goods from the suppliers to the distribution center, and from the distribution center to the stores.[59] As of 2009, RFID had been phased out of the Dallas–Fort Worth stores.
On January 27, 2009, Target announced the closing of its distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas, the second-oldest in the company. The reason cited was the need to ensure that Target remains competitive in the long-term.[60]
SuperTarget and PFresh stores require fresh produce, refrigerated and frozen items. Food distribution centers owned by SuperValu have been utilized by Target for many years. In October 2003, SuperValu's facility in Phoenix, Arizona, was converted to serve Target exclusively.[61] The same change was implemented at the SuperValu center in Fort Worth, Texas.[62] A new distribution center was constructed by Target in Lake City, Florida, to serve the Southeast, but it is operated by SuperValu.[61] A fourth center in Cedar Falls, Iowa, opened in 2009 and is unique in that it is located adjacent to a standard Target Distribution Center, each utilizing the same dispatch office.[62] Other warehouses owned by SuperValu are still used in other regions, but Target plans to replace those over the next few years.[61] In Colorado, stores are serviced through FreshPack Produce Inc. of Denver.[6] In the mid-Atlantic region/Philadelphia market, C&S Wholesale Grocers services the fresh produce, meat, dairy, bakery, & frozen needs to "PFresh" stores.
The company operates four facilities to receive shipments from overseas manufacturers and suppliers. They are located near ports at Rialto, California; Savannah, Georgia; Lacey, Washington; and Suffolk, Virginia. Merchandise received is sent directly to Regional Distribution Centers. Internet sales orders from the Target Direct division, which operates from the Target.com website, are processed by the facility in Woodbury, Minnesota, with some support from Savannah, Georgia, and other vendors. New centers opened in Ontario, California, and Tucson, Arizona, in 2009.[62]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]




Target Plaza South, a portion of the Target Corporation headquarters complex in downtown Minneapolis; the building originally featured the Target Light System, created by using 3M light pipes[63] but was replaced by more energy-efficient LEDs in 2011.[64]


Target Corporation has its headquarters on Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis,[65] near the site of the original Goodfellows store.[citation needed] The complex includes Target Plaza North and Target Plaza South. Ryan Companies developed the complex, and Ellerbe Becket served as the architect. Target had the approximately $260-million complex developed to provide one location of office space for 6,000 employees. The 14-story Target Plaza North has 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of office and retail space while the 32-story Target Plaza South has 1,250,000 square feet (116,000 m2) of space.[66]
Brian Cornell is the CEO of Target Corporation. In January 2016, Cornell began making home visits in an effort to understand better the needs and desires of his customers.[67] In January 2016, Target fired Tina Tyler from her job as chief stores officer. She was replaced with long-time employee Janna Potts.[68]
Diversity[edit]
The company states that "individuality may include a wide spectrum of attributes such as personal style, age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, language, physical ability, religion, family, citizenship status, socio-economic circumstances, education, and life experiences."[69]
The Target employee diversity initiative is called "All Together Target".[70] It specifically seeks to work with vendors and contractors that are owned by minorities or women.[71]
In February 2012, the company extended the team member discount to same-sex partners of employees. It had received a 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Score, prior to donating funds to Minnesota Forward.[72]
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has repeatedly given Target failing grades on its annual Economic Reciprocity Initiative report card, a measure of the company's "commitment to the African-American citizenry". In 2003 and 2005, the NAACP has rated Target an "F" on this report; in 2004, Target was rated a "D-".[73][74][75] In 2006, when Target was asked why it didn't participate in the survey again,[76] a representative explained, "Target views diversity as being inclusive of all people from all different backgrounds, not just one group."[77]
In February 2006, the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) filed a class action discrimination lawsuit in Northern California's Alameda County Superior Court, claiming that Target's commercial website contains "thousands of access barriers that make it difficult, if not impossible, for blind customers to use."[78] Target Corporation settled the lawsuit in October 2008, paying $6 million and agreeing to work with the NFB over the next three years improving the usability of the Target.com site.[79] August 24, 2009, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a discrimination lawsuit against Target Corporation for unlawfully denying reasonable accommodation to an employee with multiple disability-based impairments and substantially reducing his work hours due to the medical conditions.[80] According to the claims in the EEOC press release, Target's actions violated Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) and Title I of the Civil Rights Act of 1991.[81]
Philanthropy[edit]
Target Corporation is consistently ranked as one of the most philanthropic companies in the US. It ranked No. 22 in Fortune magazine's "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2010, largely in part to the donation efforts of the company as a whole.[82] According to a November 2005 Forbes article, it ranked as the highest cash-giving company in America in percentage of income given (2.1%).[83] Target donates around 5 percent of its pre-tax operating profit; it gives over $3 million a week (up from $2 million in years prior) to the communities in which it operates. It also gives a percentage of charges from its Target Visa to schools designated by the cardholders. To date, Target has given over $150 million to schools across the United States through this program.
Further evidence of Target's philanthropy can be found in the Target House complex in Memphis, Tennessee, a long-term housing solution for families of patients at the city's St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The corporation led the way with more than $27 million in donations, which made available 96 fully furnished apartments for families needing to stay at St. Jude over 90 days.
Target has a no-solicitation rule at its properties, as it seeks to provide a "distraction-free shopping experience for its guests." Exemptions to this policy were previously made for the Salvation Army red kettles and bell-ringers outside Target stores during the holidays through Christmas. In 2004, however, Target asked the organization to explore alternate methods to partner with Target. Target donates to local Salvation Army chapters through its grant program and annually to the United Way of America (the Salvation Army is a member of the United Way coalition).
In 2005, Target and the Salvation Army[84] created a joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Wish List", where online shoppers could donate goods to the organization for hurricane victims by buying them directly from Target.com between November 25, 2005, and January 25, 2006. In 2006, they created another joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Angel Giving Tree",[85] which is an online version of the Salvation Army's Angel Tree program;[86] in addition to donating proceeds made from the sales of limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornaments within Target's stores. During the Thanksgiving holiday of 2006, Target and the Salvation Army partnered with magician David Blaine to send several families on a shopping spree the morning of Black Friday. The challenge held that if Blaine could successfully work his way out of a spinning gyroscope by the morning of Black Friday, then several families would receive $500 shopping certificates. The challenge was completed successfully by Blaine.[87]
During disasters, Target has been a major benefactor for relief efforts. Target provided monetary and product donations during the September 11 attacks; it also donated money for relief efforts for the 2004 tsunami in South Asia and donated $1.5 million (US) to the American Red Cross in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It also allowed its store properties in the affected area to be used as command centers for relief organizations and donated supplies such as water and bug spray.
Target will often donate its unused, returned or seasonal merchandise (particularly clothing) to Goodwill Industries.
Environmental record[edit]
In 2007, Target Corporation agreed to reduce their sales on all materials containing polyvinyl chloride (PVC).[88] Testers found toxic lead and phthalates and large amounts of PVC in toys, lunchboxes, baby bibs, jewelry, garden hoses, mini blinds, Christmas trees, and electronics.[88] Several studies have shown that chemicals in vinyl chloride can cause serious health problems for children and adults.[88] The University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago states that people who use products containing PVC can become exposed with harmful toxic phthalates and lead, which eventually can become a big contributor with dioxins.[88] Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment, and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."[88] Other companies reducing the PVC on their shelves include Walmart, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, and Apple.[88] Target stores have been taking environmental measures by reusing materials within their stores and recycling products such as broken hangers, cardboard, and rechargeable batteries.[89] Target is beginning to reduce energy use with energy-efficient storefronts and reducing waste with recycling programs.[90] All Target stores in the United States use plastic carts with metal frames. In mid-2006, Target took it a step further when it began introducing a newer cart design made entirely of plastic. It also uses the same design in its hand-use baskets.[91]
Target released a 13-page report in 2007 that outlined their current and future plans for becoming more earth-friendly according to LEED. Such efforts include installing sand filtration systems for the stores' wastewater. Recycling programs will be aimed at garment hangers, corrugated cardboard, electronics, shopping carts, shrink wrap, construction wastes, carpeting and ceiling tiles and roofing materials. All stores in Oklahoma will be partnered with Oklahoma Gas & Electric to exclusively use wind power for all Target stores in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Stores nationwide use only LED and fluorescent lights and low-flow restrooms that reduce waste water by 30%. Some Target stores are installing roof gardens or green roofs, which absorb storm water and cut down on surface runoff, mitigate temperature fluctuations and provide habitats for birds. There are currently four green-roof Target stores in Chicago.
Target carries over 700 organic and alternative products from brands such as Archer Farms, Burt's Bees, and Method Products. They also sell clothes made from organic cotton, non-toxic cleaners, low-energy lighting and electronics, non-toxic and non-animal tested cosmetics, and furniture made from recycled materials. As of June 2007[update], Target has been offering reusable shopping bags as an alternative to disposable plastic bags. Target gift cards are made from corn-based resins. All of the stores' packaging is done with a modified paperboard/clamshell option and has goals for phasing out plastic wrap completely.[92]
In collaboration with MBH Architects, Target's first "green" building was a 100,000+ square foot Target store built in 1995 in Fullerton, California. It was a part of the EPA Energy Star Showcase for its use of skylights that cut the original energy consumption by 24% with a 5-year payback.[93] Target and MBH Architects were awarded the "Green Lights Partner/Ally of the Year Award".[94]
Target is the only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. In 2007, this program prevented 434 million hangers from entering landfills.
On June 15, 2009, the California Attorney General and 20 California District Attorneys filed a lawsuit in Alameda County alleging that Target stores across the state have been illegally dumping hazardous wastes in landfills.[95]
On October 1, 2009, Target Corporation agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty for importing and selling a variety of toys with lead paint levels that were higher than is legally allowed. The Consumer Products Safety Commission alleged that "Target knowingly imported and sold the illegal Chinese-made toys between May 2006 and August 2007."[96] A similar problem occurred a few months later in February 2010, when Target pulled Valentine's Day "message bears" from its shelves at the request of the California attorney general's office. The bears, which were manufactured in China, contained more lead than is permissible under federal law for children under 12.[97]
A class action suit was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, on behalf of consumers in Ohio that purchased Target-brand wet wipes. The lawsuit filed against Target Corporation alleges the retailer misled consumers by marking the packaging on its up & up® brand wipes as flushable and safe for sewer and septic systems. The lawsuit also alleges that so-called flushable wipes are a public health hazard because they are alleged to clog pumps at municipal waste-treatment facilities.[98]
Customer privacy[edit]
In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.[99][100] Compromised customer information included names, phone numbers, email and mailing addresses.[101] In March 2015, Target reached a class-action settlement with affected consumers for $10 million (plus class-action attorney fees).[102] In May 2016, Target settled with affected banks and credit unions for $39 million (plus class-action attorney fees), of which $19 million would be disbursed by a MasterCard program.[103]
Corporate identity[edit]
Logo[edit]
96% of American consumers recognize the Target Bullseye logo.[104]







Original Target logo (1962–67)









Second Target logo (1968–present)









Third Target logo (1975–2004) "primary", (1975–present) "secondary"









Fourth Target logo (2004–present)









Target Greatland logo (1990–2006)









Original SuperTarget logo (1995–2005)









Second SuperTarget logo (2006–present)









CityTarget logo (2012–15)









TargetExpress logo (2014–15)




Differentiation from competitors[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Target Corporation competes directly against other discount retailers, mainly Kmart and Walmart. Since its founding, it has intended to differentiate its stores from its competitors by offering what it believes is more upscale, trend-forward merchandise at lower costs, rather than the traditional concept of focusing on low-priced goods. Douglas J. Dayton, one of the Dayton brothers, explained John Geisse's concept:


“
"We will offer high-quality merchandise at low margins, because we are cutting expenses. We would much rather do this than trumpet dramatic price cuts on cheap merchandise."[58]
”


As a result, Target stores tend to attract younger customers than Walmart, among other competitors. The median Target shopper is 41, the youngest of all major discount retailers that Target competes directly against. The median household income of Target's customer base is roughly $63,000. Roughly 76% of Target customers are female, and more than 45% have children at home. About 80% have attended college and 48% have completed college.[105][106]
In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers. It planned to add perishables to their inventory, cut back on discretionary items, and spend three-quarters of their marketing budget on advertising that emphasizes value and includes actual prices of items featured in ads. Target also planned to slow its expansion from about 100 stores a year down to 70 stores a year.[107][108][109]
Target stores are designed to be more attractive than large big-box stores by having wider aisles, drop ceilings, a more attractive presentation of merchandise, and generally cleaner fixtures. Special attention is given to the design of the store environment: graphics reinforce its advertising imagery, while shelves are dressed with contemporary signage, backdrops, and liners, often printed on inexpensive material such as paper, corrugated and foam boards. Some stores, particularly those in the vicinity of major airports, have a bullseye painted on the roof that can be seen from above: the stores in Atlanta, Georgia near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport; Rosemont, Illinois, near O'Hare International Airport; Potomac Yard, Virginia, near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport; College Point, New York (Queens), east of LaGuardia Airport; and Richfield, Minnesota, adjacent to Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport are among such locations.[110] Target doesn't use music in its stores, nor does it promote items or services through its public address system.[citation needed]
Target stores do not sell firearms. In the early 1990s, they ceased sales of toy guns that looked realistic and limited its toy gun selection to ones that were brightly colored and oddly shaped. In 2014, Target also "respectfully" asked their guests to leave any firearms at home when visiting the store.[111] They do not sell tobacco products and have not sold cigarettes since 1996.[112]
Targét[edit]
Some people jokingly give Target the pseudo-French pronunciation /tɑːrˈʒeɪ/ tar-ZHAY, as though it were an upscale boutique. Though this practice is often attributed to Oprah Winfrey's usage on her television show, it is first attested in 1962, the year the first Target store opened. Target once sold a line of shoes called "Miss Targé"[113] this was reinforced by a 1980s television advertisement starring Didi Conn. This pronunciation has also led some people to incorrectly believe that the company is French-owned.[6] In recognition of the nickname's popularity and cachet, Target Corporation licensed its name and logo to Brand Central LLC in 2006, complete with accent over the letter "E" (though this is not correct French spelling) for a new line of clothing intended for more upscale fashion customers. The line, "Targét Couture", was originally sold at Los Angeles-based store Intuition, which deals with high-end brands.[114][115]
Nomenclature[edit]
Target uses a practice that was derived in 1989 from The Walt Disney Company[6] by calling its customers "Guests", its employees "Team Members", and its supervisors "Team Leaders". Also, managers are known as "Executive Team Leaders (ETLs)" and the Store Manager is known as the "Store Team Leader (STL)". Further up the "chain of command" are "District Team Leaders (DTL)", "Group Team Leaders (GTL)", Regional Team Leaders (RTL) (sometimes also Regional Vice President), and finally corporate-level executives.
Product lines and partnerships[edit]
Target has many exclusive deals with various designers and name brands, including Finnish design company Marimekko; architect Michael Graves; athletic wear company Converse; Italian fashion label Fiorucci; fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, Liz Lange, Mossimo Giannulli, and Isaac Mizrahi, among others. To further increase their fashion profile, Target also created its fashion-forward Go International line, which hires famous designers to design collections available only for a few months.[116]
Target, after hiring architect Michael Graves to design the scaffolding used to renovate the Washington Monument and contributing $6 million USD to the restoration plan, introduced its first designer line of products in 1999, the Michael Graves Collection of housewares and home decor products.[116] Walmart and Kmart have followed Target's lead by signing exclusive designers to their stores as well. Target also partners with well-established national brands to create exclusive collections for its stores.[116]
Target also signed an exclusive deal with Food Network to sell VHS tapes of TV shows featuring popular chefs such as Alton Brown, Paula Deen, and Rachael Ray.[when?][citation needed]
In 2005, Target introduced a major revision of prescription bottles, which it calls the ClearRx system. The redesigned bottles are color-coded, flattened-out and turned upside down, providing more room for the label. This system was based on the patent[117] by student Deborah Adler and was named one of TIME's "Most Amazing Inventions of 2005".[118]
Sometimes manufacturers will create red-colored items exclusively for Target. In 2002, Nintendo produced a red special edition variant of the Game Boy Advance, which featured the Target logo above the screen.[119]
In 2005, IFC began a partnership with Target to promote a selection of independent films, both in Target stores and on IFC Monday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern. Originally titled IFC Cinema Red, the promotion was rebranded on-air as The Spotlight in 2007. The in-store headers refer to the selected titles as IFC Indies – Independent films chosen for Target by the Independent Film Channel.[120]
In 2016, Target began to enforce gender neutrality in its marketing of toys, and no longer explicitly listed specific toys as being for "boys" or "girls". This practice was expanded with the February 2016 launch of a new children's decor line, Pillowfort, which will replace its Circo brand and feature more gender-neutral designs and color schemes.[121]
Gift cards[edit]
The Target GiftCard is the retailing division's stored-value card or gift card. Target sells more gift cards than any other retailer in the United States and is one of the top sellers, by dollars and units, in the world.[122] The unique designs of their cards contribute to their higher sales, as well as Target's policy of no expiration dates or service fees.[123] Past and current designs include lenticular, "scratch and sniff" (such as peppermint during the Christmas season), glow in the dark, LED light-up, a gift card on the side of a bubble blower, a gift card that can function as a CD-ROM, and even a gift card that allows the sender to record a voice message. A current environmentally friendly gift card is made from bioplastic manufactured from corn.[124] Target rolled out a new MP3 player gift card for the 2006 holiday season. It holds 12 songs and must be purchased with an initial value of at least $50.
Beginning in January 2010, Target Stores rolled out Mobile GiftCards, through which one can produce a GiftCard barcode on any web-capable cell phone. This data matrix barcode can be scanned at a Target POS like any physical card barcode, and balances can be stored, retrieved, and gifted with the convenience of a cell phone.[citation needed]
Some of these unique design ideas are patented, and these patents are assigned to the Target Brands subsidiary. For example, some such Target GiftCard designs feature a wooden front side. On May 24, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted U.S. patent D505,450 for the "ornamental design for a credit or stored value card with wood layer" to inventors Amy L. Lauer and John D. Mayhew.[125] U.S. patent 7004398, for the "stored-value card assembly including a stored-value card, an edible product, and a wrapper", was granted to Michael R. Francis and Barry C. Brooks on February 28, 2006.[126] Both patents have been assigned by their inventors to Target Brands, Inc.
Target GiftCards are also collectors items. Some of the first gift cards issued are valued at over $300 (even though the card doesn't have any money on it). Every year, Target introduces new Holiday GiftCards. In 2007, Target's Holiday GiftCards featured a wind-up flashlight, a musical gift card, a gift card that lights up, and a scented gift card.
Target Forensic Services[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2006, The Washington Post revealed that Target is operating two sophisticated criminal forensics laboratories, one at its headquarters and the other in Las Vegas.[127] Originally, the lab was created with the role of investigating internal instances of theft, fraud, and other criminal actions that have occurred on its own properties. Eventually, the company began offering pro bono services to law enforcement agencies across the country. Target's Forensic Services has assisted agencies at all levels of government, including such federal agencies as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Secret Service. In fact, the labs have become such a popular resource for law enforcement that Target has had to restrict its assistance to violent felonies.[128][129]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
Animal welfare concerns[edit]
In 2011, Mercy for Animals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing cruelty to farmed animals and promoting compassionate food choices and policies, uncovered animal abuse at a Target egg supplier.[130] Hidden-camera footage shot at Sparboe Farms—a significant egg supplier to Hy-Vee, McDonald's, Sam's Club, SuperValu, and Target—revealed hens crammed into filthy wire cages, unable to fully stretch their wings or engage in most other natural behaviors. The investigator documented workers burning off chicks' beaks without painkillers, torturing animals, and throwing live birds into plastic bags and leaving them to suffocate. Dead hens were left to rot alongside birds that were still laying eggs for human consumption.[citation needed]
The investigation received international media attention; it aired first on ABC's Good Morning America,[131] World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer,[132] and 20/20.[133] As a result of the investigation and the public outcry that followed, Target immediately discontinued its relationship with the company.[134][135][136] Moreover, in January 2016, Target Corp. announced that it will discontinue the use of eggs from caged hens, and become entirely cage-free by the year 2025.[137]
"Bathroom policy" and boycott[edit]
In April 2016, Target announced on its website that it would allow transgender customers and employees access to use restrooms and changing areas that correspond with the gender with which they identify, except where local laws require otherwise. The New York Times called this "the most prominent position taken by a national retailer".[138] In response, the American Family Association (AFA) launched a nationwide boycott; by April 28 about one million people had signed the AFA's petition.[139][140] Numerous other faith groups responded with criticism, although some were more measured.[citation needed] Target saw a drop in consumer polls, from 42% to 38%, around the time the policy was announced.[141] In mid-May, CEO Cornell said the boycott impacted "just a handful of stores across the country".[142] Some observers, such as Fortune's Phil Wahba, believed that Target's bathroom policy may have caused part of Target's drop in shopper traffic during the second quarter of 2016. On August 17, Target announced it would add a third, private, single-stall locking bathroom at many of its stores.[143] In 2017, Cornell claimed not to know about, or have approved, the policy before it was published. The policy cost the business US$20 million and caused sales to fall nearly 6% in the three quarters following.[144][143]
Major sponsorships[edit]




The Target Chip Ganassi Racing IndyCar visiting Purdue University







This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Events[edit]

Target often supports major awards shows, such as the Emmys, Golden Globes, Grammys, and Oscars.
Target Corporation is a major sponsor of the annual Minneapolis Aquatennial, where it hosts the Target Fireworks Show, the largest annual fireworks show west of the Mississippi River and the fourth largest annual fireworks show in the United States.[145]
Target was a sponsor of the 2006–2007 New Year's Times Square Ball Drop and had its logo placed on the confetti dropped during the celebrations as well as specially designed "2007" glasses.[146]

Sports[edit]
Chip Ganassi Racing[edit]
Target is a long-time sponsor of the IndyCar and NASCAR racing teams of Chip Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target's relationship with Ganassi in IndyCar go back to 1990 when it began sponsoring Eddie Cheever. Some of their most famous drivers in the 1990s include Michael Andretti, Bryan Herta, and Arie Luyendyk. In the late 1990s, Target Chip Ganassi Racing had a four-year run of winning championships in CART, winning 1996 with Jimmy Vasser, 1997 and 1998 with Alex Zanardi, and 1999 with Juan Pablo Montoya.[citation needed] Ganassi won their first Indianapolis 500 in 2000. The team moved full-time into the rival Indy Racing League in 2003,[citation needed] and won in its first year of full-time competition, with Scott Dixon. Dixon won the championship again in 2008. The 2009 season marked the 20th anniversary of the Target race program. Franchitti won his second career IndyCar championship, and with Scott Dixon finishing second, gave Target a one-two sweep in the IndyCar Series. Dixon and Franchitti won 10 of 17 races (Dixon-5, Franchitti-5) and tied the team record from 1998 where Alex Zanardi and Jimmy Vasser combined to win 10 in the 19-race 1998 CART season. In 2010, Franchitti won the Indianapolis 500. He also won the series championship for the Target team, by five points over second-place finisher Will Power.[citation needed]
Target started sponsoring stock cars in 2001 with Sterling Marlin when Chip Ganassi bought into the Felix Sabates stock car team.[citation needed] In the 2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season, the No. 41 Chip Ganassi Target car was driven by Jimmy Spencer, and from 2003 to 2005, Casey Mears drove the car. In 2006, Reed Sorenson took over the No. 41 when Mears moved to a different Chip Ganassi car on the same team. Sorenson drove the car through the 2008 season, and Target has also had some major sponsorship time on the Ganassi Racing No. 40 car with Dario Franchitti and Jeremy Mayfield who subbed for the injured Franchitti. The 40 team has since been shut down. For 2009, the Target sponsorship moved to the No. 42 driven by Juan Pablo Montoya with the newly formed Earnhardt Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target also sponsored Earnhardt Ganassi Racing's No. 8 car driven by Aric Almirola, which it co-sponsors in some races with other sponsors such as Guitar Hero and TomTom until the team was disbanded in May 2009. Kyle Larson took over the No. 42 in 2014 and Target sponsored the No. 51 of Phoenix Racing for Larson's Sprint Cup Series debut.[147]
The Target Chip Ganassi[148] car driven by Dario Franchitti won the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday, May 30, 2010.[149]
Target will be ending its association with IndyCar racing at the end of the 2016 season.[150]
Minnesota United FC[edit]
In January 2017, Minnesota United FC, a Major League Soccer expansion team debuting for the 2017 Season, announced that Target would be the team's front-of-jersey match kit sponsor, as well as sponsoring MLS overall. This brings one of the largest sponsors in the league, especially for an expansion team making its debut appearance. The team also has an advantage of having a large, well-known hometown brand versus an entity outside the region, in addition to the financial benefits of such a large sponsor.
Naming rights[edit]
Target owns the naming rights to the Target Center and Target Field in Minneapolis.
Radio[edit]
Target is the founding sponsor of the Weekend America radio program.
See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Design For All (product line)

References[edit]


^ a b "2016 Annual Report" (PDF). corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 29, 2017. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Annual Report". corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d Tuttle, Brad. "Why Target Is Focusing on Millennials and Cities Instead of Suburban Moms". MONEY.com. Retrieved October 12, 2016. 
^ Leinward, Paul; Mainardi, Cesare (December 15, 2010). "Why Can’t Kmart Be Successful While Target and Walmart Thrive?". Harvard Business Review. Harvard Business Publishing. Retrieved March 17, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n "Target Corporation History". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25067-8. 
^ a b "Lipman Wolfe and Co.". Pdxhistory.com. June 24, 2006. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "History of Lechmere Inc. – FundingUniverse". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ Richard Halverson (May 2, 1994). "Ulrich moving up at DH: speculation mounts about naming a successor – Robert Ulrich becomes chairman of Dayton Hudson Corp". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c "1962–1992 Dayton's dream is on Target". Discount Store News. April 20, 1992. [permanent dead link]
^ Sidney Rutberg (February 1984). "Plums fall doesn't cause too many shock waves". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ "Dayton Hudson, sour on Plums, sells its 11-month-old off-pricer". Discount Store News. March 19, 1984. Archived from the original on July 13, 2012. 
^ "Dayton-Hudson In Dillard Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target closes Everyday Hero in Mall of America". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. September 11, 1997. 
^ "Target Stores to Close Experimental [sic] Clearance Outlets". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved July 27, 2005. 
^ "Unsolicited J.C. Penney Offer Rejected By Dayton Hudson". The Seattle Times. April 25, 1996. 
^ a b c "Target Corporation 2000 Annual Report" (PDF). Target Corporation. 
^ "MPR PARENT SELLS RIVERTOWN TRADING CO. TO DAYTON HUDSON". Archived from the original on July 2, 2006. Retrieved July 12, 2014. 
^ a b "Associated Merchandising Corporation". The American Chamber of Commerce in Thailand. 
^ "Target buys Fedco for SuperT". Discount Store News. July 26, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target may step up NE rollouts; debuts long-awaited e-tail site". Discount Store News. September 20, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ a b "Target is the name". Discount Store News. February 21, 2000. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target Corporation 2001 Annual Report". Target Corporation. 
^ a b "Global Team: Bangalore". Target. Archived from the original on March 9, 2013. 
^ "Target Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share $1.29". Target Corporation. February 27, 2007. 
^ "Target admits it missed the mark, but what does it mean for Canadian retail? - Business - CBC News". Cbc.ca. January 15, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Hey Target, here's how you expand into Canada, courtesy of Wal-Mart". Macleans.ca. August 20, 2014. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "Target can't get out of Canada fast enough". Fortune.com. April 2, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Target Corp’s spectacular Canada flop: A gold standard case study for what retailers shouldn’t do | Financial Post". Business.financialpost.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "News Releases: Hot Off the Press & Archives | Target Corporate". Pressroom.target.ca. Archived from the original on April 30, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c "Target Through the Years". Target Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b "Target Launches Smaller CityTarget Stores To Appeal To Urban Shoppers". The Huffington Post. AOL. July 18, 2012. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Target’s 2016 store plan: urban, urban and more urban". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. December 23, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "New Store, Big City: Target to Open in Queens, N.Y., in 2016". Target Corporation. August 26, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target, Starbucks agree to add coffee shops to new Target stores". Louisville Business First. American City Business Journals. October 11, 2002. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Wanba, Phil (February 3, 2016). "CVS Opens First Pharmacies Within Target Stores". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target to add ‘PFresh’ grocery concept at 350 stores". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. November 18, 2006. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (August 13, 2010). "Target Closing All Remaining Garden Centers". Consumerist. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Moore, Paula (January 7, 2011). "Target to roll out ‘PFresh’ concept store at Belmar center in Lakewood". Denver Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Zimmerman, Ann (May 12, 2009). "Target Believes a Rebound Recipe Is in Grocery Aisle". Wall Street Journal. News Corp. Retrieved March 10, 2006. 
^ "E-Trade closes trading stations". San Francisco Business Times. American City Business Journals. June 6, 2003. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target Corporation Company Statistics". Statistic Brain Research Institute. September 3, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Harris, Elizabeth (January 16, 2014). "Target Tests Small Store for Urban Shoppers as Young People Pick Cities Over Suburbs". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Halter, Nick (August 4, 2015). "Target's dropping its TargetExpress and CityTarget names for small stores". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved August 26, 2015. 
^ "Dinkytown mini-Target store will open in July" Archived September 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Chusman & Wakefield Retail Services. July 7, 2014.
^ Trinh, Jean (October 17, 2015). "Target Stores Planned For Koreatown And Near USC". LAist. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Keeping Things Simple: Rebranding our CityTarget and TargetExpress Stores". A Bullseye View. Target Corporation. August 4, 2015. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Vendor Compliance". Target Corporation. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ "Target up & up Brand Offers Great Quality at Low Prices". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "up & up". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "Target aims for stars with new kids apparel brand Cat & Jack". Star Tribune. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Target.com Site Info". Alexa Internet. Retrieved February 16, 2017. 
^ "Site Profile for target.com (rank #28) | Compete". Siteanalytics.compete.com. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "Target to Build and Manage New Target.com Platform / Target Corp". Target. August 7, 2009. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target.com Announces Vendor Partners for Re-platforming Effort / Target Corp". Target. January 11, 2010. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Launches Redesigned E-Commerce Website / Target Corp". Target. August 23, 2011. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Corporate Fact Sheet". corporate.target.com. Retrieved May 31, 2016. 
^ a b From Roseville to Greatland, Target still hits the mark[permanent dead link], Discount Store News, September 17, 1990.
^ "Target Meets With Suppliers About RFID Plans". InformationWeek. August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target announces workforce reduction". January 29, 2009. 
^ a b c "Target aims for FL food distribution center". Refrigerated Transporter. February 1, 2007. 
^ a b c "Target Stores, Target Distribution Centers". Target. 
^ Target Lights create evolving Minneapolis landmark, Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal, April 11, 2003.
^ "Target Mpls skyline light show to go high def". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. May 13, 2011. Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ "Corporate Headquarters Archived November 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.." Target Corporation. Retrieved on July 8, 2010. "Target Corporate Headquarters 1000 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55440"
^ "Target Office Towers." City of Minneapolis. Retrieved on July 8, 2010.
^ Crosby, jACKIE (January 20, 2016). "Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting homes of customers". Star Tribune. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Ziobro, Paul (January 19, 2016). "Home Depot Replaces Head of U.S. Stores Business". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Diversity Statement Archived June 29, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation.
^ Target Diversity website, Target Corporation.
^ "Supplier Diversity: Minority and Women Business Development Program". Target Corporation. 
^ "Profile: Target Corp.". Human Rights Campaign. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "NAACP 2005 Industry Surveys Give Five Major Industries "C" and "D" Grades". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "2006 General Merchandising Industry Report Card". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original on November 30, 2006. 
^ Erin Texeira (July 18, 2006). "NAACP Issues Corporate Report Cards". The Washington Post. Associated Press. 
^ Meyers, Michelle. "Blind patrons sue Target for site inaccessibility – CNET News". CNET. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Alexander, Steve (August 27, 2008). "Target settles suit over Web access". Star Tribune. Archived from the original on October 15, 2012. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "EEOC Sues Target For Disability Discrimination". ABC. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 1, 2013. 
^ "Target Stores Sued For Disability Discrimination". Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "World's Most Admired Companies". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2010. 
^ The Most Charitable Companies, Forbes, November 14, 2005.
^ Target and The Salvation Army Announce Partnership Archived February 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2005.
^ Target Launches Multi-Faceted Christmas Partnership With The Salvation Army Archived November 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2006.
^ Salvation Army Giving Tree Archived November 28, 2005, at the Wayback Machine., Target.com.
^ Magician David Blaine Ends Latest Stunt by Escaping From Gyroscope in NYC, FOXNews.com, November 24, 2006.
^ a b c d e f "Target Stores to Phase Out Vinyl Plastic Products". Environment News Service. November 12, 2007. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Target Corporation 2006 Awards. Retrieved May 4, 2008 Archived April 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Green Commerce Is Good Commerce". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ plasticsdesign.org
^ Target Corporation. "Environmental Responsibility." Target Corporation Responsibility Report Archived May 29, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. June 2007. Date Accessed: April 16, 2008
^ Dobrovolny, Peter. "Sustainability: High Performance Buildings Deliver Increased Retail Sales." Seattle.gov. Date accessed: March 17, 2008
^ Brookter, Carolyn. "Target receives National Energy-efficiency award; EPA Partnerships Signify Commitment to Environment and Communities Archived May 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.." Business Wire. June 4, 1996. Date accessed: April 16, 2008.
^ "Attorney general targets Target". Press-Banner. Scotts Valley, Calif. June 26, 2009. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target penalized for toys with lead paint, AZ Central. August 1, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Target Bears Recall (Photo) "Message Bears" for Valentine's Day Pulled". National Ledger. February 10, 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2010. 
^ Lorenzo B. Cellini; Tycko & Zavareei LLP (April 18, 2014). "Class Action Lawsuit Alleges That Target-Brand Flushable Wipes Are Not Suitable For Flushing And Can Clog Pipes And Damage Sewer And Septic Systems". The National Law Review. Retrieved April 19, 2014. 
^ "Target says data breach up to 110 mn customers Archived January 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.." AFP. Retrieved on December 27, 2013.
^ "Target confirms encrypted PIN data stolen." USA Today. Retrieved on May 23, 2015.
^ "Target: Breach affected millions more customers" Yahoo! Finance. Retrieved on May 22, 2015.
^ Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery (March 19, 2015). "Target will pay hack victims $10 million". CNNMoney. 
^ "Target Data Breach Settlement With Banks Gets Final OK". Bloomberg BNA/Bloomberg Law. Retrieved May 21, 2016. 
^ "10 Things You Didn’t Know about Target". Retrieved February 13, 2017.  ("Sure, 96 percent of people may recognize the Target Bullseye logo,")
^ "Community of Grand Forks". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on December 19, 2007. Retrieved June 11, 2007. 
^ "Corporate Fact Card" (PDF). Target Corporation. October 10, 2007. 
^ "Value For Money Is Back – Target Does Marketing Right". Marketing Doctor Blog. October 23, 2008. Archived from the original on January 12, 2009. 
^ "Target to emphasize value, add perishables". Market Watch. October 23, 2008. 
^ "Earnings Preview – Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)". iStockAnalyst. November 15, 2008. 
^ "Target on roof top in Rosemont, IL". Google Maps. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ "Cheers, grumbles for Target no guns request". USA Today. 
^ Corporate Responsibility Report (PDF) Archived July 16, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation, January 31, 2006.
^ davek70s (September 1, 2011). "Target 1970". YouTube. Retrieved November 29, 2016. 
^ Mui, Ylan Q. (June 20, 2006). "Where "Target" Will Always Be "Tar-Zhay"". The Washington Post. 
^ "Gabrielle Union Demonstrating New Targét Couture Line at Brand's Launch Day". celebutopia.net. 
^ a b c Is Target making a Graves mistake? Archived March 12, 2007, at the Wayback Machine., Discount Store News, February 8, 1999.
^ US patent application 20030214129: Medication packaging and labeling system, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Best Inventions 2005: Healthy Options, Time, November 21, 2005.
^ Target Gets Exclusive New GBA Color!, Nintendo World Report, Billy Berghammer, November 25, 2002.
^ Target welcomes indies Archived April 24, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., BNET, July 2006.
^ "Target takes gender-neutral approach with new kids home brand". Star-Tribune. Retrieved February 8, 2006. 
^ Target Corporation’s Third Quarter Earnings Release conference call, Securities Information from the SEC EDGAR database, November 11, 2004.
^ "About GiftCards: GiftCards". Target. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target's Bioplastic Gift Card, treehugger, January 31, 2006.
^ US design patent D505,450: Credit or stored value card with wood layer, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ U.S. Patent 7,004,398: Stored-value card with edible product, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Office of the Arizona Attorney General (2006). Target Corporation Assets Protection (PDF). 
^ "Retailer Target Branches Out Into Police Work". The Washington Post. January 29, 2006. 
^ "Target sets sights on hard-to-crack cases". CNN. February 9, 2006. 
^ "McDonald's Cruelty: The Rotten Truth About Egg McMuffins". Mercy For Animals. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ "ABC News Investigation: What's In Your Breakfast". ABC News Good Morning America. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's - Friday, November 18, 2011". ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Galli, Cindy. "McDonald's, Target Dump Egg Supplier After Investigation". ABC News 20/20. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Ford, Dana. "McDonald's, Target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report". CNN. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ Hughlett, Mike. "McDonald's, Target fire Minnesota egg company". Star Tribune. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's Drops Large McMuffin Egg Supplier". ABC News. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "Target stores switching to cage-free eggs by 2025". Chicago Sun-Times. January 20, 2016. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 27, 2016). "Target Steps Out in Front of Bathroom Choice Debate". The New York Times. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "More than 700,000 pledge to boycott Target over transgender bathroom policy". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ Wahba, Phil (April 28, 2016). "Nearly 1 Million Sign Pledge to Boycott Target Over Bathroom Policy". Fortune. Retrieved May 2, 2016. 
^ "Target brand perception falls, but it's not 'catastrophic'". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ "Target Says Boycotts Over Bathroom Policy Not Hurting Sales". Fortune. May 18, 2016. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ a b "Target's Transgender-Friendly Bathroom Policy Is Costing It $20 Million". Fortune. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hayley Peterson (April 6, 2017). "The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided". Yahoo! News. Business Insider. 
^ "Target Fireworks Show". 2011 Minneapolis Aquatennial. July 23, 2011. Archived from the original on January 21, 2013. 
^ "A Very Confetti New Year's". TIME. January 2, 2007. 
^ Ryan, Nate (October 1, 2013). "Kyle Larson to make Sprint Cup debut at Charlotte". USA Today. Retrieved October 14, 2013. 
^ "Target Ganassi Racing Sponsors". Chip Ganassi Racing. Archived from the original on March 25, 2013. 
^ "Franchitti Savors Sweet Second Indianapolis 500 Victory". Indianapolis Motor Speedway. May 30, 2010. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Cavin, Curt (August 22, 2016). "Going Off Target". Autoweek: 42–44. 


Bibliography[edit]

Leebrick, Kristal (2013). Dayton's: A Twin Cities Institution.
Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-Eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-25067-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Target Corporation.



Official website retailing website

Target Corporation corporate website
Target International Shopping Page
The Associated Merchandising Corporation





Business data for Target Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Growth of Target, 1962–2008
Political contributions and lobbying from the National Institute on Money in State Politics







v
t
e


Target Corporation



Current assets



Target
SuperTarget
Flexible format Target





Former assets



B. Dalton
Dayton's
Diamond's
Hudson's
John A. Brown
Lipman's
Lechmere
Marshall Field's
Mervyn's
Target Canada





Brands



Design For All
Go International
Mossimo





Key people



George Dayton
John Geisse
Douglas Dayton
Bob Ulrich
Gregg Steinhafel
Brian Cornell





Related



Bullseye
History
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.
Target Plaza South












v
t
e


Marshall Field's



Parent companies



Batus Inc.
Dayton-Hudson/Target Corporation
The May Department Stores Company
Federated Department Stores/Macy's Inc.





Associated stores



Frederick & Nelson
The Crescent
Ivey's





Store conversions



Dayton's
Hudson's





Related



Marshall Field
Marshall Field's Wholesale Store
Marshall Field and Company Building
Marshall Field and Company Store
Frango












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Supermarket chains in the United States



Kroger



Baker's Supermarkets
City Market
Dillons
Food 4 Less

Foods Co.


Fred Meyer
Fry's Food & Drug
Gerbes Super Markets
Harris Teeter
Jay C
King Soopers
Kroger
Owen's
Pay Less Super Markets
QFC
Ralphs
Roundy's (Pick 'n Save, Mariano's, Metro Market, Copp's)
Ruler Foods
Scott's
Smith's





Albertsons



Acme Markets
Albertsons
Amigos
Carrs
Haggen
Jewel-Osco
Lucky
Market Street
Pavilions
Randalls
Safeway
Shaw's and Star Market
Super Saver
Tom Thumb
United Supermarkets
Vons





SuperValu



County Market
Cub
Farm Fresh
Hornbacher's
Shop 'n Save
Shoppers





Ahold Delhaize



Food Lion
Giant-Carlisle
Giant-Landover
Hannaford Brothers Company
Martin's Food Markets
Stop & Shop





Southeastern Grocers



BI-LO
Fresco y Más
Harveys Supermarkets
Winn-Dixie





Wakefern



PriceRite
ShopRite
The Fresh Grocer





Other national chains



Target
Walmart





Regional chains





Asian




GW Supermarket
H Mart
Hong Kong Supermarket
Island Pacific Supermarket
Lion Supermarket
Marina Food
Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
Mitsuwa Marketplace
Nijiya Market
Seafood City
Shun Fat Supermarket
Tawa

99 Ranch Market
168 Market


Uwajimaya






Hispanic




Bravo
El Ahorro Supermarket
Fiesta Foods
Fiesta Mart
La Perla Tapatía Supermarkets
Más Club
Mi Pueblo Food Center
Supermercados Teloloapan
Vallarta Supermarkets






Organic




Earth Fare
Natural Grocers
Sprouts Farmers Market
Trader Joe's
Whole Foods Market






Wholesale




BJ's Wholesale Club
Cash & Carry
Costco
Sam's Club






Conventional




Acme Fresh Market
Aldi
Amigo
Balducci's
Bashas'
Best Market
Big Y
Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
Bristol Farms
Brookshire Brothers
Brookshire Grocery Company
Buehler Food Markets Inc.
C-Town Supermarkets
Central Market
D&W Fresh Market
Dave's Markets
Dean & DeLuca
DeMoulas Market Basket
Dierbergs Markets
Don Quijote

Times Supermarkets


Dorothy Lane Market
Easy-Way Store
Econofoods
Family Fare
Fairway Market
Fareway
Festival Foods
Festival Foods (Minnesota)
Food Giant
Food City
Foodarama
FoodLand
Foodtown

Pathmark


Gelson's
Gerland Corporation
Giant Eagle
Grand Mart
Gristedes
Grocery Outlet
Harmons
Harps Food Stores
H-E-B
Heinen's Fine Foods
Highland Park Market
Homeland
Houchens
Hugo's
Hy-Vee
IGA
Ingles
Inserra Supermarkets
Jerry's Foods
Jungle Jim's International Market
Karns Quality Foods
Key Food

Super Fresh
The Food Emporium


King Kullen
Kings Super Markets
Kuhn's Quality Foods
Lewis Food Town
Lidl
Lowe's Market
Lowes Foods
Lund Food Holdings
Magruder's
Marc's
Market Basket
Market of Choice
Marsh Supermarkets
Martin's Super Markets
Meijer
Met Foods
Miracle Mart
Mollie Stone's Markets
Morton Williams
New Seasons Market
Niemann Foods
No Frills Supermarkets
Nugget Markets
PCC Natural Markets
Petrini's
Piggly Wiggly
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
Pink Dot
Price Chopper / Price Mart
Price Chopper Supermarkets
Publix
Pueblo
Raley's Supermarkets
Red Owl
Redner's Markets
Remke Markets
Rice Epicurean Markets
Ridley's Family Markets
Roche Bros.
Rosauers Supermarkets
Rouses
Russ's Market
Save-A-Lot
Save Mart Supermarkets
SaveRite
Schnucks
Scolari's Food and Drug
Seafood City
Sedano's
Sellers Bros.
Sendik's Food Market
Sentry Foods
Seven Mile Market
Shop 'n Save
Smart & Final
SpartanNash
Stanley Stores
Star Market
Stater Bros.
Stew Leonard's
Strack & Van Til
Straub's Markets
Sullivan Family of Companies

Foodland Hawaii


Supermercados Econo
Supermercados Selectos
Super Dollar Discount Foods
Super One Foods
Super Saver Foods (B&R Stores)
The Fresh Market
Tops Friendly Markets
United Grocery Outlet
URM Stores
Valu King
Victory Supermarkets
Village Market Food Center
Weaver Street Market
Wegmans
Weis Markets
Westborn Market
Western Beef
WinCo Foods
Woodman's Markets
Yoke's Fresh Market
Zabar's
Zupan's Markets








Defunct banners



A-Mart
A&P

Food Basics
Pathmark
Waldbaum's


ABCO Foods
Alpha Beta
Andronico's
AppleTree Markets
Belle Foods
Big Bear Stores
Big Star Markets
Bloom
Bottom Dollar Food
Bruno's
Buttrey Food & Drug
Byrd's
Carter's Foods
Chatham
Clemens Markets
Colonial Stores
Dahl's Foods
Daniel Reeves Stores
David's Supermarkets
Davis Food City
Delchamps
Deskins
Dick's Supermarket
Dominick's
Eagle Food Centers
Eberhard's
Eisner Food Stores
Farmer Jack
Felpausch
Finast
Fisher Foods
Food Fair
Food World
Food-a-rama
Fresh & Easy
Furr's
Genuardi's
Giant Open Air
Glen's Markets
Grand Union
Hamady Brothers
Henry's Farmers Market
Hills Supermarkets
Hinky Dinky
Jitney Jungle
Johnnie's Foodmaster
Kessel Food Markets
Laneco
Marketside
Mars
Minyard Food Stores
National Supermarkets
National Tea
Omni Superstore
Penn Fruit
Penn Traffic
Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets
Plus
Purity Supreme
Quality Markets
QFI
Red Food
Reid's
Schaffer Stores Company
Seaway Food Town
Seessel's
Simon David
Skaggs Companies
Southern Family Markets
Sunflower Farmers Market
Sunflower Market
Super Duper
Sweetbay Supermarket
Tidyman's
Twin Valu
Ukrop's Super Markets
Warehouse Economy Outlet
Weingarten's
Wild Oats Markets
Xpect Discounts








List of supermarket chains in the United States









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140993075
ISNI: 0000 0004 0437 6013










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Target_Corporation&oldid=791973527"					
Categories: Target CorporationCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies established in 1902Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies of the United States1902 establishments in MinnesotaSuperstores in the United StatesDiscount stores of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1962Pharmacies of the United StatesHealth care companies based in MinnesotaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from April 2017Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from February 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from June 2007Articles with a promotional tone from April 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from October 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011Articles with unsourced statements from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from April 2017Articles needing additional references from December 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesiaಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 17:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Target Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Target Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Target Corp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the defunct Canadian subsidiary, see Target Canada. For the separate Australian company, see Target Australia.

Target Corporation





Target Corporation headquarters in Minneapolis




Formerly called

Goodfellow Dry Goods
(1902–1962)



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TGT
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
June 24, 1902; 115 years ago (1902-06-24)


Founder
George Dayton


Headquarters
Target Plaza North
Target Plaza South
1000 Nicollet Mall, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.



Number of locations

1,802 stores[1] (2016)



Area served

United States (except Vermont)



Key people

Brian Cornell
(Chairman and CEO)
John Mulligan
(EVP and COO)


Products
Beauty and health products; bedding; clothing and accessories; electronics; food; furniture; housewares; jewelry; gardening supplies; pet supplies; shoes; sporting goods; toys/games; small appliances; Office Supplies; Books


Revenue
 US$69.495 billion[2] (2016)



Operating income

 US$4.969 billion[2] (2016)



Net income

 US$2.737 billion[2] (2016)


Total assets
 US$37.431 billion[2] (2016)


Total equity
 US$10.953 billion[2] (2016)



Number of employees

341,000 (2016)


Subsidiaries



Financial and Retail Services
Target Sourcing Services





Website



www.target.com
corporate.target.com





Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.
Target established itself as the highest-earning division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.[3] The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Canadian subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States.
As of 2017, Target operates 1,806[1] stores throughout the United States. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "flexible format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding. Target is often recognized for its emphasis on "the needs of its younger, image-conscious shoppers," whereas its rival Walmart more heavily relies on its strategy of "always low prices."[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 1960s and 1970s
1.3 1980s and 1990s
1.4 2000s and 2010s


2 Store formats

2.1 Target
2.2 SuperTarget
2.3 Flexible format Target


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 Financial and Retail Services
3.2 Target Sourcing Services
3.3 Private label brands
3.4 Website


4 Distribution centers
5 Corporate affairs

5.1 Headquarters
5.2 Diversity
5.3 Philanthropy
5.4 Environmental record
5.5 Customer privacy


6 Corporate identity

6.1 Logo
6.2 Differentiation from competitors
6.3 Targét
6.4 Nomenclature
6.5 Product lines and partnerships
6.6 Gift cards


7 Target Forensic Services
8 Criticism and controversy

8.1 Animal welfare concerns
8.2 "Bathroom policy" and boycott


9 Major sponsorships

9.1 Events
9.2 Sports

9.2.1 Chip Ganassi Racing


9.3 Minnesota United FC

9.3.1 Naming rights


9.4 Radio


10 See also
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of Target Corporation
Early history[edit]




Dayton's Department Store in 1903


The Westminster Presbyterian Church from downtown Minneapolis burned down during the Panic of 1893. Without insurance coverage to cover the financial loss, the congregation found itself unable to rebuild. The church appealed to parishioner George Dayton to purchase an empty corner lot adjacent to the original church in its possession; funds raised from the property's sale allowed the church to rebuild and Dayton constructed a six-story building on his newly purchased property.[5]
Dayton convinced the Reuben Simon Goodfellow Company to move its nearby Goodfellows department store into the newly erected building in 1902, although its owner retired altogether and sold his interest in the store to Dayton.[6] The store was renamed the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1903, and was shortened to the Dayton Company in 1910.[5] The company made its first expansion with the acquisition of the Minneapolis-based jeweler J.B. Hudson & Son right before the Wall Street Crash of 1929; its jewelry store operated in a net loss during the Great Depression, but its department store weathered the economic crisis. Dayton died in 1938 and was succeeded by his son Nelson as the president of the $14 million business.[5] Nelson died in 1950 and was replaced by his own son Donald, who with his cousins replaced the Presbyterian guidelines set by his predecessors with a more secular approach. The company acquired the Lipman's department store company during the 1950s and operated it as a separate division.[7]
1960s and 1970s[edit]
John F. Geisse developed the concept of upscale discount retailing while working for the Dayton Company. Using his concepts, the company opened its first Target discount store at 1515 West County Road B in the Saint Paul suburb of Roseville, Minnesota; Douglas Dayton was its first president. The name "Target" originated from publicity director Stewart K. Widdess, and was intended to prevent consumers from associating the discount store with the department store. It opened three additional units in the first year, and reported its first gain in 1965 with sales reaching $39 million. Later that decade, B. Dalton Bookseller was formed as a subsidiary of the Dayton Company.[6] The parent company acquired the jewelers Shreve & Co. and J.E. Caldwell, the Pickwick Book Shops, and the electronics and appliances chain Lechmere.[5] It also went public with its first offering of common stock,[5] and built its first distribution center in Fridley, Minnesota.[8] In 1969, the Dayton Company itself merged with the Detroit-based J.L. Hudson Company, and together formed the Dayton-Hudson Corporation. The new company, at the time the 14th-largest retailer in the United States, consisted of Target and the department stores Dayton's, Diamond's, Hudson's, John A. Brown, and Lipman's.[5]
Target reached $200 million in sales while Dayton-Hudson acquired Team Electronics and the jewelers C.D. Peacock, Inc. and Jessop and Sons in the 1970s.[5][9] Target reported a decrease in profits in 1972, due to the rapid pace of expansion with the purchase and conversion of several former Arlan's department store locations. New management marked down merchandise to reduce its overstock and only opened one new location that year, Target consequently became Dayton-Hudson's top revenue producer in 1975. Dayton-Hudson was established as the seventh-largest general merchandise retailer in the United States with its acquisition of Mervyn's in 1978.[5]
1980s and 1990s[edit]
Dayton-Hudson sold Lipman's to Marshall Field's (which rebranded them as Frederick & Nelson) and acquired the discount store chain Ayr-Way in 1980,[7] and expanded into the West Coast market with the purchase and conversion of several FedMart stores in 1982.[10] It sold the Dayton-Hudson Jewelers subsidiary to Henry Birks & Sons of Montreal.[5] The company founded the Plums off-price clothing store with four locations in the Los Angeles area in 1983; the following year, it sold the chain to Ross Stores and sold the Diamond's and John A. Brown department stores to Dillard's.[11][12][13] Target was established as the dominant retailer in southern California after purchasing fifty Gemco stores in the state in 1986; that year, Dayton-Hudson sold B. Dalton Bookseller to Barnes & Noble.[6] The acquisition of several Gold Circle and Richway stores assisted its expansion into northwestern and southeastern United States.[10] Later that year, Dayton-Hudson sold Lechmere to a group of investors (including Berkshire Partners).[8]




The exterior of a former Target Greatland store in Laredo, Texas


In 1990, Dayton-Hudson acquired Marshall Field's and opened its first Target Greatland store in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It started the Everyday Hero clothing specialty store with two locations in Minneapolis in 1992,[10] although they were closed in 1997.[14] In 1993, the company created a chain of four closeout stores called Smarts for liquidating clearance merchandise, which was shuttered in 1996.[15] In 1995, the first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska and the Target Guest Card, the discount retail industry's first store credit card, was launched.[5] J. C. Penney offered to buy out Dayton-Hudson for $6.82 billion in 1996, an offer that most analysts had considered as insufficiently valuing the company.[5][16] Target remained the company's main area of growth while the department store subsidiaries underperformed.[17] The middle scale Mervyn's department store chain consisted of 300 units in 16 states, while the upscale department stores division operated 26 Marshall Field's, 22 Hudson's, and 19 Dayton's stores.[5] In an effort to turn the departments around, Mervyn's and Marshall Field's closed several locations.[5]
Dayton-Hudson acquired Greenspring Company's multi-catalog direct marketing unit Rivertown Trading Company and the apparel supplier Associated Merchandising Corporation in 1998.[18][19] In 1999, Dayton-Hudson acquired Fedco in order to expand its SuperTarget operation into southern California.[17][20] Revenue for Dayton-Hudson increased to $33.7 billion, and net income reached $1.14 billion, passing $1 billion for the first time and nearly tripling the 1996 profits of $463 million. On September 7, 1999, Dayton-Hudson launched Target.com website as an e-commerce site as part of its discount retail division.[21]
2000s and 2010s[edit]
In January 2000, Dayton-Hudson was renamed the Target Corporation; between 75 and 80 percent of Dayton-Hudson's sales and earnings were coming from Target while the department stores were used to fuel its growth. It also separated its e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combined it with Rivertown Trading into a standalone subsidiary called target.direct.[22] The following year, the Dayton's and Hudson's stores were rebranded under the Marshall Field's name.[5][17][23] The company sold Marshall Field's to May Department Stores in June 2004 and sold Mervyn's to an investment consortium including Sun Capital Partners, Cerberus Capital Management, and Lubert-Adler/Klaff and Partners, L.P that September. In 2005, Target began operation in Bangalore, India.[24] In 2006, Target completed construction of the Robert J. Ulrich Center in Embassy Golf Links in Bangalore, and Target planned to continue its expansion into India with the construction of additional office space at the Mysore Corporate Campus and successfully opened a branch at Mysore.[24][25]
On January 13, 2011, Target announced its first ever international expansion, into Canada, when it purchased the leaseholds for up to 220 stores of the Canadian sale chain Zellers, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. The deal was announced to have been made for $1.8 billion. Target opened its first Canadian stores in March 2013, and at its peak, Target Canada had 133 stores. However, the expansion into Canada was beset with problems, including supply chain issues that resulted in stores with aisles of empty shelves and higher than expected retail prices. Target Canada racked up losses of $2.1 billion in its short life, and the store's botched expansion was characterized by the Canadian and US media as a "spectacular failure",[26] "an unmitigated disaster",[27][28] and "a gold standard case study in what retailers should not do when they enter a new market."[29] On January 15, 2015, Target announced that all 133 of its Canadian outlets would be closed and liquidated by the end of 2015.[30] The last Target Canada stores closed on April 12, 2015, far ahead of the initial schedule.[28]
Store formats[edit]
Target[edit]




The exterior of a typical Target store in Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target discount store opened in Roseville, Minnesota on May 1, 1962.[31] Present-day properties are roughly 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2) and sell general merchandise including hardlines and softlines.[32] While many Target stores follow a standard big-box architectural style,[33] the company has focused on "customizing each new store to ensure a locally-relevant experience [...] that best fit the surrounding neighborhood’s needs" since August 2006.[34] Initially, only SuperTarget locations operated Starbucks Coffee counters, although they were integrated into general merchandise stores through their expanded partnership beginning in 2003.[35] Several locations include Target Optical, Target Photo, and Target Pharmacy departments; the latter division was purchased by CVS Health in 2015 and began operating as stores-within-stores under the CVS Pharmacy and MinuteClinic mastheads in February 2016.[36]
Target introduced the "PFresh" store prototype in 2006, which expanded their grocery selection in general merchandise locations by an upwards of 200-percent. Newly constructed stores that follow the PFresh format are roughly 1,500 square feet (140 m2) larger than properties without groceries, although retain the Target branding because their offerings are considerably more limited than SuperTarget. The company remodeled 109 stores accordingly in 2006 and renovated another 350 stores the following year.[37] The company's decision to close their garden centers opened floor space for PFresh expansion and larger seasonal departments beginning in 2010.[38]
SuperTarget[edit]




The exterior of a typical SuperTarget in Northlake Mall Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target Greatland location opened in Apple Valley, Minnesota in September 1990. They were about fifty-percent larger than traditional Target stores, and pioneered company standards including an increased number of checkout lanes and price scanners, larger aisles, expanded pharmacy and photography departments, and a food court. Target Greatland locations have since been converted to stores following the PFresh format beginning in 2009.[39]
The first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995, and expanded upon the Target Greatland concept with the inclusion of a full grocery department.[31] The company expanded their grocery assortment in 2003 and adopted the modified tagline "Eat Well. Pay Less." (in reference to their tagline "Expect More. Pay Less.") in 2004.[31][40] In the early 2000s, 43 locations (of nearly 100) featured E-Trade trading stations, although they were all closed by June 2003 after E-Trade determined that "we were not able to make it into a profitable distribution channel."[41]
When comparing itself with rival Walmart Supercenter hypermarkets, then-chief executive Gregg Steinhafel opined that Walmart operates like "a grocer that happens to also sell general merchandise," where in contrast its less aggressive expansion of SuperTarget stores is indicative of their position that the grocery industry as a "high-impact, low-cost" side project.[40] The company operates 239 SuperTarget locations as of September 2015;[42] they each encompass an estimate of 174,000 square feet (16,200 m2).[43]
Flexible format Target[edit]




The exterior of the CityTarget in Boston, Massachusetts, now re-branded as Target


While typical Target locations are approximately 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2), the majority of "flexible format" CityTarget stores are roughly 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2). The first stores were opened in July 2012, in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle;[32] the 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) location in Boston is the largest CityTarget and opened in July 2015.[44] TargetExpress stores hover around 14,000 square feet (1,300 m2) to 21,000 square feet (2,000 m2); the first opened in Dinkytown near the University of Minnesota in July 2014.[45] Products in these flexible format properties are typically sold in smaller packages geared towards customers using public transportation. Locations built in college communities often carry an extended home department of apartment and dormitory furnishings.[46] In August 2015, Target announced that it would rename its nine CityTarget and five TargetExpress stores as Target beginning that October, deciding that "Big or small, our stores have one thing in common: they're all Target."[44] The first flexible format stores under the unified naming scheme opened later that month in Chicago, Rosslyn, San Diego, and San Francisco.[47] The company opened a 45,000 square foot store in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York in October 2016. Three other similar sized stores will open in Philadelphia, Cupertino and the area around Penn State University in October 2016.[3]
Nearly all of its planned openings through 2019 are small formats, which is less than 50,000 square feet.[3] The goal of these smaller format stores is to win over the business of millennial customers. The nearly 30 new locations will be situated in college towns or densely populated areas.[3]
Subsidiaries[edit]
Financial and Retail Services[edit]







Financial and Retail Services (FRS) formerly Target Financial Services (TFS): issues Target's credit cards, known as the Target REDcard (formerly the Target Guest Card), issued through Target National Bank (formerly Retailers National Bank) for consumers and through Target Bank for businesses. Target Financial Services also oversees GiftCard balances. Target launched its PIN-x debit card, the Target Check Card, which was later re-branded the Target Debit Card. The Target Debit Card withdraws funds from the customer's existing checking account, and allows for up to $40 "cash back". The debit card allows guests to save five percent of each purchase.
Target Sourcing Services[edit]
Target Sourcing Services (TSS): This global sourcing organization locates merchandise from around the world for Target and helps import the merchandise to the United States. Such merchandise includes garments, furniture, bedding, and towels. TSS has 27 full-service offices, 48 quality-control offices, and seven concessionaires located throughout the world. TSS employs 1,200 people. Its engineers are responsible for evaluating the factories that do business with Target Corporation for quality, as well as labor rights and transshipment issues.[48] TSS was acquired by Target Corporation in 1998, was founded in 1916 as the Associated Merchandising Corporation, and was previously owned by the clients it served.[citation needed] Target Sourcing Services ceased operations in its department store group, the division of the former Associated Merchandising Corporation that acted as a buying office for Saks, Inc., Bloomingdale's, Stage Stores Inc., T.J.Maxx, and Marshalls.[19]
Private label brands[edit]
Target Brands is the company's brand management division that oversees the company's private label products. In addition, Bullseye Dog is a mascot, and the Bullseye Design and 'Target' are registered trademarks of Target Brands.

Archer Farms,
Market Pantry, grocery products.
Simply Balanced;
Sutton & Dodge, a premium meat line;
Embark, an outdoor gear line of camping equipment;
Room Essentials, a low-end home goods line;
Boots & Barkley, a pet food and supply line;
Merona, a clothing brand purchased by Target in 1991;
Mossimo Supply Co., a clothing line. In partnership with brand owner Iconix Brand Group.
Threshold, a premium furniture line.
up & up. Target issued a re-launch of the Target brand as up&up to include an expanded product selection and a new design. The up & up brand offers essential commodities including household, healthcare, beauty, baby, and personal care products. The brand claims to offer products of equal quality to national brands at a fraction of the cost, averaging a savings of 30 percent.

[49] As of September 2009, up & up offers over 800 products across 40 categories.[50]
Other private labels include two recently released brands,

Pillowfort, a children's line of bedding and
Cat and Jack, a children's line of apparel and accessories.

The new brands were launched in July 2016, during Back to School sales. After the launch, the clothing and bedding brand made a big hit and was successful. Target executives claim that the new brands increased sales by $1 billion and increased 15% in revenue, only during their first year.[51]
Website[edit]

Target.com



Screenshot 






Type of site

E-commerce


Website
target.com


Alexa rank
 324 global,  94 in the United States (February 2017[update])[52]


Commercial
Yes


Registration
Optional


Launched
August 2011; 5 years ago (2011-08)


Current status
Online


Target.com owns and oversees the company's e-commerce initiatives, such as the Target.com domain. Founded in early 2000 as target.direct, it was formed by separating the company's existing e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combining it with its Rivertown Trading direct marketing unit into a stand-alone subsidiary.[22] In 2002, target.direct and Amazon.com's subsidiary Amazon Enterprise Solutions created a partnership in which Amazon.com would provide order fulfillment and guest services for Target.com in exchange for fixed and variable fees. After the company sold Marshall Field's and Mervyn's in 2004, target.direct became Target.com. The domain target.com attracted at least 288 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey.[53] In August 2009, Target announced that they would build and manage a new Target.com platform, independent of Amazon.com. This new platform was to launch in 2011, in advance of the holiday season. Prior to the announcement, Target and Amazon had extended their partnership until 2011.[54] In January 2010, Target announced their vendor partners for the re-platforming project. These partners include Sapient, IBM, Oracle, Endeca, Autonomy, Sterling Commerce and Huge, among others.[55] The re-platformed Target.com officially launched on August 23, 2011, effectively ending the partnership with Amazon.com.[56]
Distribution centers[edit]
As of May 2016[update], Target Corporation operates 38 distribution centers across the United States.[57] Target opened three new distribution centers in 2006 (Rialto, California, DeKalb, Illinois) and one in 2009 (Newton, North Carolina) to support the growth of its stores. With the exception of vendor supplied items, such as greeting cards and soda, these distribution centers ship items directly to Target stores. Also, unlike Walmart, Target's grocery selection does not come from their own distribution centers, but from the companies with whom Target has partnered.[6]
The retail chain's first distribution center opened in Fridley, Minnesota, in 1969. It included a computerized distribution system and was known as the Northern Distribution Center. During this time, the chain consisted of seventeen stores after having expanded into Oklahoma and Texas.[58]
On August 9, 2004, Target announced to their suppliers that they were going to perform a trial on the effects of radio-frequency identification on the efficiency of supply chain management in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. This trial involved one Target distribution center and ten nearby Target stores. Here, RFID tags would be placed on the bar codes of pallets and cartons to track the goods from the suppliers to the distribution center, and from the distribution center to the stores.[59] As of 2009, RFID had been phased out of the Dallas–Fort Worth stores.
On January 27, 2009, Target announced the closing of its distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas, the second-oldest in the company. The reason cited was the need to ensure that Target remains competitive in the long-term.[60]
SuperTarget and PFresh stores require fresh produce, refrigerated and frozen items. Food distribution centers owned by SuperValu have been utilized by Target for many years. In October 2003, SuperValu's facility in Phoenix, Arizona, was converted to serve Target exclusively.[61] The same change was implemented at the SuperValu center in Fort Worth, Texas.[62] A new distribution center was constructed by Target in Lake City, Florida, to serve the Southeast, but it is operated by SuperValu.[61] A fourth center in Cedar Falls, Iowa, opened in 2009 and is unique in that it is located adjacent to a standard Target Distribution Center, each utilizing the same dispatch office.[62] Other warehouses owned by SuperValu are still used in other regions, but Target plans to replace those over the next few years.[61] In Colorado, stores are serviced through FreshPack Produce Inc. of Denver.[6] In the mid-Atlantic region/Philadelphia market, C&S Wholesale Grocers services the fresh produce, meat, dairy, bakery, & frozen needs to "PFresh" stores.
The company operates four facilities to receive shipments from overseas manufacturers and suppliers. They are located near ports at Rialto, California; Savannah, Georgia; Lacey, Washington; and Suffolk, Virginia. Merchandise received is sent directly to Regional Distribution Centers. Internet sales orders from the Target Direct division, which operates from the Target.com website, are processed by the facility in Woodbury, Minnesota, with some support from Savannah, Georgia, and other vendors. New centers opened in Ontario, California, and Tucson, Arizona, in 2009.[62]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]




Target Plaza South, a portion of the Target Corporation headquarters complex in downtown Minneapolis; the building originally featured the Target Light System, created by using 3M light pipes[63] but was replaced by more energy-efficient LEDs in 2011.[64]


Target Corporation has its headquarters on Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis,[65] near the site of the original Goodfellows store.[citation needed] The complex includes Target Plaza North and Target Plaza South. Ryan Companies developed the complex, and Ellerbe Becket served as the architect. Target had the approximately $260-million complex developed to provide one location of office space for 6,000 employees. The 14-story Target Plaza North has 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of office and retail space while the 32-story Target Plaza South has 1,250,000 square feet (116,000 m2) of space.[66]
Brian Cornell is the CEO of Target Corporation. In January 2016, Cornell began making home visits in an effort to understand better the needs and desires of his customers.[67] In January 2016, Target fired Tina Tyler from her job as chief stores officer. She was replaced with long-time employee Janna Potts.[68]
Diversity[edit]
The company states that "individuality may include a wide spectrum of attributes such as personal style, age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, language, physical ability, religion, family, citizenship status, socio-economic circumstances, education, and life experiences."[69]
The Target employee diversity initiative is called "All Together Target".[70] It specifically seeks to work with vendors and contractors that are owned by minorities or women.[71]
In February 2012, the company extended the team member discount to same-sex partners of employees. It had received a 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Score, prior to donating funds to Minnesota Forward.[72]
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has repeatedly given Target failing grades on its annual Economic Reciprocity Initiative report card, a measure of the company's "commitment to the African-American citizenry". In 2003 and 2005, the NAACP has rated Target an "F" on this report; in 2004, Target was rated a "D-".[73][74][75] In 2006, when Target was asked why it didn't participate in the survey again,[76] a representative explained, "Target views diversity as being inclusive of all people from all different backgrounds, not just one group."[77]
In February 2006, the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) filed a class action discrimination lawsuit in Northern California's Alameda County Superior Court, claiming that Target's commercial website contains "thousands of access barriers that make it difficult, if not impossible, for blind customers to use."[78] Target Corporation settled the lawsuit in October 2008, paying $6 million and agreeing to work with the NFB over the next three years improving the usability of the Target.com site.[79] August 24, 2009, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a discrimination lawsuit against Target Corporation for unlawfully denying reasonable accommodation to an employee with multiple disability-based impairments and substantially reducing his work hours due to the medical conditions.[80] According to the claims in the EEOC press release, Target's actions violated Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) and Title I of the Civil Rights Act of 1991.[81]
Philanthropy[edit]
Target Corporation is consistently ranked as one of the most philanthropic companies in the US. It ranked No. 22 in Fortune magazine's "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2010, largely in part to the donation efforts of the company as a whole.[82] According to a November 2005 Forbes article, it ranked as the highest cash-giving company in America in percentage of income given (2.1%).[83] Target donates around 5 percent of its pre-tax operating profit; it gives over $3 million a week (up from $2 million in years prior) to the communities in which it operates. It also gives a percentage of charges from its Target Visa to schools designated by the cardholders. To date, Target has given over $150 million to schools across the United States through this program.
Further evidence of Target's philanthropy can be found in the Target House complex in Memphis, Tennessee, a long-term housing solution for families of patients at the city's St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The corporation led the way with more than $27 million in donations, which made available 96 fully furnished apartments for families needing to stay at St. Jude over 90 days.
Target has a no-solicitation rule at its properties, as it seeks to provide a "distraction-free shopping experience for its guests." Exemptions to this policy were previously made for the Salvation Army red kettles and bell-ringers outside Target stores during the holidays through Christmas. In 2004, however, Target asked the organization to explore alternate methods to partner with Target. Target donates to local Salvation Army chapters through its grant program and annually to the United Way of America (the Salvation Army is a member of the United Way coalition).
In 2005, Target and the Salvation Army[84] created a joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Wish List", where online shoppers could donate goods to the organization for hurricane victims by buying them directly from Target.com between November 25, 2005, and January 25, 2006. In 2006, they created another joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Angel Giving Tree",[85] which is an online version of the Salvation Army's Angel Tree program;[86] in addition to donating proceeds made from the sales of limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornaments within Target's stores. During the Thanksgiving holiday of 2006, Target and the Salvation Army partnered with magician David Blaine to send several families on a shopping spree the morning of Black Friday. The challenge held that if Blaine could successfully work his way out of a spinning gyroscope by the morning of Black Friday, then several families would receive $500 shopping certificates. The challenge was completed successfully by Blaine.[87]
During disasters, Target has been a major benefactor for relief efforts. Target provided monetary and product donations during the September 11 attacks; it also donated money for relief efforts for the 2004 tsunami in South Asia and donated $1.5 million (US) to the American Red Cross in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It also allowed its store properties in the affected area to be used as command centers for relief organizations and donated supplies such as water and bug spray.
Target will often donate its unused, returned or seasonal merchandise (particularly clothing) to Goodwill Industries.
Environmental record[edit]
In 2007, Target Corporation agreed to reduce their sales on all materials containing polyvinyl chloride (PVC).[88] Testers found toxic lead and phthalates and large amounts of PVC in toys, lunchboxes, baby bibs, jewelry, garden hoses, mini blinds, Christmas trees, and electronics.[88] Several studies have shown that chemicals in vinyl chloride can cause serious health problems for children and adults.[88] The University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago states that people who use products containing PVC can become exposed with harmful toxic phthalates and lead, which eventually can become a big contributor with dioxins.[88] Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment, and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."[88] Other companies reducing the PVC on their shelves include Walmart, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, and Apple.[88] Target stores have been taking environmental measures by reusing materials within their stores and recycling products such as broken hangers, cardboard, and rechargeable batteries.[89] Target is beginning to reduce energy use with energy-efficient storefronts and reducing waste with recycling programs.[90] All Target stores in the United States use plastic carts with metal frames. In mid-2006, Target took it a step further when it began introducing a newer cart design made entirely of plastic. It also uses the same design in its hand-use baskets.[91]
Target released a 13-page report in 2007 that outlined their current and future plans for becoming more earth-friendly according to LEED. Such efforts include installing sand filtration systems for the stores' wastewater. Recycling programs will be aimed at garment hangers, corrugated cardboard, electronics, shopping carts, shrink wrap, construction wastes, carpeting and ceiling tiles and roofing materials. All stores in Oklahoma will be partnered with Oklahoma Gas & Electric to exclusively use wind power for all Target stores in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Stores nationwide use only LED and fluorescent lights and low-flow restrooms that reduce waste water by 30%. Some Target stores are installing roof gardens or green roofs, which absorb storm water and cut down on surface runoff, mitigate temperature fluctuations and provide habitats for birds. There are currently four green-roof Target stores in Chicago.
Target carries over 700 organic and alternative products from brands such as Archer Farms, Burt's Bees, and Method Products. They also sell clothes made from organic cotton, non-toxic cleaners, low-energy lighting and electronics, non-toxic and non-animal tested cosmetics, and furniture made from recycled materials. As of June 2007[update], Target has been offering reusable shopping bags as an alternative to disposable plastic bags. Target gift cards are made from corn-based resins. All of the stores' packaging is done with a modified paperboard/clamshell option and has goals for phasing out plastic wrap completely.[92]
In collaboration with MBH Architects, Target's first "green" building was a 100,000+ square foot Target store built in 1995 in Fullerton, California. It was a part of the EPA Energy Star Showcase for its use of skylights that cut the original energy consumption by 24% with a 5-year payback.[93] Target and MBH Architects were awarded the "Green Lights Partner/Ally of the Year Award".[94]
Target is the only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. In 2007, this program prevented 434 million hangers from entering landfills.
On June 15, 2009, the California Attorney General and 20 California District Attorneys filed a lawsuit in Alameda County alleging that Target stores across the state have been illegally dumping hazardous wastes in landfills.[95]
On October 1, 2009, Target Corporation agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty for importing and selling a variety of toys with lead paint levels that were higher than is legally allowed. The Consumer Products Safety Commission alleged that "Target knowingly imported and sold the illegal Chinese-made toys between May 2006 and August 2007."[96] A similar problem occurred a few months later in February 2010, when Target pulled Valentine's Day "message bears" from its shelves at the request of the California attorney general's office. The bears, which were manufactured in China, contained more lead than is permissible under federal law for children under 12.[97]
A class action suit was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, on behalf of consumers in Ohio that purchased Target-brand wet wipes. The lawsuit filed against Target Corporation alleges the retailer misled consumers by marking the packaging on its up & up® brand wipes as flushable and safe for sewer and septic systems. The lawsuit also alleges that so-called flushable wipes are a public health hazard because they are alleged to clog pumps at municipal waste-treatment facilities.[98]
Customer privacy[edit]
In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.[99][100] Compromised customer information included names, phone numbers, email and mailing addresses.[101] In March 2015, Target reached a class-action settlement with affected consumers for $10 million (plus class-action attorney fees).[102] In May 2016, Target settled with affected banks and credit unions for $39 million (plus class-action attorney fees), of which $19 million would be disbursed by a MasterCard program.[103]
Corporate identity[edit]
Logo[edit]
96% of American consumers recognize the Target Bullseye logo.[104]







Original Target logo (1962–67)









Second Target logo (1968–present)









Third Target logo (1975–2004) "primary", (1975–present) "secondary"









Fourth Target logo (2004–present)









Target Greatland logo (1990–2006)









Original SuperTarget logo (1995–2005)









Second SuperTarget logo (2006–present)









CityTarget logo (2012–15)









TargetExpress logo (2014–15)




Differentiation from competitors[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Target Corporation competes directly against other discount retailers, mainly Kmart and Walmart. Since its founding, it has intended to differentiate its stores from its competitors by offering what it believes is more upscale, trend-forward merchandise at lower costs, rather than the traditional concept of focusing on low-priced goods. Douglas J. Dayton, one of the Dayton brothers, explained John Geisse's concept:


“
"We will offer high-quality merchandise at low margins, because we are cutting expenses. We would much rather do this than trumpet dramatic price cuts on cheap merchandise."[58]
”


As a result, Target stores tend to attract younger customers than Walmart, among other competitors. The median Target shopper is 41, the youngest of all major discount retailers that Target competes directly against. The median household income of Target's customer base is roughly $63,000. Roughly 76% of Target customers are female, and more than 45% have children at home. About 80% have attended college and 48% have completed college.[105][106]
In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers. It planned to add perishables to their inventory, cut back on discretionary items, and spend three-quarters of their marketing budget on advertising that emphasizes value and includes actual prices of items featured in ads. Target also planned to slow its expansion from about 100 stores a year down to 70 stores a year.[107][108][109]
Target stores are designed to be more attractive than large big-box stores by having wider aisles, drop ceilings, a more attractive presentation of merchandise, and generally cleaner fixtures. Special attention is given to the design of the store environment: graphics reinforce its advertising imagery, while shelves are dressed with contemporary signage, backdrops, and liners, often printed on inexpensive material such as paper, corrugated and foam boards. Some stores, particularly those in the vicinity of major airports, have a bullseye painted on the roof that can be seen from above: the stores in Atlanta, Georgia near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport; Rosemont, Illinois, near O'Hare International Airport; Potomac Yard, Virginia, near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport; College Point, New York (Queens), east of LaGuardia Airport; and Richfield, Minnesota, adjacent to Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport are among such locations.[110] Target doesn't use music in its stores, nor does it promote items or services through its public address system.[citation needed]
Target stores do not sell firearms. In the early 1990s, they ceased sales of toy guns that looked realistic and limited its toy gun selection to ones that were brightly colored and oddly shaped. In 2014, Target also "respectfully" asked their guests to leave any firearms at home when visiting the store.[111] They do not sell tobacco products and have not sold cigarettes since 1996.[112]
Targét[edit]
Some people jokingly give Target the pseudo-French pronunciation /tɑːrˈʒeɪ/ tar-ZHAY, as though it were an upscale boutique. Though this practice is often attributed to Oprah Winfrey's usage on her television show, it is first attested in 1962, the year the first Target store opened. Target once sold a line of shoes called "Miss Targé"[113] this was reinforced by a 1980s television advertisement starring Didi Conn. This pronunciation has also led some people to incorrectly believe that the company is French-owned.[6] In recognition of the nickname's popularity and cachet, Target Corporation licensed its name and logo to Brand Central LLC in 2006, complete with accent over the letter "E" (though this is not correct French spelling) for a new line of clothing intended for more upscale fashion customers. The line, "Targét Couture", was originally sold at Los Angeles-based store Intuition, which deals with high-end brands.[114][115]
Nomenclature[edit]
Target uses a practice that was derived in 1989 from The Walt Disney Company[6] by calling its customers "Guests", its employees "Team Members", and its supervisors "Team Leaders". Also, managers are known as "Executive Team Leaders (ETLs)" and the Store Manager is known as the "Store Team Leader (STL)". Further up the "chain of command" are "District Team Leaders (DTL)", "Group Team Leaders (GTL)", Regional Team Leaders (RTL) (sometimes also Regional Vice President), and finally corporate-level executives.
Product lines and partnerships[edit]
Target has many exclusive deals with various designers and name brands, including Finnish design company Marimekko; architect Michael Graves; athletic wear company Converse; Italian fashion label Fiorucci; fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, Liz Lange, Mossimo Giannulli, and Isaac Mizrahi, among others. To further increase their fashion profile, Target also created its fashion-forward Go International line, which hires famous designers to design collections available only for a few months.[116]
Target, after hiring architect Michael Graves to design the scaffolding used to renovate the Washington Monument and contributing $6 million USD to the restoration plan, introduced its first designer line of products in 1999, the Michael Graves Collection of housewares and home decor products.[116] Walmart and Kmart have followed Target's lead by signing exclusive designers to their stores as well. Target also partners with well-established national brands to create exclusive collections for its stores.[116]
Target also signed an exclusive deal with Food Network to sell VHS tapes of TV shows featuring popular chefs such as Alton Brown, Paula Deen, and Rachael Ray.[when?][citation needed]
In 2005, Target introduced a major revision of prescription bottles, which it calls the ClearRx system. The redesigned bottles are color-coded, flattened-out and turned upside down, providing more room for the label. This system was based on the patent[117] by student Deborah Adler and was named one of TIME's "Most Amazing Inventions of 2005".[118]
Sometimes manufacturers will create red-colored items exclusively for Target. In 2002, Nintendo produced a red special edition variant of the Game Boy Advance, which featured the Target logo above the screen.[119]
In 2005, IFC began a partnership with Target to promote a selection of independent films, both in Target stores and on IFC Monday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern. Originally titled IFC Cinema Red, the promotion was rebranded on-air as The Spotlight in 2007. The in-store headers refer to the selected titles as IFC Indies – Independent films chosen for Target by the Independent Film Channel.[120]
In 2016, Target began to enforce gender neutrality in its marketing of toys, and no longer explicitly listed specific toys as being for "boys" or "girls". This practice was expanded with the February 2016 launch of a new children's decor line, Pillowfort, which will replace its Circo brand and feature more gender-neutral designs and color schemes.[121]
Gift cards[edit]
The Target GiftCard is the retailing division's stored-value card or gift card. Target sells more gift cards than any other retailer in the United States and is one of the top sellers, by dollars and units, in the world.[122] The unique designs of their cards contribute to their higher sales, as well as Target's policy of no expiration dates or service fees.[123] Past and current designs include lenticular, "scratch and sniff" (such as peppermint during the Christmas season), glow in the dark, LED light-up, a gift card on the side of a bubble blower, a gift card that can function as a CD-ROM, and even a gift card that allows the sender to record a voice message. A current environmentally friendly gift card is made from bioplastic manufactured from corn.[124] Target rolled out a new MP3 player gift card for the 2006 holiday season. It holds 12 songs and must be purchased with an initial value of at least $50.
Beginning in January 2010, Target Stores rolled out Mobile GiftCards, through which one can produce a GiftCard barcode on any web-capable cell phone. This data matrix barcode can be scanned at a Target POS like any physical card barcode, and balances can be stored, retrieved, and gifted with the convenience of a cell phone.[citation needed]
Some of these unique design ideas are patented, and these patents are assigned to the Target Brands subsidiary. For example, some such Target GiftCard designs feature a wooden front side. On May 24, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted U.S. patent D505,450 for the "ornamental design for a credit or stored value card with wood layer" to inventors Amy L. Lauer and John D. Mayhew.[125] U.S. patent 7004398, for the "stored-value card assembly including a stored-value card, an edible product, and a wrapper", was granted to Michael R. Francis and Barry C. Brooks on February 28, 2006.[126] Both patents have been assigned by their inventors to Target Brands, Inc.
Target GiftCards are also collectors items. Some of the first gift cards issued are valued at over $300 (even though the card doesn't have any money on it). Every year, Target introduces new Holiday GiftCards. In 2007, Target's Holiday GiftCards featured a wind-up flashlight, a musical gift card, a gift card that lights up, and a scented gift card.
Target Forensic Services[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2006, The Washington Post revealed that Target is operating two sophisticated criminal forensics laboratories, one at its headquarters and the other in Las Vegas.[127] Originally, the lab was created with the role of investigating internal instances of theft, fraud, and other criminal actions that have occurred on its own properties. Eventually, the company began offering pro bono services to law enforcement agencies across the country. Target's Forensic Services has assisted agencies at all levels of government, including such federal agencies as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Secret Service. In fact, the labs have become such a popular resource for law enforcement that Target has had to restrict its assistance to violent felonies.[128][129]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
Animal welfare concerns[edit]
In 2011, Mercy for Animals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing cruelty to farmed animals and promoting compassionate food choices and policies, uncovered animal abuse at a Target egg supplier.[130] Hidden-camera footage shot at Sparboe Farms—a significant egg supplier to Hy-Vee, McDonald's, Sam's Club, SuperValu, and Target—revealed hens crammed into filthy wire cages, unable to fully stretch their wings or engage in most other natural behaviors. The investigator documented workers burning off chicks' beaks without painkillers, torturing animals, and throwing live birds into plastic bags and leaving them to suffocate. Dead hens were left to rot alongside birds that were still laying eggs for human consumption.[citation needed]
The investigation received international media attention; it aired first on ABC's Good Morning America,[131] World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer,[132] and 20/20.[133] As a result of the investigation and the public outcry that followed, Target immediately discontinued its relationship with the company.[134][135][136] Moreover, in January 2016, Target Corp. announced that it will discontinue the use of eggs from caged hens, and become entirely cage-free by the year 2025.[137]
"Bathroom policy" and boycott[edit]
In April 2016, Target announced on its website that it would allow transgender customers and employees access to use restrooms and changing areas that correspond with the gender with which they identify, except where local laws require otherwise. The New York Times called this "the most prominent position taken by a national retailer".[138] In response, the American Family Association (AFA) launched a nationwide boycott; by April 28 about one million people had signed the AFA's petition.[139][140] Numerous other faith groups responded with criticism, although some were more measured.[citation needed] Target saw a drop in consumer polls, from 42% to 38%, around the time the policy was announced.[141] In mid-May, CEO Cornell said the boycott impacted "just a handful of stores across the country".[142] Some observers, such as Fortune's Phil Wahba, believed that Target's bathroom policy may have caused part of Target's drop in shopper traffic during the second quarter of 2016. On August 17, Target announced it would add a third, private, single-stall locking bathroom at many of its stores.[143] In 2017, Cornell claimed not to know about, or have approved, the policy before it was published. The policy cost the business US$20 million and caused sales to fall nearly 6% in the three quarters following.[144][143]
Major sponsorships[edit]




The Target Chip Ganassi Racing IndyCar visiting Purdue University







This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Events[edit]

Target often supports major awards shows, such as the Emmys, Golden Globes, Grammys, and Oscars.
Target Corporation is a major sponsor of the annual Minneapolis Aquatennial, where it hosts the Target Fireworks Show, the largest annual fireworks show west of the Mississippi River and the fourth largest annual fireworks show in the United States.[145]
Target was a sponsor of the 2006–2007 New Year's Times Square Ball Drop and had its logo placed on the confetti dropped during the celebrations as well as specially designed "2007" glasses.[146]

Sports[edit]
Chip Ganassi Racing[edit]
Target is a long-time sponsor of the IndyCar and NASCAR racing teams of Chip Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target's relationship with Ganassi in IndyCar go back to 1990 when it began sponsoring Eddie Cheever. Some of their most famous drivers in the 1990s include Michael Andretti, Bryan Herta, and Arie Luyendyk. In the late 1990s, Target Chip Ganassi Racing had a four-year run of winning championships in CART, winning 1996 with Jimmy Vasser, 1997 and 1998 with Alex Zanardi, and 1999 with Juan Pablo Montoya.[citation needed] Ganassi won their first Indianapolis 500 in 2000. The team moved full-time into the rival Indy Racing League in 2003,[citation needed] and won in its first year of full-time competition, with Scott Dixon. Dixon won the championship again in 2008. The 2009 season marked the 20th anniversary of the Target race program. Franchitti won his second career IndyCar championship, and with Scott Dixon finishing second, gave Target a one-two sweep in the IndyCar Series. Dixon and Franchitti won 10 of 17 races (Dixon-5, Franchitti-5) and tied the team record from 1998 where Alex Zanardi and Jimmy Vasser combined to win 10 in the 19-race 1998 CART season. In 2010, Franchitti won the Indianapolis 500. He also won the series championship for the Target team, by five points over second-place finisher Will Power.[citation needed]
Target started sponsoring stock cars in 2001 with Sterling Marlin when Chip Ganassi bought into the Felix Sabates stock car team.[citation needed] In the 2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season, the No. 41 Chip Ganassi Target car was driven by Jimmy Spencer, and from 2003 to 2005, Casey Mears drove the car. In 2006, Reed Sorenson took over the No. 41 when Mears moved to a different Chip Ganassi car on the same team. Sorenson drove the car through the 2008 season, and Target has also had some major sponsorship time on the Ganassi Racing No. 40 car with Dario Franchitti and Jeremy Mayfield who subbed for the injured Franchitti. The 40 team has since been shut down. For 2009, the Target sponsorship moved to the No. 42 driven by Juan Pablo Montoya with the newly formed Earnhardt Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target also sponsored Earnhardt Ganassi Racing's No. 8 car driven by Aric Almirola, which it co-sponsors in some races with other sponsors such as Guitar Hero and TomTom until the team was disbanded in May 2009. Kyle Larson took over the No. 42 in 2014 and Target sponsored the No. 51 of Phoenix Racing for Larson's Sprint Cup Series debut.[147]
The Target Chip Ganassi[148] car driven by Dario Franchitti won the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday, May 30, 2010.[149]
Target will be ending its association with IndyCar racing at the end of the 2016 season.[150]
Minnesota United FC[edit]
In January 2017, Minnesota United FC, a Major League Soccer expansion team debuting for the 2017 Season, announced that Target would be the team's front-of-jersey match kit sponsor, as well as sponsoring MLS overall. This brings one of the largest sponsors in the league, especially for an expansion team making its debut appearance. The team also has an advantage of having a large, well-known hometown brand versus an entity outside the region, in addition to the financial benefits of such a large sponsor.
Naming rights[edit]
Target owns the naming rights to the Target Center and Target Field in Minneapolis.
Radio[edit]
Target is the founding sponsor of the Weekend America radio program.
See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Design For All (product line)

References[edit]


^ a b "2016 Annual Report" (PDF). corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 29, 2017. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Annual Report". corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d Tuttle, Brad. "Why Target Is Focusing on Millennials and Cities Instead of Suburban Moms". MONEY.com. Retrieved October 12, 2016. 
^ Leinward, Paul; Mainardi, Cesare (December 15, 2010). "Why Can’t Kmart Be Successful While Target and Walmart Thrive?". Harvard Business Review. Harvard Business Publishing. Retrieved March 17, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n "Target Corporation History". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25067-8. 
^ a b "Lipman Wolfe and Co.". Pdxhistory.com. June 24, 2006. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "History of Lechmere Inc. – FundingUniverse". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ Richard Halverson (May 2, 1994). "Ulrich moving up at DH: speculation mounts about naming a successor – Robert Ulrich becomes chairman of Dayton Hudson Corp". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c "1962–1992 Dayton's dream is on Target". Discount Store News. April 20, 1992. [permanent dead link]
^ Sidney Rutberg (February 1984). "Plums fall doesn't cause too many shock waves". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ "Dayton Hudson, sour on Plums, sells its 11-month-old off-pricer". Discount Store News. March 19, 1984. Archived from the original on July 13, 2012. 
^ "Dayton-Hudson In Dillard Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target closes Everyday Hero in Mall of America". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. September 11, 1997. 
^ "Target Stores to Close Experimental [sic] Clearance Outlets". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved July 27, 2005. 
^ "Unsolicited J.C. Penney Offer Rejected By Dayton Hudson". The Seattle Times. April 25, 1996. 
^ a b c "Target Corporation 2000 Annual Report" (PDF). Target Corporation. 
^ "MPR PARENT SELLS RIVERTOWN TRADING CO. TO DAYTON HUDSON". Archived from the original on July 2, 2006. Retrieved July 12, 2014. 
^ a b "Associated Merchandising Corporation". The American Chamber of Commerce in Thailand. 
^ "Target buys Fedco for SuperT". Discount Store News. July 26, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target may step up NE rollouts; debuts long-awaited e-tail site". Discount Store News. September 20, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ a b "Target is the name". Discount Store News. February 21, 2000. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target Corporation 2001 Annual Report". Target Corporation. 
^ a b "Global Team: Bangalore". Target. Archived from the original on March 9, 2013. 
^ "Target Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share $1.29". Target Corporation. February 27, 2007. 
^ "Target admits it missed the mark, but what does it mean for Canadian retail? - Business - CBC News". Cbc.ca. January 15, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Hey Target, here's how you expand into Canada, courtesy of Wal-Mart". Macleans.ca. August 20, 2014. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "Target can't get out of Canada fast enough". Fortune.com. April 2, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Target Corp’s spectacular Canada flop: A gold standard case study for what retailers shouldn’t do | Financial Post". Business.financialpost.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "News Releases: Hot Off the Press & Archives | Target Corporate". Pressroom.target.ca. Archived from the original on April 30, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c "Target Through the Years". Target Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b "Target Launches Smaller CityTarget Stores To Appeal To Urban Shoppers". The Huffington Post. AOL. July 18, 2012. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Target’s 2016 store plan: urban, urban and more urban". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. December 23, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "New Store, Big City: Target to Open in Queens, N.Y., in 2016". Target Corporation. August 26, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target, Starbucks agree to add coffee shops to new Target stores". Louisville Business First. American City Business Journals. October 11, 2002. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Wanba, Phil (February 3, 2016). "CVS Opens First Pharmacies Within Target Stores". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target to add ‘PFresh’ grocery concept at 350 stores". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. November 18, 2006. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (August 13, 2010). "Target Closing All Remaining Garden Centers". Consumerist. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Moore, Paula (January 7, 2011). "Target to roll out ‘PFresh’ concept store at Belmar center in Lakewood". Denver Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Zimmerman, Ann (May 12, 2009). "Target Believes a Rebound Recipe Is in Grocery Aisle". Wall Street Journal. News Corp. Retrieved March 10, 2006. 
^ "E-Trade closes trading stations". San Francisco Business Times. American City Business Journals. June 6, 2003. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target Corporation Company Statistics". Statistic Brain Research Institute. September 3, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Harris, Elizabeth (January 16, 2014). "Target Tests Small Store for Urban Shoppers as Young People Pick Cities Over Suburbs". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Halter, Nick (August 4, 2015). "Target's dropping its TargetExpress and CityTarget names for small stores". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved August 26, 2015. 
^ "Dinkytown mini-Target store will open in July" Archived September 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Chusman & Wakefield Retail Services. July 7, 2014.
^ Trinh, Jean (October 17, 2015). "Target Stores Planned For Koreatown And Near USC". LAist. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Keeping Things Simple: Rebranding our CityTarget and TargetExpress Stores". A Bullseye View. Target Corporation. August 4, 2015. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Vendor Compliance". Target Corporation. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ "Target up & up Brand Offers Great Quality at Low Prices". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "up & up". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "Target aims for stars with new kids apparel brand Cat & Jack". Star Tribune. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Target.com Site Info". Alexa Internet. Retrieved February 16, 2017. 
^ "Site Profile for target.com (rank #28) | Compete". Siteanalytics.compete.com. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "Target to Build and Manage New Target.com Platform / Target Corp". Target. August 7, 2009. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target.com Announces Vendor Partners for Re-platforming Effort / Target Corp". Target. January 11, 2010. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Launches Redesigned E-Commerce Website / Target Corp". Target. August 23, 2011. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Corporate Fact Sheet". corporate.target.com. Retrieved May 31, 2016. 
^ a b From Roseville to Greatland, Target still hits the mark[permanent dead link], Discount Store News, September 17, 1990.
^ "Target Meets With Suppliers About RFID Plans". InformationWeek. August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target announces workforce reduction". January 29, 2009. 
^ a b c "Target aims for FL food distribution center". Refrigerated Transporter. February 1, 2007. 
^ a b c "Target Stores, Target Distribution Centers". Target. 
^ Target Lights create evolving Minneapolis landmark, Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal, April 11, 2003.
^ "Target Mpls skyline light show to go high def". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. May 13, 2011. Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ "Corporate Headquarters Archived November 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.." Target Corporation. Retrieved on July 8, 2010. "Target Corporate Headquarters 1000 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55440"
^ "Target Office Towers." City of Minneapolis. Retrieved on July 8, 2010.
^ Crosby, jACKIE (January 20, 2016). "Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting homes of customers". Star Tribune. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Ziobro, Paul (January 19, 2016). "Home Depot Replaces Head of U.S. Stores Business". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Diversity Statement Archived June 29, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation.
^ Target Diversity website, Target Corporation.
^ "Supplier Diversity: Minority and Women Business Development Program". Target Corporation. 
^ "Profile: Target Corp.". Human Rights Campaign. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "NAACP 2005 Industry Surveys Give Five Major Industries "C" and "D" Grades". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "2006 General Merchandising Industry Report Card". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original on November 30, 2006. 
^ Erin Texeira (July 18, 2006). "NAACP Issues Corporate Report Cards". The Washington Post. Associated Press. 
^ Meyers, Michelle. "Blind patrons sue Target for site inaccessibility – CNET News". CNET. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Alexander, Steve (August 27, 2008). "Target settles suit over Web access". Star Tribune. Archived from the original on October 15, 2012. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "EEOC Sues Target For Disability Discrimination". ABC. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 1, 2013. 
^ "Target Stores Sued For Disability Discrimination". Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "World's Most Admired Companies". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2010. 
^ The Most Charitable Companies, Forbes, November 14, 2005.
^ Target and The Salvation Army Announce Partnership Archived February 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2005.
^ Target Launches Multi-Faceted Christmas Partnership With The Salvation Army Archived November 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2006.
^ Salvation Army Giving Tree Archived November 28, 2005, at the Wayback Machine., Target.com.
^ Magician David Blaine Ends Latest Stunt by Escaping From Gyroscope in NYC, FOXNews.com, November 24, 2006.
^ a b c d e f "Target Stores to Phase Out Vinyl Plastic Products". Environment News Service. November 12, 2007. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Target Corporation 2006 Awards. Retrieved May 4, 2008 Archived April 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Green Commerce Is Good Commerce". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ plasticsdesign.org
^ Target Corporation. "Environmental Responsibility." Target Corporation Responsibility Report Archived May 29, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. June 2007. Date Accessed: April 16, 2008
^ Dobrovolny, Peter. "Sustainability: High Performance Buildings Deliver Increased Retail Sales." Seattle.gov. Date accessed: March 17, 2008
^ Brookter, Carolyn. "Target receives National Energy-efficiency award; EPA Partnerships Signify Commitment to Environment and Communities Archived May 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.." Business Wire. June 4, 1996. Date accessed: April 16, 2008.
^ "Attorney general targets Target". Press-Banner. Scotts Valley, Calif. June 26, 2009. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target penalized for toys with lead paint, AZ Central. August 1, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Target Bears Recall (Photo) "Message Bears" for Valentine's Day Pulled". National Ledger. February 10, 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2010. 
^ Lorenzo B. Cellini; Tycko & Zavareei LLP (April 18, 2014). "Class Action Lawsuit Alleges That Target-Brand Flushable Wipes Are Not Suitable For Flushing And Can Clog Pipes And Damage Sewer And Septic Systems". The National Law Review. Retrieved April 19, 2014. 
^ "Target says data breach up to 110 mn customers Archived January 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.." AFP. Retrieved on December 27, 2013.
^ "Target confirms encrypted PIN data stolen." USA Today. Retrieved on May 23, 2015.
^ "Target: Breach affected millions more customers" Yahoo! Finance. Retrieved on May 22, 2015.
^ Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery (March 19, 2015). "Target will pay hack victims $10 million". CNNMoney. 
^ "Target Data Breach Settlement With Banks Gets Final OK". Bloomberg BNA/Bloomberg Law. Retrieved May 21, 2016. 
^ "10 Things You Didn’t Know about Target". Retrieved February 13, 2017.  ("Sure, 96 percent of people may recognize the Target Bullseye logo,")
^ "Community of Grand Forks". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on December 19, 2007. Retrieved June 11, 2007. 
^ "Corporate Fact Card" (PDF). Target Corporation. October 10, 2007. 
^ "Value For Money Is Back – Target Does Marketing Right". Marketing Doctor Blog. October 23, 2008. Archived from the original on January 12, 2009. 
^ "Target to emphasize value, add perishables". Market Watch. October 23, 2008. 
^ "Earnings Preview – Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)". iStockAnalyst. November 15, 2008. 
^ "Target on roof top in Rosemont, IL". Google Maps. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ "Cheers, grumbles for Target no guns request". USA Today. 
^ Corporate Responsibility Report (PDF) Archived July 16, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation, January 31, 2006.
^ davek70s (September 1, 2011). "Target 1970". YouTube. Retrieved November 29, 2016. 
^ Mui, Ylan Q. (June 20, 2006). "Where "Target" Will Always Be "Tar-Zhay"". The Washington Post. 
^ "Gabrielle Union Demonstrating New Targét Couture Line at Brand's Launch Day". celebutopia.net. 
^ a b c Is Target making a Graves mistake? Archived March 12, 2007, at the Wayback Machine., Discount Store News, February 8, 1999.
^ US patent application 20030214129: Medication packaging and labeling system, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Best Inventions 2005: Healthy Options, Time, November 21, 2005.
^ Target Gets Exclusive New GBA Color!, Nintendo World Report, Billy Berghammer, November 25, 2002.
^ Target welcomes indies Archived April 24, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., BNET, July 2006.
^ "Target takes gender-neutral approach with new kids home brand". Star-Tribune. Retrieved February 8, 2006. 
^ Target Corporation’s Third Quarter Earnings Release conference call, Securities Information from the SEC EDGAR database, November 11, 2004.
^ "About GiftCards: GiftCards". Target. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target's Bioplastic Gift Card, treehugger, January 31, 2006.
^ US design patent D505,450: Credit or stored value card with wood layer, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ U.S. Patent 7,004,398: Stored-value card with edible product, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Office of the Arizona Attorney General (2006). Target Corporation Assets Protection (PDF). 
^ "Retailer Target Branches Out Into Police Work". The Washington Post. January 29, 2006. 
^ "Target sets sights on hard-to-crack cases". CNN. February 9, 2006. 
^ "McDonald's Cruelty: The Rotten Truth About Egg McMuffins". Mercy For Animals. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ "ABC News Investigation: What's In Your Breakfast". ABC News Good Morning America. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's - Friday, November 18, 2011". ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Galli, Cindy. "McDonald's, Target Dump Egg Supplier After Investigation". ABC News 20/20. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Ford, Dana. "McDonald's, Target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report". CNN. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ Hughlett, Mike. "McDonald's, Target fire Minnesota egg company". Star Tribune. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's Drops Large McMuffin Egg Supplier". ABC News. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "Target stores switching to cage-free eggs by 2025". Chicago Sun-Times. January 20, 2016. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 27, 2016). "Target Steps Out in Front of Bathroom Choice Debate". The New York Times. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "More than 700,000 pledge to boycott Target over transgender bathroom policy". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ Wahba, Phil (April 28, 2016). "Nearly 1 Million Sign Pledge to Boycott Target Over Bathroom Policy". Fortune. Retrieved May 2, 2016. 
^ "Target brand perception falls, but it's not 'catastrophic'". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ "Target Says Boycotts Over Bathroom Policy Not Hurting Sales". Fortune. May 18, 2016. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ a b "Target's Transgender-Friendly Bathroom Policy Is Costing It $20 Million". Fortune. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hayley Peterson (April 6, 2017). "The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided". Yahoo! News. Business Insider. 
^ "Target Fireworks Show". 2011 Minneapolis Aquatennial. July 23, 2011. Archived from the original on January 21, 2013. 
^ "A Very Confetti New Year's". TIME. January 2, 2007. 
^ Ryan, Nate (October 1, 2013). "Kyle Larson to make Sprint Cup debut at Charlotte". USA Today. Retrieved October 14, 2013. 
^ "Target Ganassi Racing Sponsors". Chip Ganassi Racing. Archived from the original on March 25, 2013. 
^ "Franchitti Savors Sweet Second Indianapolis 500 Victory". Indianapolis Motor Speedway. May 30, 2010. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Cavin, Curt (August 22, 2016). "Going Off Target". Autoweek: 42–44. 


Bibliography[edit]

Leebrick, Kristal (2013). Dayton's: A Twin Cities Institution.
Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-Eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-25067-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Target Corporation.



Official website retailing website

Target Corporation corporate website
Target International Shopping Page
The Associated Merchandising Corporation





Business data for Target Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Growth of Target, 1962–2008
Political contributions and lobbying from the National Institute on Money in State Politics







v
t
e


Target Corporation



Current assets



Target
SuperTarget
Flexible format Target





Former assets



B. Dalton
Dayton's
Diamond's
Hudson's
John A. Brown
Lipman's
Lechmere
Marshall Field's
Mervyn's
Target Canada





Brands



Design For All
Go International
Mossimo





Key people



George Dayton
John Geisse
Douglas Dayton
Bob Ulrich
Gregg Steinhafel
Brian Cornell





Related



Bullseye
History
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.
Target Plaza South












v
t
e


Marshall Field's



Parent companies



Batus Inc.
Dayton-Hudson/Target Corporation
The May Department Stores Company
Federated Department Stores/Macy's Inc.





Associated stores



Frederick & Nelson
The Crescent
Ivey's





Store conversions



Dayton's
Hudson's





Related



Marshall Field
Marshall Field's Wholesale Store
Marshall Field and Company Building
Marshall Field and Company Store
Frango












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Supermarket chains in the United States



Kroger



Baker's Supermarkets
City Market
Dillons
Food 4 Less

Foods Co.


Fred Meyer
Fry's Food & Drug
Gerbes Super Markets
Harris Teeter
Jay C
King Soopers
Kroger
Owen's
Pay Less Super Markets
QFC
Ralphs
Roundy's (Pick 'n Save, Mariano's, Metro Market, Copp's)
Ruler Foods
Scott's
Smith's





Albertsons



Acme Markets
Albertsons
Amigos
Carrs
Haggen
Jewel-Osco
Lucky
Market Street
Pavilions
Randalls
Safeway
Shaw's and Star Market
Super Saver
Tom Thumb
United Supermarkets
Vons





SuperValu



County Market
Cub
Farm Fresh
Hornbacher's
Shop 'n Save
Shoppers





Ahold Delhaize



Food Lion
Giant-Carlisle
Giant-Landover
Hannaford Brothers Company
Martin's Food Markets
Stop & Shop





Southeastern Grocers



BI-LO
Fresco y Más
Harveys Supermarkets
Winn-Dixie





Wakefern



PriceRite
ShopRite
The Fresh Grocer





Other national chains



Target
Walmart





Regional chains





Asian




GW Supermarket
H Mart
Hong Kong Supermarket
Island Pacific Supermarket
Lion Supermarket
Marina Food
Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
Mitsuwa Marketplace
Nijiya Market
Seafood City
Shun Fat Supermarket
Tawa

99 Ranch Market
168 Market


Uwajimaya






Hispanic




Bravo
El Ahorro Supermarket
Fiesta Foods
Fiesta Mart
La Perla Tapatía Supermarkets
Más Club
Mi Pueblo Food Center
Supermercados Teloloapan
Vallarta Supermarkets






Organic




Earth Fare
Natural Grocers
Sprouts Farmers Market
Trader Joe's
Whole Foods Market






Wholesale




BJ's Wholesale Club
Cash & Carry
Costco
Sam's Club






Conventional




Acme Fresh Market
Aldi
Amigo
Balducci's
Bashas'
Best Market
Big Y
Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
Bristol Farms
Brookshire Brothers
Brookshire Grocery Company
Buehler Food Markets Inc.
C-Town Supermarkets
Central Market
D&W Fresh Market
Dave's Markets
Dean & DeLuca
DeMoulas Market Basket
Dierbergs Markets
Don Quijote

Times Supermarkets


Dorothy Lane Market
Easy-Way Store
Econofoods
Family Fare
Fairway Market
Fareway
Festival Foods
Festival Foods (Minnesota)
Food Giant
Food City
Foodarama
FoodLand
Foodtown

Pathmark


Gelson's
Gerland Corporation
Giant Eagle
Grand Mart
Gristedes
Grocery Outlet
Harmons
Harps Food Stores
H-E-B
Heinen's Fine Foods
Highland Park Market
Homeland
Houchens
Hugo's
Hy-Vee
IGA
Ingles
Inserra Supermarkets
Jerry's Foods
Jungle Jim's International Market
Karns Quality Foods
Key Food

Super Fresh
The Food Emporium


King Kullen
Kings Super Markets
Kuhn's Quality Foods
Lewis Food Town
Lidl
Lowe's Market
Lowes Foods
Lund Food Holdings
Magruder's
Marc's
Market Basket
Market of Choice
Marsh Supermarkets
Martin's Super Markets
Meijer
Met Foods
Miracle Mart
Mollie Stone's Markets
Morton Williams
New Seasons Market
Niemann Foods
No Frills Supermarkets
Nugget Markets
PCC Natural Markets
Petrini's
Piggly Wiggly
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
Pink Dot
Price Chopper / Price Mart
Price Chopper Supermarkets
Publix
Pueblo
Raley's Supermarkets
Red Owl
Redner's Markets
Remke Markets
Rice Epicurean Markets
Ridley's Family Markets
Roche Bros.
Rosauers Supermarkets
Rouses
Russ's Market
Save-A-Lot
Save Mart Supermarkets
SaveRite
Schnucks
Scolari's Food and Drug
Seafood City
Sedano's
Sellers Bros.
Sendik's Food Market
Sentry Foods
Seven Mile Market
Shop 'n Save
Smart & Final
SpartanNash
Stanley Stores
Star Market
Stater Bros.
Stew Leonard's
Strack & Van Til
Straub's Markets
Sullivan Family of Companies

Foodland Hawaii


Supermercados Econo
Supermercados Selectos
Super Dollar Discount Foods
Super One Foods
Super Saver Foods (B&R Stores)
The Fresh Market
Tops Friendly Markets
United Grocery Outlet
URM Stores
Valu King
Victory Supermarkets
Village Market Food Center
Weaver Street Market
Wegmans
Weis Markets
Westborn Market
Western Beef
WinCo Foods
Woodman's Markets
Yoke's Fresh Market
Zabar's
Zupan's Markets








Defunct banners



A-Mart
A&P

Food Basics
Pathmark
Waldbaum's


ABCO Foods
Alpha Beta
Andronico's
AppleTree Markets
Belle Foods
Big Bear Stores
Big Star Markets
Bloom
Bottom Dollar Food
Bruno's
Buttrey Food & Drug
Byrd's
Carter's Foods
Chatham
Clemens Markets
Colonial Stores
Dahl's Foods
Daniel Reeves Stores
David's Supermarkets
Davis Food City
Delchamps
Deskins
Dick's Supermarket
Dominick's
Eagle Food Centers
Eberhard's
Eisner Food Stores
Farmer Jack
Felpausch
Finast
Fisher Foods
Food Fair
Food World
Food-a-rama
Fresh & Easy
Furr's
Genuardi's
Giant Open Air
Glen's Markets
Grand Union
Hamady Brothers
Henry's Farmers Market
Hills Supermarkets
Hinky Dinky
Jitney Jungle
Johnnie's Foodmaster
Kessel Food Markets
Laneco
Marketside
Mars
Minyard Food Stores
National Supermarkets
National Tea
Omni Superstore
Penn Fruit
Penn Traffic
Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets
Plus
Purity Supreme
Quality Markets
QFI
Red Food
Reid's
Schaffer Stores Company
Seaway Food Town
Seessel's
Simon David
Skaggs Companies
Southern Family Markets
Sunflower Farmers Market
Sunflower Market
Super Duper
Sweetbay Supermarket
Tidyman's
Twin Valu
Ukrop's Super Markets
Warehouse Economy Outlet
Weingarten's
Wild Oats Markets
Xpect Discounts








List of supermarket chains in the United States









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140993075
ISNI: 0000 0004 0437 6013










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Target_Corporation&oldid=791973527"					
Categories: Target CorporationCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies established in 1902Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies of the United States1902 establishments in MinnesotaSuperstores in the United StatesDiscount stores of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1962Pharmacies of the United StatesHealth care companies based in MinnesotaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from April 2017Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from February 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from June 2007Articles with a promotional tone from April 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from October 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011Articles with unsourced statements from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from April 2017Articles needing additional references from December 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesiaಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 17:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Target Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Target Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Target Corp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the defunct Canadian subsidiary, see Target Canada. For the separate Australian company, see Target Australia.

Target Corporation





Target Corporation headquarters in Minneapolis




Formerly called

Goodfellow Dry Goods
(1902–1962)



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TGT
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
June 24, 1902; 115 years ago (1902-06-24)


Founder
George Dayton


Headquarters
Target Plaza North
Target Plaza South
1000 Nicollet Mall, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.



Number of locations

1,802 stores[1] (2016)



Area served

United States (except Vermont)



Key people

Brian Cornell
(Chairman and CEO)
John Mulligan
(EVP and COO)


Products
Beauty and health products; bedding; clothing and accessories; electronics; food; furniture; housewares; jewelry; gardening supplies; pet supplies; shoes; sporting goods; toys/games; small appliances; Office Supplies; Books


Revenue
 US$69.495 billion[2] (2016)



Operating income

 US$4.969 billion[2] (2016)



Net income

 US$2.737 billion[2] (2016)


Total assets
 US$37.431 billion[2] (2016)


Total equity
 US$10.953 billion[2] (2016)



Number of employees

341,000 (2016)


Subsidiaries



Financial and Retail Services
Target Sourcing Services





Website



www.target.com
corporate.target.com





Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.
Target established itself as the highest-earning division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.[3] The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Canadian subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States.
As of 2017, Target operates 1,806[1] stores throughout the United States. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "flexible format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding. Target is often recognized for its emphasis on "the needs of its younger, image-conscious shoppers," whereas its rival Walmart more heavily relies on its strategy of "always low prices."[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 1960s and 1970s
1.3 1980s and 1990s
1.4 2000s and 2010s


2 Store formats

2.1 Target
2.2 SuperTarget
2.3 Flexible format Target


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 Financial and Retail Services
3.2 Target Sourcing Services
3.3 Private label brands
3.4 Website


4 Distribution centers
5 Corporate affairs

5.1 Headquarters
5.2 Diversity
5.3 Philanthropy
5.4 Environmental record
5.5 Customer privacy


6 Corporate identity

6.1 Logo
6.2 Differentiation from competitors
6.3 Targét
6.4 Nomenclature
6.5 Product lines and partnerships
6.6 Gift cards


7 Target Forensic Services
8 Criticism and controversy

8.1 Animal welfare concerns
8.2 "Bathroom policy" and boycott


9 Major sponsorships

9.1 Events
9.2 Sports

9.2.1 Chip Ganassi Racing


9.3 Minnesota United FC

9.3.1 Naming rights


9.4 Radio


10 See also
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of Target Corporation
Early history[edit]




Dayton's Department Store in 1903


The Westminster Presbyterian Church from downtown Minneapolis burned down during the Panic of 1893. Without insurance coverage to cover the financial loss, the congregation found itself unable to rebuild. The church appealed to parishioner George Dayton to purchase an empty corner lot adjacent to the original church in its possession; funds raised from the property's sale allowed the church to rebuild and Dayton constructed a six-story building on his newly purchased property.[5]
Dayton convinced the Reuben Simon Goodfellow Company to move its nearby Goodfellows department store into the newly erected building in 1902, although its owner retired altogether and sold his interest in the store to Dayton.[6] The store was renamed the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1903, and was shortened to the Dayton Company in 1910.[5] The company made its first expansion with the acquisition of the Minneapolis-based jeweler J.B. Hudson & Son right before the Wall Street Crash of 1929; its jewelry store operated in a net loss during the Great Depression, but its department store weathered the economic crisis. Dayton died in 1938 and was succeeded by his son Nelson as the president of the $14 million business.[5] Nelson died in 1950 and was replaced by his own son Donald, who with his cousins replaced the Presbyterian guidelines set by his predecessors with a more secular approach. The company acquired the Lipman's department store company during the 1950s and operated it as a separate division.[7]
1960s and 1970s[edit]
John F. Geisse developed the concept of upscale discount retailing while working for the Dayton Company. Using his concepts, the company opened its first Target discount store at 1515 West County Road B in the Saint Paul suburb of Roseville, Minnesota; Douglas Dayton was its first president. The name "Target" originated from publicity director Stewart K. Widdess, and was intended to prevent consumers from associating the discount store with the department store. It opened three additional units in the first year, and reported its first gain in 1965 with sales reaching $39 million. Later that decade, B. Dalton Bookseller was formed as a subsidiary of the Dayton Company.[6] The parent company acquired the jewelers Shreve & Co. and J.E. Caldwell, the Pickwick Book Shops, and the electronics and appliances chain Lechmere.[5] It also went public with its first offering of common stock,[5] and built its first distribution center in Fridley, Minnesota.[8] In 1969, the Dayton Company itself merged with the Detroit-based J.L. Hudson Company, and together formed the Dayton-Hudson Corporation. The new company, at the time the 14th-largest retailer in the United States, consisted of Target and the department stores Dayton's, Diamond's, Hudson's, John A. Brown, and Lipman's.[5]
Target reached $200 million in sales while Dayton-Hudson acquired Team Electronics and the jewelers C.D. Peacock, Inc. and Jessop and Sons in the 1970s.[5][9] Target reported a decrease in profits in 1972, due to the rapid pace of expansion with the purchase and conversion of several former Arlan's department store locations. New management marked down merchandise to reduce its overstock and only opened one new location that year, Target consequently became Dayton-Hudson's top revenue producer in 1975. Dayton-Hudson was established as the seventh-largest general merchandise retailer in the United States with its acquisition of Mervyn's in 1978.[5]
1980s and 1990s[edit]
Dayton-Hudson sold Lipman's to Marshall Field's (which rebranded them as Frederick & Nelson) and acquired the discount store chain Ayr-Way in 1980,[7] and expanded into the West Coast market with the purchase and conversion of several FedMart stores in 1982.[10] It sold the Dayton-Hudson Jewelers subsidiary to Henry Birks & Sons of Montreal.[5] The company founded the Plums off-price clothing store with four locations in the Los Angeles area in 1983; the following year, it sold the chain to Ross Stores and sold the Diamond's and John A. Brown department stores to Dillard's.[11][12][13] Target was established as the dominant retailer in southern California after purchasing fifty Gemco stores in the state in 1986; that year, Dayton-Hudson sold B. Dalton Bookseller to Barnes & Noble.[6] The acquisition of several Gold Circle and Richway stores assisted its expansion into northwestern and southeastern United States.[10] Later that year, Dayton-Hudson sold Lechmere to a group of investors (including Berkshire Partners).[8]




The exterior of a former Target Greatland store in Laredo, Texas


In 1990, Dayton-Hudson acquired Marshall Field's and opened its first Target Greatland store in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It started the Everyday Hero clothing specialty store with two locations in Minneapolis in 1992,[10] although they were closed in 1997.[14] In 1993, the company created a chain of four closeout stores called Smarts for liquidating clearance merchandise, which was shuttered in 1996.[15] In 1995, the first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska and the Target Guest Card, the discount retail industry's first store credit card, was launched.[5] J. C. Penney offered to buy out Dayton-Hudson for $6.82 billion in 1996, an offer that most analysts had considered as insufficiently valuing the company.[5][16] Target remained the company's main area of growth while the department store subsidiaries underperformed.[17] The middle scale Mervyn's department store chain consisted of 300 units in 16 states, while the upscale department stores division operated 26 Marshall Field's, 22 Hudson's, and 19 Dayton's stores.[5] In an effort to turn the departments around, Mervyn's and Marshall Field's closed several locations.[5]
Dayton-Hudson acquired Greenspring Company's multi-catalog direct marketing unit Rivertown Trading Company and the apparel supplier Associated Merchandising Corporation in 1998.[18][19] In 1999, Dayton-Hudson acquired Fedco in order to expand its SuperTarget operation into southern California.[17][20] Revenue for Dayton-Hudson increased to $33.7 billion, and net income reached $1.14 billion, passing $1 billion for the first time and nearly tripling the 1996 profits of $463 million. On September 7, 1999, Dayton-Hudson launched Target.com website as an e-commerce site as part of its discount retail division.[21]
2000s and 2010s[edit]
In January 2000, Dayton-Hudson was renamed the Target Corporation; between 75 and 80 percent of Dayton-Hudson's sales and earnings were coming from Target while the department stores were used to fuel its growth. It also separated its e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combined it with Rivertown Trading into a standalone subsidiary called target.direct.[22] The following year, the Dayton's and Hudson's stores were rebranded under the Marshall Field's name.[5][17][23] The company sold Marshall Field's to May Department Stores in June 2004 and sold Mervyn's to an investment consortium including Sun Capital Partners, Cerberus Capital Management, and Lubert-Adler/Klaff and Partners, L.P that September. In 2005, Target began operation in Bangalore, India.[24] In 2006, Target completed construction of the Robert J. Ulrich Center in Embassy Golf Links in Bangalore, and Target planned to continue its expansion into India with the construction of additional office space at the Mysore Corporate Campus and successfully opened a branch at Mysore.[24][25]
On January 13, 2011, Target announced its first ever international expansion, into Canada, when it purchased the leaseholds for up to 220 stores of the Canadian sale chain Zellers, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. The deal was announced to have been made for $1.8 billion. Target opened its first Canadian stores in March 2013, and at its peak, Target Canada had 133 stores. However, the expansion into Canada was beset with problems, including supply chain issues that resulted in stores with aisles of empty shelves and higher than expected retail prices. Target Canada racked up losses of $2.1 billion in its short life, and the store's botched expansion was characterized by the Canadian and US media as a "spectacular failure",[26] "an unmitigated disaster",[27][28] and "a gold standard case study in what retailers should not do when they enter a new market."[29] On January 15, 2015, Target announced that all 133 of its Canadian outlets would be closed and liquidated by the end of 2015.[30] The last Target Canada stores closed on April 12, 2015, far ahead of the initial schedule.[28]
Store formats[edit]
Target[edit]




The exterior of a typical Target store in Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target discount store opened in Roseville, Minnesota on May 1, 1962.[31] Present-day properties are roughly 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2) and sell general merchandise including hardlines and softlines.[32] While many Target stores follow a standard big-box architectural style,[33] the company has focused on "customizing each new store to ensure a locally-relevant experience [...] that best fit the surrounding neighborhood’s needs" since August 2006.[34] Initially, only SuperTarget locations operated Starbucks Coffee counters, although they were integrated into general merchandise stores through their expanded partnership beginning in 2003.[35] Several locations include Target Optical, Target Photo, and Target Pharmacy departments; the latter division was purchased by CVS Health in 2015 and began operating as stores-within-stores under the CVS Pharmacy and MinuteClinic mastheads in February 2016.[36]
Target introduced the "PFresh" store prototype in 2006, which expanded their grocery selection in general merchandise locations by an upwards of 200-percent. Newly constructed stores that follow the PFresh format are roughly 1,500 square feet (140 m2) larger than properties without groceries, although retain the Target branding because their offerings are considerably more limited than SuperTarget. The company remodeled 109 stores accordingly in 2006 and renovated another 350 stores the following year.[37] The company's decision to close their garden centers opened floor space for PFresh expansion and larger seasonal departments beginning in 2010.[38]
SuperTarget[edit]




The exterior of a typical SuperTarget in Northlake Mall Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target Greatland location opened in Apple Valley, Minnesota in September 1990. They were about fifty-percent larger than traditional Target stores, and pioneered company standards including an increased number of checkout lanes and price scanners, larger aisles, expanded pharmacy and photography departments, and a food court. Target Greatland locations have since been converted to stores following the PFresh format beginning in 2009.[39]
The first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995, and expanded upon the Target Greatland concept with the inclusion of a full grocery department.[31] The company expanded their grocery assortment in 2003 and adopted the modified tagline "Eat Well. Pay Less." (in reference to their tagline "Expect More. Pay Less.") in 2004.[31][40] In the early 2000s, 43 locations (of nearly 100) featured E-Trade trading stations, although they were all closed by June 2003 after E-Trade determined that "we were not able to make it into a profitable distribution channel."[41]
When comparing itself with rival Walmart Supercenter hypermarkets, then-chief executive Gregg Steinhafel opined that Walmart operates like "a grocer that happens to also sell general merchandise," where in contrast its less aggressive expansion of SuperTarget stores is indicative of their position that the grocery industry as a "high-impact, low-cost" side project.[40] The company operates 239 SuperTarget locations as of September 2015;[42] they each encompass an estimate of 174,000 square feet (16,200 m2).[43]
Flexible format Target[edit]




The exterior of the CityTarget in Boston, Massachusetts, now re-branded as Target


While typical Target locations are approximately 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2), the majority of "flexible format" CityTarget stores are roughly 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2). The first stores were opened in July 2012, in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle;[32] the 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) location in Boston is the largest CityTarget and opened in July 2015.[44] TargetExpress stores hover around 14,000 square feet (1,300 m2) to 21,000 square feet (2,000 m2); the first opened in Dinkytown near the University of Minnesota in July 2014.[45] Products in these flexible format properties are typically sold in smaller packages geared towards customers using public transportation. Locations built in college communities often carry an extended home department of apartment and dormitory furnishings.[46] In August 2015, Target announced that it would rename its nine CityTarget and five TargetExpress stores as Target beginning that October, deciding that "Big or small, our stores have one thing in common: they're all Target."[44] The first flexible format stores under the unified naming scheme opened later that month in Chicago, Rosslyn, San Diego, and San Francisco.[47] The company opened a 45,000 square foot store in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York in October 2016. Three other similar sized stores will open in Philadelphia, Cupertino and the area around Penn State University in October 2016.[3]
Nearly all of its planned openings through 2019 are small formats, which is less than 50,000 square feet.[3] The goal of these smaller format stores is to win over the business of millennial customers. The nearly 30 new locations will be situated in college towns or densely populated areas.[3]
Subsidiaries[edit]
Financial and Retail Services[edit]







Financial and Retail Services (FRS) formerly Target Financial Services (TFS): issues Target's credit cards, known as the Target REDcard (formerly the Target Guest Card), issued through Target National Bank (formerly Retailers National Bank) for consumers and through Target Bank for businesses. Target Financial Services also oversees GiftCard balances. Target launched its PIN-x debit card, the Target Check Card, which was later re-branded the Target Debit Card. The Target Debit Card withdraws funds from the customer's existing checking account, and allows for up to $40 "cash back". The debit card allows guests to save five percent of each purchase.
Target Sourcing Services[edit]
Target Sourcing Services (TSS): This global sourcing organization locates merchandise from around the world for Target and helps import the merchandise to the United States. Such merchandise includes garments, furniture, bedding, and towels. TSS has 27 full-service offices, 48 quality-control offices, and seven concessionaires located throughout the world. TSS employs 1,200 people. Its engineers are responsible for evaluating the factories that do business with Target Corporation for quality, as well as labor rights and transshipment issues.[48] TSS was acquired by Target Corporation in 1998, was founded in 1916 as the Associated Merchandising Corporation, and was previously owned by the clients it served.[citation needed] Target Sourcing Services ceased operations in its department store group, the division of the former Associated Merchandising Corporation that acted as a buying office for Saks, Inc., Bloomingdale's, Stage Stores Inc., T.J.Maxx, and Marshalls.[19]
Private label brands[edit]
Target Brands is the company's brand management division that oversees the company's private label products. In addition, Bullseye Dog is a mascot, and the Bullseye Design and 'Target' are registered trademarks of Target Brands.

Archer Farms,
Market Pantry, grocery products.
Simply Balanced;
Sutton & Dodge, a premium meat line;
Embark, an outdoor gear line of camping equipment;
Room Essentials, a low-end home goods line;
Boots & Barkley, a pet food and supply line;
Merona, a clothing brand purchased by Target in 1991;
Mossimo Supply Co., a clothing line. In partnership with brand owner Iconix Brand Group.
Threshold, a premium furniture line.
up & up. Target issued a re-launch of the Target brand as up&up to include an expanded product selection and a new design. The up & up brand offers essential commodities including household, healthcare, beauty, baby, and personal care products. The brand claims to offer products of equal quality to national brands at a fraction of the cost, averaging a savings of 30 percent.

[49] As of September 2009, up & up offers over 800 products across 40 categories.[50]
Other private labels include two recently released brands,

Pillowfort, a children's line of bedding and
Cat and Jack, a children's line of apparel and accessories.

The new brands were launched in July 2016, during Back to School sales. After the launch, the clothing and bedding brand made a big hit and was successful. Target executives claim that the new brands increased sales by $1 billion and increased 15% in revenue, only during their first year.[51]
Website[edit]

Target.com



Screenshot 






Type of site

E-commerce


Website
target.com


Alexa rank
 324 global,  94 in the United States (February 2017[update])[52]


Commercial
Yes


Registration
Optional


Launched
August 2011; 5 years ago (2011-08)


Current status
Online


Target.com owns and oversees the company's e-commerce initiatives, such as the Target.com domain. Founded in early 2000 as target.direct, it was formed by separating the company's existing e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combining it with its Rivertown Trading direct marketing unit into a stand-alone subsidiary.[22] In 2002, target.direct and Amazon.com's subsidiary Amazon Enterprise Solutions created a partnership in which Amazon.com would provide order fulfillment and guest services for Target.com in exchange for fixed and variable fees. After the company sold Marshall Field's and Mervyn's in 2004, target.direct became Target.com. The domain target.com attracted at least 288 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey.[53] In August 2009, Target announced that they would build and manage a new Target.com platform, independent of Amazon.com. This new platform was to launch in 2011, in advance of the holiday season. Prior to the announcement, Target and Amazon had extended their partnership until 2011.[54] In January 2010, Target announced their vendor partners for the re-platforming project. These partners include Sapient, IBM, Oracle, Endeca, Autonomy, Sterling Commerce and Huge, among others.[55] The re-platformed Target.com officially launched on August 23, 2011, effectively ending the partnership with Amazon.com.[56]
Distribution centers[edit]
As of May 2016[update], Target Corporation operates 38 distribution centers across the United States.[57] Target opened three new distribution centers in 2006 (Rialto, California, DeKalb, Illinois) and one in 2009 (Newton, North Carolina) to support the growth of its stores. With the exception of vendor supplied items, such as greeting cards and soda, these distribution centers ship items directly to Target stores. Also, unlike Walmart, Target's grocery selection does not come from their own distribution centers, but from the companies with whom Target has partnered.[6]
The retail chain's first distribution center opened in Fridley, Minnesota, in 1969. It included a computerized distribution system and was known as the Northern Distribution Center. During this time, the chain consisted of seventeen stores after having expanded into Oklahoma and Texas.[58]
On August 9, 2004, Target announced to their suppliers that they were going to perform a trial on the effects of radio-frequency identification on the efficiency of supply chain management in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. This trial involved one Target distribution center and ten nearby Target stores. Here, RFID tags would be placed on the bar codes of pallets and cartons to track the goods from the suppliers to the distribution center, and from the distribution center to the stores.[59] As of 2009, RFID had been phased out of the Dallas–Fort Worth stores.
On January 27, 2009, Target announced the closing of its distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas, the second-oldest in the company. The reason cited was the need to ensure that Target remains competitive in the long-term.[60]
SuperTarget and PFresh stores require fresh produce, refrigerated and frozen items. Food distribution centers owned by SuperValu have been utilized by Target for many years. In October 2003, SuperValu's facility in Phoenix, Arizona, was converted to serve Target exclusively.[61] The same change was implemented at the SuperValu center in Fort Worth, Texas.[62] A new distribution center was constructed by Target in Lake City, Florida, to serve the Southeast, but it is operated by SuperValu.[61] A fourth center in Cedar Falls, Iowa, opened in 2009 and is unique in that it is located adjacent to a standard Target Distribution Center, each utilizing the same dispatch office.[62] Other warehouses owned by SuperValu are still used in other regions, but Target plans to replace those over the next few years.[61] In Colorado, stores are serviced through FreshPack Produce Inc. of Denver.[6] In the mid-Atlantic region/Philadelphia market, C&S Wholesale Grocers services the fresh produce, meat, dairy, bakery, & frozen needs to "PFresh" stores.
The company operates four facilities to receive shipments from overseas manufacturers and suppliers. They are located near ports at Rialto, California; Savannah, Georgia; Lacey, Washington; and Suffolk, Virginia. Merchandise received is sent directly to Regional Distribution Centers. Internet sales orders from the Target Direct division, which operates from the Target.com website, are processed by the facility in Woodbury, Minnesota, with some support from Savannah, Georgia, and other vendors. New centers opened in Ontario, California, and Tucson, Arizona, in 2009.[62]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]




Target Plaza South, a portion of the Target Corporation headquarters complex in downtown Minneapolis; the building originally featured the Target Light System, created by using 3M light pipes[63] but was replaced by more energy-efficient LEDs in 2011.[64]


Target Corporation has its headquarters on Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis,[65] near the site of the original Goodfellows store.[citation needed] The complex includes Target Plaza North and Target Plaza South. Ryan Companies developed the complex, and Ellerbe Becket served as the architect. Target had the approximately $260-million complex developed to provide one location of office space for 6,000 employees. The 14-story Target Plaza North has 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of office and retail space while the 32-story Target Plaza South has 1,250,000 square feet (116,000 m2) of space.[66]
Brian Cornell is the CEO of Target Corporation. In January 2016, Cornell began making home visits in an effort to understand better the needs and desires of his customers.[67] In January 2016, Target fired Tina Tyler from her job as chief stores officer. She was replaced with long-time employee Janna Potts.[68]
Diversity[edit]
The company states that "individuality may include a wide spectrum of attributes such as personal style, age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, language, physical ability, religion, family, citizenship status, socio-economic circumstances, education, and life experiences."[69]
The Target employee diversity initiative is called "All Together Target".[70] It specifically seeks to work with vendors and contractors that are owned by minorities or women.[71]
In February 2012, the company extended the team member discount to same-sex partners of employees. It had received a 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Score, prior to donating funds to Minnesota Forward.[72]
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has repeatedly given Target failing grades on its annual Economic Reciprocity Initiative report card, a measure of the company's "commitment to the African-American citizenry". In 2003 and 2005, the NAACP has rated Target an "F" on this report; in 2004, Target was rated a "D-".[73][74][75] In 2006, when Target was asked why it didn't participate in the survey again,[76] a representative explained, "Target views diversity as being inclusive of all people from all different backgrounds, not just one group."[77]
In February 2006, the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) filed a class action discrimination lawsuit in Northern California's Alameda County Superior Court, claiming that Target's commercial website contains "thousands of access barriers that make it difficult, if not impossible, for blind customers to use."[78] Target Corporation settled the lawsuit in October 2008, paying $6 million and agreeing to work with the NFB over the next three years improving the usability of the Target.com site.[79] August 24, 2009, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a discrimination lawsuit against Target Corporation for unlawfully denying reasonable accommodation to an employee with multiple disability-based impairments and substantially reducing his work hours due to the medical conditions.[80] According to the claims in the EEOC press release, Target's actions violated Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) and Title I of the Civil Rights Act of 1991.[81]
Philanthropy[edit]
Target Corporation is consistently ranked as one of the most philanthropic companies in the US. It ranked No. 22 in Fortune magazine's "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2010, largely in part to the donation efforts of the company as a whole.[82] According to a November 2005 Forbes article, it ranked as the highest cash-giving company in America in percentage of income given (2.1%).[83] Target donates around 5 percent of its pre-tax operating profit; it gives over $3 million a week (up from $2 million in years prior) to the communities in which it operates. It also gives a percentage of charges from its Target Visa to schools designated by the cardholders. To date, Target has given over $150 million to schools across the United States through this program.
Further evidence of Target's philanthropy can be found in the Target House complex in Memphis, Tennessee, a long-term housing solution for families of patients at the city's St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The corporation led the way with more than $27 million in donations, which made available 96 fully furnished apartments for families needing to stay at St. Jude over 90 days.
Target has a no-solicitation rule at its properties, as it seeks to provide a "distraction-free shopping experience for its guests." Exemptions to this policy were previously made for the Salvation Army red kettles and bell-ringers outside Target stores during the holidays through Christmas. In 2004, however, Target asked the organization to explore alternate methods to partner with Target. Target donates to local Salvation Army chapters through its grant program and annually to the United Way of America (the Salvation Army is a member of the United Way coalition).
In 2005, Target and the Salvation Army[84] created a joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Wish List", where online shoppers could donate goods to the organization for hurricane victims by buying them directly from Target.com between November 25, 2005, and January 25, 2006. In 2006, they created another joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Angel Giving Tree",[85] which is an online version of the Salvation Army's Angel Tree program;[86] in addition to donating proceeds made from the sales of limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornaments within Target's stores. During the Thanksgiving holiday of 2006, Target and the Salvation Army partnered with magician David Blaine to send several families on a shopping spree the morning of Black Friday. The challenge held that if Blaine could successfully work his way out of a spinning gyroscope by the morning of Black Friday, then several families would receive $500 shopping certificates. The challenge was completed successfully by Blaine.[87]
During disasters, Target has been a major benefactor for relief efforts. Target provided monetary and product donations during the September 11 attacks; it also donated money for relief efforts for the 2004 tsunami in South Asia and donated $1.5 million (US) to the American Red Cross in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It also allowed its store properties in the affected area to be used as command centers for relief organizations and donated supplies such as water and bug spray.
Target will often donate its unused, returned or seasonal merchandise (particularly clothing) to Goodwill Industries.
Environmental record[edit]
In 2007, Target Corporation agreed to reduce their sales on all materials containing polyvinyl chloride (PVC).[88] Testers found toxic lead and phthalates and large amounts of PVC in toys, lunchboxes, baby bibs, jewelry, garden hoses, mini blinds, Christmas trees, and electronics.[88] Several studies have shown that chemicals in vinyl chloride can cause serious health problems for children and adults.[88] The University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago states that people who use products containing PVC can become exposed with harmful toxic phthalates and lead, which eventually can become a big contributor with dioxins.[88] Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment, and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."[88] Other companies reducing the PVC on their shelves include Walmart, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, and Apple.[88] Target stores have been taking environmental measures by reusing materials within their stores and recycling products such as broken hangers, cardboard, and rechargeable batteries.[89] Target is beginning to reduce energy use with energy-efficient storefronts and reducing waste with recycling programs.[90] All Target stores in the United States use plastic carts with metal frames. In mid-2006, Target took it a step further when it began introducing a newer cart design made entirely of plastic. It also uses the same design in its hand-use baskets.[91]
Target released a 13-page report in 2007 that outlined their current and future plans for becoming more earth-friendly according to LEED. Such efforts include installing sand filtration systems for the stores' wastewater. Recycling programs will be aimed at garment hangers, corrugated cardboard, electronics, shopping carts, shrink wrap, construction wastes, carpeting and ceiling tiles and roofing materials. All stores in Oklahoma will be partnered with Oklahoma Gas & Electric to exclusively use wind power for all Target stores in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Stores nationwide use only LED and fluorescent lights and low-flow restrooms that reduce waste water by 30%. Some Target stores are installing roof gardens or green roofs, which absorb storm water and cut down on surface runoff, mitigate temperature fluctuations and provide habitats for birds. There are currently four green-roof Target stores in Chicago.
Target carries over 700 organic and alternative products from brands such as Archer Farms, Burt's Bees, and Method Products. They also sell clothes made from organic cotton, non-toxic cleaners, low-energy lighting and electronics, non-toxic and non-animal tested cosmetics, and furniture made from recycled materials. As of June 2007[update], Target has been offering reusable shopping bags as an alternative to disposable plastic bags. Target gift cards are made from corn-based resins. All of the stores' packaging is done with a modified paperboard/clamshell option and has goals for phasing out plastic wrap completely.[92]
In collaboration with MBH Architects, Target's first "green" building was a 100,000+ square foot Target store built in 1995 in Fullerton, California. It was a part of the EPA Energy Star Showcase for its use of skylights that cut the original energy consumption by 24% with a 5-year payback.[93] Target and MBH Architects were awarded the "Green Lights Partner/Ally of the Year Award".[94]
Target is the only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. In 2007, this program prevented 434 million hangers from entering landfills.
On June 15, 2009, the California Attorney General and 20 California District Attorneys filed a lawsuit in Alameda County alleging that Target stores across the state have been illegally dumping hazardous wastes in landfills.[95]
On October 1, 2009, Target Corporation agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty for importing and selling a variety of toys with lead paint levels that were higher than is legally allowed. The Consumer Products Safety Commission alleged that "Target knowingly imported and sold the illegal Chinese-made toys between May 2006 and August 2007."[96] A similar problem occurred a few months later in February 2010, when Target pulled Valentine's Day "message bears" from its shelves at the request of the California attorney general's office. The bears, which were manufactured in China, contained more lead than is permissible under federal law for children under 12.[97]
A class action suit was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, on behalf of consumers in Ohio that purchased Target-brand wet wipes. The lawsuit filed against Target Corporation alleges the retailer misled consumers by marking the packaging on its up & up® brand wipes as flushable and safe for sewer and septic systems. The lawsuit also alleges that so-called flushable wipes are a public health hazard because they are alleged to clog pumps at municipal waste-treatment facilities.[98]
Customer privacy[edit]
In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.[99][100] Compromised customer information included names, phone numbers, email and mailing addresses.[101] In March 2015, Target reached a class-action settlement with affected consumers for $10 million (plus class-action attorney fees).[102] In May 2016, Target settled with affected banks and credit unions for $39 million (plus class-action attorney fees), of which $19 million would be disbursed by a MasterCard program.[103]
Corporate identity[edit]
Logo[edit]
96% of American consumers recognize the Target Bullseye logo.[104]







Original Target logo (1962–67)









Second Target logo (1968–present)









Third Target logo (1975–2004) "primary", (1975–present) "secondary"









Fourth Target logo (2004–present)









Target Greatland logo (1990–2006)









Original SuperTarget logo (1995–2005)









Second SuperTarget logo (2006–present)









CityTarget logo (2012–15)









TargetExpress logo (2014–15)




Differentiation from competitors[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Target Corporation competes directly against other discount retailers, mainly Kmart and Walmart. Since its founding, it has intended to differentiate its stores from its competitors by offering what it believes is more upscale, trend-forward merchandise at lower costs, rather than the traditional concept of focusing on low-priced goods. Douglas J. Dayton, one of the Dayton brothers, explained John Geisse's concept:


“
"We will offer high-quality merchandise at low margins, because we are cutting expenses. We would much rather do this than trumpet dramatic price cuts on cheap merchandise."[58]
”


As a result, Target stores tend to attract younger customers than Walmart, among other competitors. The median Target shopper is 41, the youngest of all major discount retailers that Target competes directly against. The median household income of Target's customer base is roughly $63,000. Roughly 76% of Target customers are female, and more than 45% have children at home. About 80% have attended college and 48% have completed college.[105][106]
In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers. It planned to add perishables to their inventory, cut back on discretionary items, and spend three-quarters of their marketing budget on advertising that emphasizes value and includes actual prices of items featured in ads. Target also planned to slow its expansion from about 100 stores a year down to 70 stores a year.[107][108][109]
Target stores are designed to be more attractive than large big-box stores by having wider aisles, drop ceilings, a more attractive presentation of merchandise, and generally cleaner fixtures. Special attention is given to the design of the store environment: graphics reinforce its advertising imagery, while shelves are dressed with contemporary signage, backdrops, and liners, often printed on inexpensive material such as paper, corrugated and foam boards. Some stores, particularly those in the vicinity of major airports, have a bullseye painted on the roof that can be seen from above: the stores in Atlanta, Georgia near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport; Rosemont, Illinois, near O'Hare International Airport; Potomac Yard, Virginia, near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport; College Point, New York (Queens), east of LaGuardia Airport; and Richfield, Minnesota, adjacent to Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport are among such locations.[110] Target doesn't use music in its stores, nor does it promote items or services through its public address system.[citation needed]
Target stores do not sell firearms. In the early 1990s, they ceased sales of toy guns that looked realistic and limited its toy gun selection to ones that were brightly colored and oddly shaped. In 2014, Target also "respectfully" asked their guests to leave any firearms at home when visiting the store.[111] They do not sell tobacco products and have not sold cigarettes since 1996.[112]
Targét[edit]
Some people jokingly give Target the pseudo-French pronunciation /tɑːrˈʒeɪ/ tar-ZHAY, as though it were an upscale boutique. Though this practice is often attributed to Oprah Winfrey's usage on her television show, it is first attested in 1962, the year the first Target store opened. Target once sold a line of shoes called "Miss Targé"[113] this was reinforced by a 1980s television advertisement starring Didi Conn. This pronunciation has also led some people to incorrectly believe that the company is French-owned.[6] In recognition of the nickname's popularity and cachet, Target Corporation licensed its name and logo to Brand Central LLC in 2006, complete with accent over the letter "E" (though this is not correct French spelling) for a new line of clothing intended for more upscale fashion customers. The line, "Targét Couture", was originally sold at Los Angeles-based store Intuition, which deals with high-end brands.[114][115]
Nomenclature[edit]
Target uses a practice that was derived in 1989 from The Walt Disney Company[6] by calling its customers "Guests", its employees "Team Members", and its supervisors "Team Leaders". Also, managers are known as "Executive Team Leaders (ETLs)" and the Store Manager is known as the "Store Team Leader (STL)". Further up the "chain of command" are "District Team Leaders (DTL)", "Group Team Leaders (GTL)", Regional Team Leaders (RTL) (sometimes also Regional Vice President), and finally corporate-level executives.
Product lines and partnerships[edit]
Target has many exclusive deals with various designers and name brands, including Finnish design company Marimekko; architect Michael Graves; athletic wear company Converse; Italian fashion label Fiorucci; fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, Liz Lange, Mossimo Giannulli, and Isaac Mizrahi, among others. To further increase their fashion profile, Target also created its fashion-forward Go International line, which hires famous designers to design collections available only for a few months.[116]
Target, after hiring architect Michael Graves to design the scaffolding used to renovate the Washington Monument and contributing $6 million USD to the restoration plan, introduced its first designer line of products in 1999, the Michael Graves Collection of housewares and home decor products.[116] Walmart and Kmart have followed Target's lead by signing exclusive designers to their stores as well. Target also partners with well-established national brands to create exclusive collections for its stores.[116]
Target also signed an exclusive deal with Food Network to sell VHS tapes of TV shows featuring popular chefs such as Alton Brown, Paula Deen, and Rachael Ray.[when?][citation needed]
In 2005, Target introduced a major revision of prescription bottles, which it calls the ClearRx system. The redesigned bottles are color-coded, flattened-out and turned upside down, providing more room for the label. This system was based on the patent[117] by student Deborah Adler and was named one of TIME's "Most Amazing Inventions of 2005".[118]
Sometimes manufacturers will create red-colored items exclusively for Target. In 2002, Nintendo produced a red special edition variant of the Game Boy Advance, which featured the Target logo above the screen.[119]
In 2005, IFC began a partnership with Target to promote a selection of independent films, both in Target stores and on IFC Monday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern. Originally titled IFC Cinema Red, the promotion was rebranded on-air as The Spotlight in 2007. The in-store headers refer to the selected titles as IFC Indies – Independent films chosen for Target by the Independent Film Channel.[120]
In 2016, Target began to enforce gender neutrality in its marketing of toys, and no longer explicitly listed specific toys as being for "boys" or "girls". This practice was expanded with the February 2016 launch of a new children's decor line, Pillowfort, which will replace its Circo brand and feature more gender-neutral designs and color schemes.[121]
Gift cards[edit]
The Target GiftCard is the retailing division's stored-value card or gift card. Target sells more gift cards than any other retailer in the United States and is one of the top sellers, by dollars and units, in the world.[122] The unique designs of their cards contribute to their higher sales, as well as Target's policy of no expiration dates or service fees.[123] Past and current designs include lenticular, "scratch and sniff" (such as peppermint during the Christmas season), glow in the dark, LED light-up, a gift card on the side of a bubble blower, a gift card that can function as a CD-ROM, and even a gift card that allows the sender to record a voice message. A current environmentally friendly gift card is made from bioplastic manufactured from corn.[124] Target rolled out a new MP3 player gift card for the 2006 holiday season. It holds 12 songs and must be purchased with an initial value of at least $50.
Beginning in January 2010, Target Stores rolled out Mobile GiftCards, through which one can produce a GiftCard barcode on any web-capable cell phone. This data matrix barcode can be scanned at a Target POS like any physical card barcode, and balances can be stored, retrieved, and gifted with the convenience of a cell phone.[citation needed]
Some of these unique design ideas are patented, and these patents are assigned to the Target Brands subsidiary. For example, some such Target GiftCard designs feature a wooden front side. On May 24, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted U.S. patent D505,450 for the "ornamental design for a credit or stored value card with wood layer" to inventors Amy L. Lauer and John D. Mayhew.[125] U.S. patent 7004398, for the "stored-value card assembly including a stored-value card, an edible product, and a wrapper", was granted to Michael R. Francis and Barry C. Brooks on February 28, 2006.[126] Both patents have been assigned by their inventors to Target Brands, Inc.
Target GiftCards are also collectors items. Some of the first gift cards issued are valued at over $300 (even though the card doesn't have any money on it). Every year, Target introduces new Holiday GiftCards. In 2007, Target's Holiday GiftCards featured a wind-up flashlight, a musical gift card, a gift card that lights up, and a scented gift card.
Target Forensic Services[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2006, The Washington Post revealed that Target is operating two sophisticated criminal forensics laboratories, one at its headquarters and the other in Las Vegas.[127] Originally, the lab was created with the role of investigating internal instances of theft, fraud, and other criminal actions that have occurred on its own properties. Eventually, the company began offering pro bono services to law enforcement agencies across the country. Target's Forensic Services has assisted agencies at all levels of government, including such federal agencies as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Secret Service. In fact, the labs have become such a popular resource for law enforcement that Target has had to restrict its assistance to violent felonies.[128][129]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
Animal welfare concerns[edit]
In 2011, Mercy for Animals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing cruelty to farmed animals and promoting compassionate food choices and policies, uncovered animal abuse at a Target egg supplier.[130] Hidden-camera footage shot at Sparboe Farms—a significant egg supplier to Hy-Vee, McDonald's, Sam's Club, SuperValu, and Target—revealed hens crammed into filthy wire cages, unable to fully stretch their wings or engage in most other natural behaviors. The investigator documented workers burning off chicks' beaks without painkillers, torturing animals, and throwing live birds into plastic bags and leaving them to suffocate. Dead hens were left to rot alongside birds that were still laying eggs for human consumption.[citation needed]
The investigation received international media attention; it aired first on ABC's Good Morning America,[131] World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer,[132] and 20/20.[133] As a result of the investigation and the public outcry that followed, Target immediately discontinued its relationship with the company.[134][135][136] Moreover, in January 2016, Target Corp. announced that it will discontinue the use of eggs from caged hens, and become entirely cage-free by the year 2025.[137]
"Bathroom policy" and boycott[edit]
In April 2016, Target announced on its website that it would allow transgender customers and employees access to use restrooms and changing areas that correspond with the gender with which they identify, except where local laws require otherwise. The New York Times called this "the most prominent position taken by a national retailer".[138] In response, the American Family Association (AFA) launched a nationwide boycott; by April 28 about one million people had signed the AFA's petition.[139][140] Numerous other faith groups responded with criticism, although some were more measured.[citation needed] Target saw a drop in consumer polls, from 42% to 38%, around the time the policy was announced.[141] In mid-May, CEO Cornell said the boycott impacted "just a handful of stores across the country".[142] Some observers, such as Fortune's Phil Wahba, believed that Target's bathroom policy may have caused part of Target's drop in shopper traffic during the second quarter of 2016. On August 17, Target announced it would add a third, private, single-stall locking bathroom at many of its stores.[143] In 2017, Cornell claimed not to know about, or have approved, the policy before it was published. The policy cost the business US$20 million and caused sales to fall nearly 6% in the three quarters following.[144][143]
Major sponsorships[edit]




The Target Chip Ganassi Racing IndyCar visiting Purdue University







This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Events[edit]

Target often supports major awards shows, such as the Emmys, Golden Globes, Grammys, and Oscars.
Target Corporation is a major sponsor of the annual Minneapolis Aquatennial, where it hosts the Target Fireworks Show, the largest annual fireworks show west of the Mississippi River and the fourth largest annual fireworks show in the United States.[145]
Target was a sponsor of the 2006–2007 New Year's Times Square Ball Drop and had its logo placed on the confetti dropped during the celebrations as well as specially designed "2007" glasses.[146]

Sports[edit]
Chip Ganassi Racing[edit]
Target is a long-time sponsor of the IndyCar and NASCAR racing teams of Chip Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target's relationship with Ganassi in IndyCar go back to 1990 when it began sponsoring Eddie Cheever. Some of their most famous drivers in the 1990s include Michael Andretti, Bryan Herta, and Arie Luyendyk. In the late 1990s, Target Chip Ganassi Racing had a four-year run of winning championships in CART, winning 1996 with Jimmy Vasser, 1997 and 1998 with Alex Zanardi, and 1999 with Juan Pablo Montoya.[citation needed] Ganassi won their first Indianapolis 500 in 2000. The team moved full-time into the rival Indy Racing League in 2003,[citation needed] and won in its first year of full-time competition, with Scott Dixon. Dixon won the championship again in 2008. The 2009 season marked the 20th anniversary of the Target race program. Franchitti won his second career IndyCar championship, and with Scott Dixon finishing second, gave Target a one-two sweep in the IndyCar Series. Dixon and Franchitti won 10 of 17 races (Dixon-5, Franchitti-5) and tied the team record from 1998 where Alex Zanardi and Jimmy Vasser combined to win 10 in the 19-race 1998 CART season. In 2010, Franchitti won the Indianapolis 500. He also won the series championship for the Target team, by five points over second-place finisher Will Power.[citation needed]
Target started sponsoring stock cars in 2001 with Sterling Marlin when Chip Ganassi bought into the Felix Sabates stock car team.[citation needed] In the 2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season, the No. 41 Chip Ganassi Target car was driven by Jimmy Spencer, and from 2003 to 2005, Casey Mears drove the car. In 2006, Reed Sorenson took over the No. 41 when Mears moved to a different Chip Ganassi car on the same team. Sorenson drove the car through the 2008 season, and Target has also had some major sponsorship time on the Ganassi Racing No. 40 car with Dario Franchitti and Jeremy Mayfield who subbed for the injured Franchitti. The 40 team has since been shut down. For 2009, the Target sponsorship moved to the No. 42 driven by Juan Pablo Montoya with the newly formed Earnhardt Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target also sponsored Earnhardt Ganassi Racing's No. 8 car driven by Aric Almirola, which it co-sponsors in some races with other sponsors such as Guitar Hero and TomTom until the team was disbanded in May 2009. Kyle Larson took over the No. 42 in 2014 and Target sponsored the No. 51 of Phoenix Racing for Larson's Sprint Cup Series debut.[147]
The Target Chip Ganassi[148] car driven by Dario Franchitti won the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday, May 30, 2010.[149]
Target will be ending its association with IndyCar racing at the end of the 2016 season.[150]
Minnesota United FC[edit]
In January 2017, Minnesota United FC, a Major League Soccer expansion team debuting for the 2017 Season, announced that Target would be the team's front-of-jersey match kit sponsor, as well as sponsoring MLS overall. This brings one of the largest sponsors in the league, especially for an expansion team making its debut appearance. The team also has an advantage of having a large, well-known hometown brand versus an entity outside the region, in addition to the financial benefits of such a large sponsor.
Naming rights[edit]
Target owns the naming rights to the Target Center and Target Field in Minneapolis.
Radio[edit]
Target is the founding sponsor of the Weekend America radio program.
See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Design For All (product line)

References[edit]


^ a b "2016 Annual Report" (PDF). corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 29, 2017. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Annual Report". corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d Tuttle, Brad. "Why Target Is Focusing on Millennials and Cities Instead of Suburban Moms". MONEY.com. Retrieved October 12, 2016. 
^ Leinward, Paul; Mainardi, Cesare (December 15, 2010). "Why Can’t Kmart Be Successful While Target and Walmart Thrive?". Harvard Business Review. Harvard Business Publishing. Retrieved March 17, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n "Target Corporation History". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25067-8. 
^ a b "Lipman Wolfe and Co.". Pdxhistory.com. June 24, 2006. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "History of Lechmere Inc. – FundingUniverse". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ Richard Halverson (May 2, 1994). "Ulrich moving up at DH: speculation mounts about naming a successor – Robert Ulrich becomes chairman of Dayton Hudson Corp". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c "1962–1992 Dayton's dream is on Target". Discount Store News. April 20, 1992. [permanent dead link]
^ Sidney Rutberg (February 1984). "Plums fall doesn't cause too many shock waves". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ "Dayton Hudson, sour on Plums, sells its 11-month-old off-pricer". Discount Store News. March 19, 1984. Archived from the original on July 13, 2012. 
^ "Dayton-Hudson In Dillard Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target closes Everyday Hero in Mall of America". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. September 11, 1997. 
^ "Target Stores to Close Experimental [sic] Clearance Outlets". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved July 27, 2005. 
^ "Unsolicited J.C. Penney Offer Rejected By Dayton Hudson". The Seattle Times. April 25, 1996. 
^ a b c "Target Corporation 2000 Annual Report" (PDF). Target Corporation. 
^ "MPR PARENT SELLS RIVERTOWN TRADING CO. TO DAYTON HUDSON". Archived from the original on July 2, 2006. Retrieved July 12, 2014. 
^ a b "Associated Merchandising Corporation". The American Chamber of Commerce in Thailand. 
^ "Target buys Fedco for SuperT". Discount Store News. July 26, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target may step up NE rollouts; debuts long-awaited e-tail site". Discount Store News. September 20, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ a b "Target is the name". Discount Store News. February 21, 2000. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target Corporation 2001 Annual Report". Target Corporation. 
^ a b "Global Team: Bangalore". Target. Archived from the original on March 9, 2013. 
^ "Target Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share $1.29". Target Corporation. February 27, 2007. 
^ "Target admits it missed the mark, but what does it mean for Canadian retail? - Business - CBC News". Cbc.ca. January 15, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Hey Target, here's how you expand into Canada, courtesy of Wal-Mart". Macleans.ca. August 20, 2014. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "Target can't get out of Canada fast enough". Fortune.com. April 2, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Target Corp’s spectacular Canada flop: A gold standard case study for what retailers shouldn’t do | Financial Post". Business.financialpost.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "News Releases: Hot Off the Press & Archives | Target Corporate". Pressroom.target.ca. Archived from the original on April 30, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c "Target Through the Years". Target Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b "Target Launches Smaller CityTarget Stores To Appeal To Urban Shoppers". The Huffington Post. AOL. July 18, 2012. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Target’s 2016 store plan: urban, urban and more urban". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. December 23, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "New Store, Big City: Target to Open in Queens, N.Y., in 2016". Target Corporation. August 26, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target, Starbucks agree to add coffee shops to new Target stores". Louisville Business First. American City Business Journals. October 11, 2002. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Wanba, Phil (February 3, 2016). "CVS Opens First Pharmacies Within Target Stores". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target to add ‘PFresh’ grocery concept at 350 stores". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. November 18, 2006. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (August 13, 2010). "Target Closing All Remaining Garden Centers". Consumerist. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Moore, Paula (January 7, 2011). "Target to roll out ‘PFresh’ concept store at Belmar center in Lakewood". Denver Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Zimmerman, Ann (May 12, 2009). "Target Believes a Rebound Recipe Is in Grocery Aisle". Wall Street Journal. News Corp. Retrieved March 10, 2006. 
^ "E-Trade closes trading stations". San Francisco Business Times. American City Business Journals. June 6, 2003. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target Corporation Company Statistics". Statistic Brain Research Institute. September 3, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Harris, Elizabeth (January 16, 2014). "Target Tests Small Store for Urban Shoppers as Young People Pick Cities Over Suburbs". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Halter, Nick (August 4, 2015). "Target's dropping its TargetExpress and CityTarget names for small stores". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved August 26, 2015. 
^ "Dinkytown mini-Target store will open in July" Archived September 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Chusman & Wakefield Retail Services. July 7, 2014.
^ Trinh, Jean (October 17, 2015). "Target Stores Planned For Koreatown And Near USC". LAist. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Keeping Things Simple: Rebranding our CityTarget and TargetExpress Stores". A Bullseye View. Target Corporation. August 4, 2015. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Vendor Compliance". Target Corporation. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ "Target up & up Brand Offers Great Quality at Low Prices". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "up & up". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "Target aims for stars with new kids apparel brand Cat & Jack". Star Tribune. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Target.com Site Info". Alexa Internet. Retrieved February 16, 2017. 
^ "Site Profile for target.com (rank #28) | Compete". Siteanalytics.compete.com. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "Target to Build and Manage New Target.com Platform / Target Corp". Target. August 7, 2009. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target.com Announces Vendor Partners for Re-platforming Effort / Target Corp". Target. January 11, 2010. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Launches Redesigned E-Commerce Website / Target Corp". Target. August 23, 2011. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Corporate Fact Sheet". corporate.target.com. Retrieved May 31, 2016. 
^ a b From Roseville to Greatland, Target still hits the mark[permanent dead link], Discount Store News, September 17, 1990.
^ "Target Meets With Suppliers About RFID Plans". InformationWeek. August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target announces workforce reduction". January 29, 2009. 
^ a b c "Target aims for FL food distribution center". Refrigerated Transporter. February 1, 2007. 
^ a b c "Target Stores, Target Distribution Centers". Target. 
^ Target Lights create evolving Minneapolis landmark, Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal, April 11, 2003.
^ "Target Mpls skyline light show to go high def". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. May 13, 2011. Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ "Corporate Headquarters Archived November 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.." Target Corporation. Retrieved on July 8, 2010. "Target Corporate Headquarters 1000 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55440"
^ "Target Office Towers." City of Minneapolis. Retrieved on July 8, 2010.
^ Crosby, jACKIE (January 20, 2016). "Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting homes of customers". Star Tribune. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Ziobro, Paul (January 19, 2016). "Home Depot Replaces Head of U.S. Stores Business". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Diversity Statement Archived June 29, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation.
^ Target Diversity website, Target Corporation.
^ "Supplier Diversity: Minority and Women Business Development Program". Target Corporation. 
^ "Profile: Target Corp.". Human Rights Campaign. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "NAACP 2005 Industry Surveys Give Five Major Industries "C" and "D" Grades". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "2006 General Merchandising Industry Report Card". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original on November 30, 2006. 
^ Erin Texeira (July 18, 2006). "NAACP Issues Corporate Report Cards". The Washington Post. Associated Press. 
^ Meyers, Michelle. "Blind patrons sue Target for site inaccessibility – CNET News". CNET. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Alexander, Steve (August 27, 2008). "Target settles suit over Web access". Star Tribune. Archived from the original on October 15, 2012. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "EEOC Sues Target For Disability Discrimination". ABC. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 1, 2013. 
^ "Target Stores Sued For Disability Discrimination". Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "World's Most Admired Companies". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2010. 
^ The Most Charitable Companies, Forbes, November 14, 2005.
^ Target and The Salvation Army Announce Partnership Archived February 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2005.
^ Target Launches Multi-Faceted Christmas Partnership With The Salvation Army Archived November 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2006.
^ Salvation Army Giving Tree Archived November 28, 2005, at the Wayback Machine., Target.com.
^ Magician David Blaine Ends Latest Stunt by Escaping From Gyroscope in NYC, FOXNews.com, November 24, 2006.
^ a b c d e f "Target Stores to Phase Out Vinyl Plastic Products". Environment News Service. November 12, 2007. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Target Corporation 2006 Awards. Retrieved May 4, 2008 Archived April 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Green Commerce Is Good Commerce". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ plasticsdesign.org
^ Target Corporation. "Environmental Responsibility." Target Corporation Responsibility Report Archived May 29, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. June 2007. Date Accessed: April 16, 2008
^ Dobrovolny, Peter. "Sustainability: High Performance Buildings Deliver Increased Retail Sales." Seattle.gov. Date accessed: March 17, 2008
^ Brookter, Carolyn. "Target receives National Energy-efficiency award; EPA Partnerships Signify Commitment to Environment and Communities Archived May 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.." Business Wire. June 4, 1996. Date accessed: April 16, 2008.
^ "Attorney general targets Target". Press-Banner. Scotts Valley, Calif. June 26, 2009. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target penalized for toys with lead paint, AZ Central. August 1, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Target Bears Recall (Photo) "Message Bears" for Valentine's Day Pulled". National Ledger. February 10, 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2010. 
^ Lorenzo B. Cellini; Tycko & Zavareei LLP (April 18, 2014). "Class Action Lawsuit Alleges That Target-Brand Flushable Wipes Are Not Suitable For Flushing And Can Clog Pipes And Damage Sewer And Septic Systems". The National Law Review. Retrieved April 19, 2014. 
^ "Target says data breach up to 110 mn customers Archived January 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.." AFP. Retrieved on December 27, 2013.
^ "Target confirms encrypted PIN data stolen." USA Today. Retrieved on May 23, 2015.
^ "Target: Breach affected millions more customers" Yahoo! Finance. Retrieved on May 22, 2015.
^ Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery (March 19, 2015). "Target will pay hack victims $10 million". CNNMoney. 
^ "Target Data Breach Settlement With Banks Gets Final OK". Bloomberg BNA/Bloomberg Law. Retrieved May 21, 2016. 
^ "10 Things You Didn’t Know about Target". Retrieved February 13, 2017.  ("Sure, 96 percent of people may recognize the Target Bullseye logo,")
^ "Community of Grand Forks". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on December 19, 2007. Retrieved June 11, 2007. 
^ "Corporate Fact Card" (PDF). Target Corporation. October 10, 2007. 
^ "Value For Money Is Back – Target Does Marketing Right". Marketing Doctor Blog. October 23, 2008. Archived from the original on January 12, 2009. 
^ "Target to emphasize value, add perishables". Market Watch. October 23, 2008. 
^ "Earnings Preview – Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)". iStockAnalyst. November 15, 2008. 
^ "Target on roof top in Rosemont, IL". Google Maps. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ "Cheers, grumbles for Target no guns request". USA Today. 
^ Corporate Responsibility Report (PDF) Archived July 16, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation, January 31, 2006.
^ davek70s (September 1, 2011). "Target 1970". YouTube. Retrieved November 29, 2016. 
^ Mui, Ylan Q. (June 20, 2006). "Where "Target" Will Always Be "Tar-Zhay"". The Washington Post. 
^ "Gabrielle Union Demonstrating New Targét Couture Line at Brand's Launch Day". celebutopia.net. 
^ a b c Is Target making a Graves mistake? Archived March 12, 2007, at the Wayback Machine., Discount Store News, February 8, 1999.
^ US patent application 20030214129: Medication packaging and labeling system, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Best Inventions 2005: Healthy Options, Time, November 21, 2005.
^ Target Gets Exclusive New GBA Color!, Nintendo World Report, Billy Berghammer, November 25, 2002.
^ Target welcomes indies Archived April 24, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., BNET, July 2006.
^ "Target takes gender-neutral approach with new kids home brand". Star-Tribune. Retrieved February 8, 2006. 
^ Target Corporation’s Third Quarter Earnings Release conference call, Securities Information from the SEC EDGAR database, November 11, 2004.
^ "About GiftCards: GiftCards". Target. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target's Bioplastic Gift Card, treehugger, January 31, 2006.
^ US design patent D505,450: Credit or stored value card with wood layer, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ U.S. Patent 7,004,398: Stored-value card with edible product, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Office of the Arizona Attorney General (2006). Target Corporation Assets Protection (PDF). 
^ "Retailer Target Branches Out Into Police Work". The Washington Post. January 29, 2006. 
^ "Target sets sights on hard-to-crack cases". CNN. February 9, 2006. 
^ "McDonald's Cruelty: The Rotten Truth About Egg McMuffins". Mercy For Animals. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ "ABC News Investigation: What's In Your Breakfast". ABC News Good Morning America. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's - Friday, November 18, 2011". ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Galli, Cindy. "McDonald's, Target Dump Egg Supplier After Investigation". ABC News 20/20. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Ford, Dana. "McDonald's, Target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report". CNN. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ Hughlett, Mike. "McDonald's, Target fire Minnesota egg company". Star Tribune. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's Drops Large McMuffin Egg Supplier". ABC News. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "Target stores switching to cage-free eggs by 2025". Chicago Sun-Times. January 20, 2016. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 27, 2016). "Target Steps Out in Front of Bathroom Choice Debate". The New York Times. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "More than 700,000 pledge to boycott Target over transgender bathroom policy". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ Wahba, Phil (April 28, 2016). "Nearly 1 Million Sign Pledge to Boycott Target Over Bathroom Policy". Fortune. Retrieved May 2, 2016. 
^ "Target brand perception falls, but it's not 'catastrophic'". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ "Target Says Boycotts Over Bathroom Policy Not Hurting Sales". Fortune. May 18, 2016. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ a b "Target's Transgender-Friendly Bathroom Policy Is Costing It $20 Million". Fortune. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hayley Peterson (April 6, 2017). "The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided". Yahoo! News. Business Insider. 
^ "Target Fireworks Show". 2011 Minneapolis Aquatennial. July 23, 2011. Archived from the original on January 21, 2013. 
^ "A Very Confetti New Year's". TIME. January 2, 2007. 
^ Ryan, Nate (October 1, 2013). "Kyle Larson to make Sprint Cup debut at Charlotte". USA Today. Retrieved October 14, 2013. 
^ "Target Ganassi Racing Sponsors". Chip Ganassi Racing. Archived from the original on March 25, 2013. 
^ "Franchitti Savors Sweet Second Indianapolis 500 Victory". Indianapolis Motor Speedway. May 30, 2010. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Cavin, Curt (August 22, 2016). "Going Off Target". Autoweek: 42–44. 


Bibliography[edit]

Leebrick, Kristal (2013). Dayton's: A Twin Cities Institution.
Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-Eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-25067-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Target Corporation.



Official website retailing website

Target Corporation corporate website
Target International Shopping Page
The Associated Merchandising Corporation





Business data for Target Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Growth of Target, 1962–2008
Political contributions and lobbying from the National Institute on Money in State Politics







v
t
e


Target Corporation



Current assets



Target
SuperTarget
Flexible format Target





Former assets



B. Dalton
Dayton's
Diamond's
Hudson's
John A. Brown
Lipman's
Lechmere
Marshall Field's
Mervyn's
Target Canada





Brands



Design For All
Go International
Mossimo





Key people



George Dayton
John Geisse
Douglas Dayton
Bob Ulrich
Gregg Steinhafel
Brian Cornell





Related



Bullseye
History
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.
Target Plaza South












v
t
e


Marshall Field's



Parent companies



Batus Inc.
Dayton-Hudson/Target Corporation
The May Department Stores Company
Federated Department Stores/Macy's Inc.





Associated stores



Frederick & Nelson
The Crescent
Ivey's





Store conversions



Dayton's
Hudson's





Related



Marshall Field
Marshall Field's Wholesale Store
Marshall Field and Company Building
Marshall Field and Company Store
Frango












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Supermarket chains in the United States



Kroger



Baker's Supermarkets
City Market
Dillons
Food 4 Less

Foods Co.


Fred Meyer
Fry's Food & Drug
Gerbes Super Markets
Harris Teeter
Jay C
King Soopers
Kroger
Owen's
Pay Less Super Markets
QFC
Ralphs
Roundy's (Pick 'n Save, Mariano's, Metro Market, Copp's)
Ruler Foods
Scott's
Smith's





Albertsons



Acme Markets
Albertsons
Amigos
Carrs
Haggen
Jewel-Osco
Lucky
Market Street
Pavilions
Randalls
Safeway
Shaw's and Star Market
Super Saver
Tom Thumb
United Supermarkets
Vons





SuperValu



County Market
Cub
Farm Fresh
Hornbacher's
Shop 'n Save
Shoppers





Ahold Delhaize



Food Lion
Giant-Carlisle
Giant-Landover
Hannaford Brothers Company
Martin's Food Markets
Stop & Shop





Southeastern Grocers



BI-LO
Fresco y Más
Harveys Supermarkets
Winn-Dixie





Wakefern



PriceRite
ShopRite
The Fresh Grocer





Other national chains



Target
Walmart





Regional chains





Asian




GW Supermarket
H Mart
Hong Kong Supermarket
Island Pacific Supermarket
Lion Supermarket
Marina Food
Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
Mitsuwa Marketplace
Nijiya Market
Seafood City
Shun Fat Supermarket
Tawa

99 Ranch Market
168 Market


Uwajimaya






Hispanic




Bravo
El Ahorro Supermarket
Fiesta Foods
Fiesta Mart
La Perla Tapatía Supermarkets
Más Club
Mi Pueblo Food Center
Supermercados Teloloapan
Vallarta Supermarkets






Organic




Earth Fare
Natural Grocers
Sprouts Farmers Market
Trader Joe's
Whole Foods Market






Wholesale




BJ's Wholesale Club
Cash & Carry
Costco
Sam's Club






Conventional




Acme Fresh Market
Aldi
Amigo
Balducci's
Bashas'
Best Market
Big Y
Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
Bristol Farms
Brookshire Brothers
Brookshire Grocery Company
Buehler Food Markets Inc.
C-Town Supermarkets
Central Market
D&W Fresh Market
Dave's Markets
Dean & DeLuca
DeMoulas Market Basket
Dierbergs Markets
Don Quijote

Times Supermarkets


Dorothy Lane Market
Easy-Way Store
Econofoods
Family Fare
Fairway Market
Fareway
Festival Foods
Festival Foods (Minnesota)
Food Giant
Food City
Foodarama
FoodLand
Foodtown

Pathmark


Gelson's
Gerland Corporation
Giant Eagle
Grand Mart
Gristedes
Grocery Outlet
Harmons
Harps Food Stores
H-E-B
Heinen's Fine Foods
Highland Park Market
Homeland
Houchens
Hugo's
Hy-Vee
IGA
Ingles
Inserra Supermarkets
Jerry's Foods
Jungle Jim's International Market
Karns Quality Foods
Key Food

Super Fresh
The Food Emporium


King Kullen
Kings Super Markets
Kuhn's Quality Foods
Lewis Food Town
Lidl
Lowe's Market
Lowes Foods
Lund Food Holdings
Magruder's
Marc's
Market Basket
Market of Choice
Marsh Supermarkets
Martin's Super Markets
Meijer
Met Foods
Miracle Mart
Mollie Stone's Markets
Morton Williams
New Seasons Market
Niemann Foods
No Frills Supermarkets
Nugget Markets
PCC Natural Markets
Petrini's
Piggly Wiggly
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
Pink Dot
Price Chopper / Price Mart
Price Chopper Supermarkets
Publix
Pueblo
Raley's Supermarkets
Red Owl
Redner's Markets
Remke Markets
Rice Epicurean Markets
Ridley's Family Markets
Roche Bros.
Rosauers Supermarkets
Rouses
Russ's Market
Save-A-Lot
Save Mart Supermarkets
SaveRite
Schnucks
Scolari's Food and Drug
Seafood City
Sedano's
Sellers Bros.
Sendik's Food Market
Sentry Foods
Seven Mile Market
Shop 'n Save
Smart & Final
SpartanNash
Stanley Stores
Star Market
Stater Bros.
Stew Leonard's
Strack & Van Til
Straub's Markets
Sullivan Family of Companies

Foodland Hawaii


Supermercados Econo
Supermercados Selectos
Super Dollar Discount Foods
Super One Foods
Super Saver Foods (B&R Stores)
The Fresh Market
Tops Friendly Markets
United Grocery Outlet
URM Stores
Valu King
Victory Supermarkets
Village Market Food Center
Weaver Street Market
Wegmans
Weis Markets
Westborn Market
Western Beef
WinCo Foods
Woodman's Markets
Yoke's Fresh Market
Zabar's
Zupan's Markets








Defunct banners



A-Mart
A&P

Food Basics
Pathmark
Waldbaum's


ABCO Foods
Alpha Beta
Andronico's
AppleTree Markets
Belle Foods
Big Bear Stores
Big Star Markets
Bloom
Bottom Dollar Food
Bruno's
Buttrey Food & Drug
Byrd's
Carter's Foods
Chatham
Clemens Markets
Colonial Stores
Dahl's Foods
Daniel Reeves Stores
David's Supermarkets
Davis Food City
Delchamps
Deskins
Dick's Supermarket
Dominick's
Eagle Food Centers
Eberhard's
Eisner Food Stores
Farmer Jack
Felpausch
Finast
Fisher Foods
Food Fair
Food World
Food-a-rama
Fresh & Easy
Furr's
Genuardi's
Giant Open Air
Glen's Markets
Grand Union
Hamady Brothers
Henry's Farmers Market
Hills Supermarkets
Hinky Dinky
Jitney Jungle
Johnnie's Foodmaster
Kessel Food Markets
Laneco
Marketside
Mars
Minyard Food Stores
National Supermarkets
National Tea
Omni Superstore
Penn Fruit
Penn Traffic
Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets
Plus
Purity Supreme
Quality Markets
QFI
Red Food
Reid's
Schaffer Stores Company
Seaway Food Town
Seessel's
Simon David
Skaggs Companies
Southern Family Markets
Sunflower Farmers Market
Sunflower Market
Super Duper
Sweetbay Supermarket
Tidyman's
Twin Valu
Ukrop's Super Markets
Warehouse Economy Outlet
Weingarten's
Wild Oats Markets
Xpect Discounts








List of supermarket chains in the United States









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140993075
ISNI: 0000 0004 0437 6013










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Target_Corporation&oldid=791973527"					
Categories: Target CorporationCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies established in 1902Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies of the United States1902 establishments in MinnesotaSuperstores in the United StatesDiscount stores of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1962Pharmacies of the United StatesHealth care companies based in MinnesotaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from April 2017Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from February 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from June 2007Articles with a promotional tone from April 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from October 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011Articles with unsourced statements from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from April 2017Articles needing additional references from December 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesiaಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 17:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Target Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Target Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Target Corp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the defunct Canadian subsidiary, see Target Canada. For the separate Australian company, see Target Australia.

Target Corporation





Target Corporation headquarters in Minneapolis




Formerly called

Goodfellow Dry Goods
(1902–1962)



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TGT
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
June 24, 1902; 115 years ago (1902-06-24)


Founder
George Dayton


Headquarters
Target Plaza North
Target Plaza South
1000 Nicollet Mall, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.



Number of locations

1,802 stores[1] (2016)



Area served

United States (except Vermont)



Key people

Brian Cornell
(Chairman and CEO)
John Mulligan
(EVP and COO)


Products
Beauty and health products; bedding; clothing and accessories; electronics; food; furniture; housewares; jewelry; gardening supplies; pet supplies; shoes; sporting goods; toys/games; small appliances; Office Supplies; Books


Revenue
 US$69.495 billion[2] (2016)



Operating income

 US$4.969 billion[2] (2016)



Net income

 US$2.737 billion[2] (2016)


Total assets
 US$37.431 billion[2] (2016)


Total equity
 US$10.953 billion[2] (2016)



Number of employees

341,000 (2016)


Subsidiaries



Financial and Retail Services
Target Sourcing Services





Website



www.target.com
corporate.target.com





Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.
Target established itself as the highest-earning division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.[3] The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Canadian subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States.
As of 2017, Target operates 1,806[1] stores throughout the United States. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "flexible format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding. Target is often recognized for its emphasis on "the needs of its younger, image-conscious shoppers," whereas its rival Walmart more heavily relies on its strategy of "always low prices."[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 1960s and 1970s
1.3 1980s and 1990s
1.4 2000s and 2010s


2 Store formats

2.1 Target
2.2 SuperTarget
2.3 Flexible format Target


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 Financial and Retail Services
3.2 Target Sourcing Services
3.3 Private label brands
3.4 Website


4 Distribution centers
5 Corporate affairs

5.1 Headquarters
5.2 Diversity
5.3 Philanthropy
5.4 Environmental record
5.5 Customer privacy


6 Corporate identity

6.1 Logo
6.2 Differentiation from competitors
6.3 Targét
6.4 Nomenclature
6.5 Product lines and partnerships
6.6 Gift cards


7 Target Forensic Services
8 Criticism and controversy

8.1 Animal welfare concerns
8.2 "Bathroom policy" and boycott


9 Major sponsorships

9.1 Events
9.2 Sports

9.2.1 Chip Ganassi Racing


9.3 Minnesota United FC

9.3.1 Naming rights


9.4 Radio


10 See also
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of Target Corporation
Early history[edit]




Dayton's Department Store in 1903


The Westminster Presbyterian Church from downtown Minneapolis burned down during the Panic of 1893. Without insurance coverage to cover the financial loss, the congregation found itself unable to rebuild. The church appealed to parishioner George Dayton to purchase an empty corner lot adjacent to the original church in its possession; funds raised from the property's sale allowed the church to rebuild and Dayton constructed a six-story building on his newly purchased property.[5]
Dayton convinced the Reuben Simon Goodfellow Company to move its nearby Goodfellows department store into the newly erected building in 1902, although its owner retired altogether and sold his interest in the store to Dayton.[6] The store was renamed the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1903, and was shortened to the Dayton Company in 1910.[5] The company made its first expansion with the acquisition of the Minneapolis-based jeweler J.B. Hudson & Son right before the Wall Street Crash of 1929; its jewelry store operated in a net loss during the Great Depression, but its department store weathered the economic crisis. Dayton died in 1938 and was succeeded by his son Nelson as the president of the $14 million business.[5] Nelson died in 1950 and was replaced by his own son Donald, who with his cousins replaced the Presbyterian guidelines set by his predecessors with a more secular approach. The company acquired the Lipman's department store company during the 1950s and operated it as a separate division.[7]
1960s and 1970s[edit]
John F. Geisse developed the concept of upscale discount retailing while working for the Dayton Company. Using his concepts, the company opened its first Target discount store at 1515 West County Road B in the Saint Paul suburb of Roseville, Minnesota; Douglas Dayton was its first president. The name "Target" originated from publicity director Stewart K. Widdess, and was intended to prevent consumers from associating the discount store with the department store. It opened three additional units in the first year, and reported its first gain in 1965 with sales reaching $39 million. Later that decade, B. Dalton Bookseller was formed as a subsidiary of the Dayton Company.[6] The parent company acquired the jewelers Shreve & Co. and J.E. Caldwell, the Pickwick Book Shops, and the electronics and appliances chain Lechmere.[5] It also went public with its first offering of common stock,[5] and built its first distribution center in Fridley, Minnesota.[8] In 1969, the Dayton Company itself merged with the Detroit-based J.L. Hudson Company, and together formed the Dayton-Hudson Corporation. The new company, at the time the 14th-largest retailer in the United States, consisted of Target and the department stores Dayton's, Diamond's, Hudson's, John A. Brown, and Lipman's.[5]
Target reached $200 million in sales while Dayton-Hudson acquired Team Electronics and the jewelers C.D. Peacock, Inc. and Jessop and Sons in the 1970s.[5][9] Target reported a decrease in profits in 1972, due to the rapid pace of expansion with the purchase and conversion of several former Arlan's department store locations. New management marked down merchandise to reduce its overstock and only opened one new location that year, Target consequently became Dayton-Hudson's top revenue producer in 1975. Dayton-Hudson was established as the seventh-largest general merchandise retailer in the United States with its acquisition of Mervyn's in 1978.[5]
1980s and 1990s[edit]
Dayton-Hudson sold Lipman's to Marshall Field's (which rebranded them as Frederick & Nelson) and acquired the discount store chain Ayr-Way in 1980,[7] and expanded into the West Coast market with the purchase and conversion of several FedMart stores in 1982.[10] It sold the Dayton-Hudson Jewelers subsidiary to Henry Birks & Sons of Montreal.[5] The company founded the Plums off-price clothing store with four locations in the Los Angeles area in 1983; the following year, it sold the chain to Ross Stores and sold the Diamond's and John A. Brown department stores to Dillard's.[11][12][13] Target was established as the dominant retailer in southern California after purchasing fifty Gemco stores in the state in 1986; that year, Dayton-Hudson sold B. Dalton Bookseller to Barnes & Noble.[6] The acquisition of several Gold Circle and Richway stores assisted its expansion into northwestern and southeastern United States.[10] Later that year, Dayton-Hudson sold Lechmere to a group of investors (including Berkshire Partners).[8]




The exterior of a former Target Greatland store in Laredo, Texas


In 1990, Dayton-Hudson acquired Marshall Field's and opened its first Target Greatland store in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It started the Everyday Hero clothing specialty store with two locations in Minneapolis in 1992,[10] although they were closed in 1997.[14] In 1993, the company created a chain of four closeout stores called Smarts for liquidating clearance merchandise, which was shuttered in 1996.[15] In 1995, the first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska and the Target Guest Card, the discount retail industry's first store credit card, was launched.[5] J. C. Penney offered to buy out Dayton-Hudson for $6.82 billion in 1996, an offer that most analysts had considered as insufficiently valuing the company.[5][16] Target remained the company's main area of growth while the department store subsidiaries underperformed.[17] The middle scale Mervyn's department store chain consisted of 300 units in 16 states, while the upscale department stores division operated 26 Marshall Field's, 22 Hudson's, and 19 Dayton's stores.[5] In an effort to turn the departments around, Mervyn's and Marshall Field's closed several locations.[5]
Dayton-Hudson acquired Greenspring Company's multi-catalog direct marketing unit Rivertown Trading Company and the apparel supplier Associated Merchandising Corporation in 1998.[18][19] In 1999, Dayton-Hudson acquired Fedco in order to expand its SuperTarget operation into southern California.[17][20] Revenue for Dayton-Hudson increased to $33.7 billion, and net income reached $1.14 billion, passing $1 billion for the first time and nearly tripling the 1996 profits of $463 million. On September 7, 1999, Dayton-Hudson launched Target.com website as an e-commerce site as part of its discount retail division.[21]
2000s and 2010s[edit]
In January 2000, Dayton-Hudson was renamed the Target Corporation; between 75 and 80 percent of Dayton-Hudson's sales and earnings were coming from Target while the department stores were used to fuel its growth. It also separated its e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combined it with Rivertown Trading into a standalone subsidiary called target.direct.[22] The following year, the Dayton's and Hudson's stores were rebranded under the Marshall Field's name.[5][17][23] The company sold Marshall Field's to May Department Stores in June 2004 and sold Mervyn's to an investment consortium including Sun Capital Partners, Cerberus Capital Management, and Lubert-Adler/Klaff and Partners, L.P that September. In 2005, Target began operation in Bangalore, India.[24] In 2006, Target completed construction of the Robert J. Ulrich Center in Embassy Golf Links in Bangalore, and Target planned to continue its expansion into India with the construction of additional office space at the Mysore Corporate Campus and successfully opened a branch at Mysore.[24][25]
On January 13, 2011, Target announced its first ever international expansion, into Canada, when it purchased the leaseholds for up to 220 stores of the Canadian sale chain Zellers, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. The deal was announced to have been made for $1.8 billion. Target opened its first Canadian stores in March 2013, and at its peak, Target Canada had 133 stores. However, the expansion into Canada was beset with problems, including supply chain issues that resulted in stores with aisles of empty shelves and higher than expected retail prices. Target Canada racked up losses of $2.1 billion in its short life, and the store's botched expansion was characterized by the Canadian and US media as a "spectacular failure",[26] "an unmitigated disaster",[27][28] and "a gold standard case study in what retailers should not do when they enter a new market."[29] On January 15, 2015, Target announced that all 133 of its Canadian outlets would be closed and liquidated by the end of 2015.[30] The last Target Canada stores closed on April 12, 2015, far ahead of the initial schedule.[28]
Store formats[edit]
Target[edit]




The exterior of a typical Target store in Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target discount store opened in Roseville, Minnesota on May 1, 1962.[31] Present-day properties are roughly 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2) and sell general merchandise including hardlines and softlines.[32] While many Target stores follow a standard big-box architectural style,[33] the company has focused on "customizing each new store to ensure a locally-relevant experience [...] that best fit the surrounding neighborhood’s needs" since August 2006.[34] Initially, only SuperTarget locations operated Starbucks Coffee counters, although they were integrated into general merchandise stores through their expanded partnership beginning in 2003.[35] Several locations include Target Optical, Target Photo, and Target Pharmacy departments; the latter division was purchased by CVS Health in 2015 and began operating as stores-within-stores under the CVS Pharmacy and MinuteClinic mastheads in February 2016.[36]
Target introduced the "PFresh" store prototype in 2006, which expanded their grocery selection in general merchandise locations by an upwards of 200-percent. Newly constructed stores that follow the PFresh format are roughly 1,500 square feet (140 m2) larger than properties without groceries, although retain the Target branding because their offerings are considerably more limited than SuperTarget. The company remodeled 109 stores accordingly in 2006 and renovated another 350 stores the following year.[37] The company's decision to close their garden centers opened floor space for PFresh expansion and larger seasonal departments beginning in 2010.[38]
SuperTarget[edit]




The exterior of a typical SuperTarget in Northlake Mall Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target Greatland location opened in Apple Valley, Minnesota in September 1990. They were about fifty-percent larger than traditional Target stores, and pioneered company standards including an increased number of checkout lanes and price scanners, larger aisles, expanded pharmacy and photography departments, and a food court. Target Greatland locations have since been converted to stores following the PFresh format beginning in 2009.[39]
The first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995, and expanded upon the Target Greatland concept with the inclusion of a full grocery department.[31] The company expanded their grocery assortment in 2003 and adopted the modified tagline "Eat Well. Pay Less." (in reference to their tagline "Expect More. Pay Less.") in 2004.[31][40] In the early 2000s, 43 locations (of nearly 100) featured E-Trade trading stations, although they were all closed by June 2003 after E-Trade determined that "we were not able to make it into a profitable distribution channel."[41]
When comparing itself with rival Walmart Supercenter hypermarkets, then-chief executive Gregg Steinhafel opined that Walmart operates like "a grocer that happens to also sell general merchandise," where in contrast its less aggressive expansion of SuperTarget stores is indicative of their position that the grocery industry as a "high-impact, low-cost" side project.[40] The company operates 239 SuperTarget locations as of September 2015;[42] they each encompass an estimate of 174,000 square feet (16,200 m2).[43]
Flexible format Target[edit]




The exterior of the CityTarget in Boston, Massachusetts, now re-branded as Target


While typical Target locations are approximately 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2), the majority of "flexible format" CityTarget stores are roughly 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2). The first stores were opened in July 2012, in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle;[32] the 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) location in Boston is the largest CityTarget and opened in July 2015.[44] TargetExpress stores hover around 14,000 square feet (1,300 m2) to 21,000 square feet (2,000 m2); the first opened in Dinkytown near the University of Minnesota in July 2014.[45] Products in these flexible format properties are typically sold in smaller packages geared towards customers using public transportation. Locations built in college communities often carry an extended home department of apartment and dormitory furnishings.[46] In August 2015, Target announced that it would rename its nine CityTarget and five TargetExpress stores as Target beginning that October, deciding that "Big or small, our stores have one thing in common: they're all Target."[44] The first flexible format stores under the unified naming scheme opened later that month in Chicago, Rosslyn, San Diego, and San Francisco.[47] The company opened a 45,000 square foot store in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York in October 2016. Three other similar sized stores will open in Philadelphia, Cupertino and the area around Penn State University in October 2016.[3]
Nearly all of its planned openings through 2019 are small formats, which is less than 50,000 square feet.[3] The goal of these smaller format stores is to win over the business of millennial customers. The nearly 30 new locations will be situated in college towns or densely populated areas.[3]
Subsidiaries[edit]
Financial and Retail Services[edit]







Financial and Retail Services (FRS) formerly Target Financial Services (TFS): issues Target's credit cards, known as the Target REDcard (formerly the Target Guest Card), issued through Target National Bank (formerly Retailers National Bank) for consumers and through Target Bank for businesses. Target Financial Services also oversees GiftCard balances. Target launched its PIN-x debit card, the Target Check Card, which was later re-branded the Target Debit Card. The Target Debit Card withdraws funds from the customer's existing checking account, and allows for up to $40 "cash back". The debit card allows guests to save five percent of each purchase.
Target Sourcing Services[edit]
Target Sourcing Services (TSS): This global sourcing organization locates merchandise from around the world for Target and helps import the merchandise to the United States. Such merchandise includes garments, furniture, bedding, and towels. TSS has 27 full-service offices, 48 quality-control offices, and seven concessionaires located throughout the world. TSS employs 1,200 people. Its engineers are responsible for evaluating the factories that do business with Target Corporation for quality, as well as labor rights and transshipment issues.[48] TSS was acquired by Target Corporation in 1998, was founded in 1916 as the Associated Merchandising Corporation, and was previously owned by the clients it served.[citation needed] Target Sourcing Services ceased operations in its department store group, the division of the former Associated Merchandising Corporation that acted as a buying office for Saks, Inc., Bloomingdale's, Stage Stores Inc., T.J.Maxx, and Marshalls.[19]
Private label brands[edit]
Target Brands is the company's brand management division that oversees the company's private label products. In addition, Bullseye Dog is a mascot, and the Bullseye Design and 'Target' are registered trademarks of Target Brands.

Archer Farms,
Market Pantry, grocery products.
Simply Balanced;
Sutton & Dodge, a premium meat line;
Embark, an outdoor gear line of camping equipment;
Room Essentials, a low-end home goods line;
Boots & Barkley, a pet food and supply line;
Merona, a clothing brand purchased by Target in 1991;
Mossimo Supply Co., a clothing line. In partnership with brand owner Iconix Brand Group.
Threshold, a premium furniture line.
up & up. Target issued a re-launch of the Target brand as up&up to include an expanded product selection and a new design. The up & up brand offers essential commodities including household, healthcare, beauty, baby, and personal care products. The brand claims to offer products of equal quality to national brands at a fraction of the cost, averaging a savings of 30 percent.

[49] As of September 2009, up & up offers over 800 products across 40 categories.[50]
Other private labels include two recently released brands,

Pillowfort, a children's line of bedding and
Cat and Jack, a children's line of apparel and accessories.

The new brands were launched in July 2016, during Back to School sales. After the launch, the clothing and bedding brand made a big hit and was successful. Target executives claim that the new brands increased sales by $1 billion and increased 15% in revenue, only during their first year.[51]
Website[edit]

Target.com



Screenshot 






Type of site

E-commerce


Website
target.com


Alexa rank
 324 global,  94 in the United States (February 2017[update])[52]


Commercial
Yes


Registration
Optional


Launched
August 2011; 5 years ago (2011-08)


Current status
Online


Target.com owns and oversees the company's e-commerce initiatives, such as the Target.com domain. Founded in early 2000 as target.direct, it was formed by separating the company's existing e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combining it with its Rivertown Trading direct marketing unit into a stand-alone subsidiary.[22] In 2002, target.direct and Amazon.com's subsidiary Amazon Enterprise Solutions created a partnership in which Amazon.com would provide order fulfillment and guest services for Target.com in exchange for fixed and variable fees. After the company sold Marshall Field's and Mervyn's in 2004, target.direct became Target.com. The domain target.com attracted at least 288 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey.[53] In August 2009, Target announced that they would build and manage a new Target.com platform, independent of Amazon.com. This new platform was to launch in 2011, in advance of the holiday season. Prior to the announcement, Target and Amazon had extended their partnership until 2011.[54] In January 2010, Target announced their vendor partners for the re-platforming project. These partners include Sapient, IBM, Oracle, Endeca, Autonomy, Sterling Commerce and Huge, among others.[55] The re-platformed Target.com officially launched on August 23, 2011, effectively ending the partnership with Amazon.com.[56]
Distribution centers[edit]
As of May 2016[update], Target Corporation operates 38 distribution centers across the United States.[57] Target opened three new distribution centers in 2006 (Rialto, California, DeKalb, Illinois) and one in 2009 (Newton, North Carolina) to support the growth of its stores. With the exception of vendor supplied items, such as greeting cards and soda, these distribution centers ship items directly to Target stores. Also, unlike Walmart, Target's grocery selection does not come from their own distribution centers, but from the companies with whom Target has partnered.[6]
The retail chain's first distribution center opened in Fridley, Minnesota, in 1969. It included a computerized distribution system and was known as the Northern Distribution Center. During this time, the chain consisted of seventeen stores after having expanded into Oklahoma and Texas.[58]
On August 9, 2004, Target announced to their suppliers that they were going to perform a trial on the effects of radio-frequency identification on the efficiency of supply chain management in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. This trial involved one Target distribution center and ten nearby Target stores. Here, RFID tags would be placed on the bar codes of pallets and cartons to track the goods from the suppliers to the distribution center, and from the distribution center to the stores.[59] As of 2009, RFID had been phased out of the Dallas–Fort Worth stores.
On January 27, 2009, Target announced the closing of its distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas, the second-oldest in the company. The reason cited was the need to ensure that Target remains competitive in the long-term.[60]
SuperTarget and PFresh stores require fresh produce, refrigerated and frozen items. Food distribution centers owned by SuperValu have been utilized by Target for many years. In October 2003, SuperValu's facility in Phoenix, Arizona, was converted to serve Target exclusively.[61] The same change was implemented at the SuperValu center in Fort Worth, Texas.[62] A new distribution center was constructed by Target in Lake City, Florida, to serve the Southeast, but it is operated by SuperValu.[61] A fourth center in Cedar Falls, Iowa, opened in 2009 and is unique in that it is located adjacent to a standard Target Distribution Center, each utilizing the same dispatch office.[62] Other warehouses owned by SuperValu are still used in other regions, but Target plans to replace those over the next few years.[61] In Colorado, stores are serviced through FreshPack Produce Inc. of Denver.[6] In the mid-Atlantic region/Philadelphia market, C&S Wholesale Grocers services the fresh produce, meat, dairy, bakery, & frozen needs to "PFresh" stores.
The company operates four facilities to receive shipments from overseas manufacturers and suppliers. They are located near ports at Rialto, California; Savannah, Georgia; Lacey, Washington; and Suffolk, Virginia. Merchandise received is sent directly to Regional Distribution Centers. Internet sales orders from the Target Direct division, which operates from the Target.com website, are processed by the facility in Woodbury, Minnesota, with some support from Savannah, Georgia, and other vendors. New centers opened in Ontario, California, and Tucson, Arizona, in 2009.[62]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]




Target Plaza South, a portion of the Target Corporation headquarters complex in downtown Minneapolis; the building originally featured the Target Light System, created by using 3M light pipes[63] but was replaced by more energy-efficient LEDs in 2011.[64]


Target Corporation has its headquarters on Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis,[65] near the site of the original Goodfellows store.[citation needed] The complex includes Target Plaza North and Target Plaza South. Ryan Companies developed the complex, and Ellerbe Becket served as the architect. Target had the approximately $260-million complex developed to provide one location of office space for 6,000 employees. The 14-story Target Plaza North has 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of office and retail space while the 32-story Target Plaza South has 1,250,000 square feet (116,000 m2) of space.[66]
Brian Cornell is the CEO of Target Corporation. In January 2016, Cornell began making home visits in an effort to understand better the needs and desires of his customers.[67] In January 2016, Target fired Tina Tyler from her job as chief stores officer. She was replaced with long-time employee Janna Potts.[68]
Diversity[edit]
The company states that "individuality may include a wide spectrum of attributes such as personal style, age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, language, physical ability, religion, family, citizenship status, socio-economic circumstances, education, and life experiences."[69]
The Target employee diversity initiative is called "All Together Target".[70] It specifically seeks to work with vendors and contractors that are owned by minorities or women.[71]
In February 2012, the company extended the team member discount to same-sex partners of employees. It had received a 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Score, prior to donating funds to Minnesota Forward.[72]
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has repeatedly given Target failing grades on its annual Economic Reciprocity Initiative report card, a measure of the company's "commitment to the African-American citizenry". In 2003 and 2005, the NAACP has rated Target an "F" on this report; in 2004, Target was rated a "D-".[73][74][75] In 2006, when Target was asked why it didn't participate in the survey again,[76] a representative explained, "Target views diversity as being inclusive of all people from all different backgrounds, not just one group."[77]
In February 2006, the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) filed a class action discrimination lawsuit in Northern California's Alameda County Superior Court, claiming that Target's commercial website contains "thousands of access barriers that make it difficult, if not impossible, for blind customers to use."[78] Target Corporation settled the lawsuit in October 2008, paying $6 million and agreeing to work with the NFB over the next three years improving the usability of the Target.com site.[79] August 24, 2009, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a discrimination lawsuit against Target Corporation for unlawfully denying reasonable accommodation to an employee with multiple disability-based impairments and substantially reducing his work hours due to the medical conditions.[80] According to the claims in the EEOC press release, Target's actions violated Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) and Title I of the Civil Rights Act of 1991.[81]
Philanthropy[edit]
Target Corporation is consistently ranked as one of the most philanthropic companies in the US. It ranked No. 22 in Fortune magazine's "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2010, largely in part to the donation efforts of the company as a whole.[82] According to a November 2005 Forbes article, it ranked as the highest cash-giving company in America in percentage of income given (2.1%).[83] Target donates around 5 percent of its pre-tax operating profit; it gives over $3 million a week (up from $2 million in years prior) to the communities in which it operates. It also gives a percentage of charges from its Target Visa to schools designated by the cardholders. To date, Target has given over $150 million to schools across the United States through this program.
Further evidence of Target's philanthropy can be found in the Target House complex in Memphis, Tennessee, a long-term housing solution for families of patients at the city's St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The corporation led the way with more than $27 million in donations, which made available 96 fully furnished apartments for families needing to stay at St. Jude over 90 days.
Target has a no-solicitation rule at its properties, as it seeks to provide a "distraction-free shopping experience for its guests." Exemptions to this policy were previously made for the Salvation Army red kettles and bell-ringers outside Target stores during the holidays through Christmas. In 2004, however, Target asked the organization to explore alternate methods to partner with Target. Target donates to local Salvation Army chapters through its grant program and annually to the United Way of America (the Salvation Army is a member of the United Way coalition).
In 2005, Target and the Salvation Army[84] created a joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Wish List", where online shoppers could donate goods to the organization for hurricane victims by buying them directly from Target.com between November 25, 2005, and January 25, 2006. In 2006, they created another joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Angel Giving Tree",[85] which is an online version of the Salvation Army's Angel Tree program;[86] in addition to donating proceeds made from the sales of limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornaments within Target's stores. During the Thanksgiving holiday of 2006, Target and the Salvation Army partnered with magician David Blaine to send several families on a shopping spree the morning of Black Friday. The challenge held that if Blaine could successfully work his way out of a spinning gyroscope by the morning of Black Friday, then several families would receive $500 shopping certificates. The challenge was completed successfully by Blaine.[87]
During disasters, Target has been a major benefactor for relief efforts. Target provided monetary and product donations during the September 11 attacks; it also donated money for relief efforts for the 2004 tsunami in South Asia and donated $1.5 million (US) to the American Red Cross in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It also allowed its store properties in the affected area to be used as command centers for relief organizations and donated supplies such as water and bug spray.
Target will often donate its unused, returned or seasonal merchandise (particularly clothing) to Goodwill Industries.
Environmental record[edit]
In 2007, Target Corporation agreed to reduce their sales on all materials containing polyvinyl chloride (PVC).[88] Testers found toxic lead and phthalates and large amounts of PVC in toys, lunchboxes, baby bibs, jewelry, garden hoses, mini blinds, Christmas trees, and electronics.[88] Several studies have shown that chemicals in vinyl chloride can cause serious health problems for children and adults.[88] The University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago states that people who use products containing PVC can become exposed with harmful toxic phthalates and lead, which eventually can become a big contributor with dioxins.[88] Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment, and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."[88] Other companies reducing the PVC on their shelves include Walmart, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, and Apple.[88] Target stores have been taking environmental measures by reusing materials within their stores and recycling products such as broken hangers, cardboard, and rechargeable batteries.[89] Target is beginning to reduce energy use with energy-efficient storefronts and reducing waste with recycling programs.[90] All Target stores in the United States use plastic carts with metal frames. In mid-2006, Target took it a step further when it began introducing a newer cart design made entirely of plastic. It also uses the same design in its hand-use baskets.[91]
Target released a 13-page report in 2007 that outlined their current and future plans for becoming more earth-friendly according to LEED. Such efforts include installing sand filtration systems for the stores' wastewater. Recycling programs will be aimed at garment hangers, corrugated cardboard, electronics, shopping carts, shrink wrap, construction wastes, carpeting and ceiling tiles and roofing materials. All stores in Oklahoma will be partnered with Oklahoma Gas & Electric to exclusively use wind power for all Target stores in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Stores nationwide use only LED and fluorescent lights and low-flow restrooms that reduce waste water by 30%. Some Target stores are installing roof gardens or green roofs, which absorb storm water and cut down on surface runoff, mitigate temperature fluctuations and provide habitats for birds. There are currently four green-roof Target stores in Chicago.
Target carries over 700 organic and alternative products from brands such as Archer Farms, Burt's Bees, and Method Products. They also sell clothes made from organic cotton, non-toxic cleaners, low-energy lighting and electronics, non-toxic and non-animal tested cosmetics, and furniture made from recycled materials. As of June 2007[update], Target has been offering reusable shopping bags as an alternative to disposable plastic bags. Target gift cards are made from corn-based resins. All of the stores' packaging is done with a modified paperboard/clamshell option and has goals for phasing out plastic wrap completely.[92]
In collaboration with MBH Architects, Target's first "green" building was a 100,000+ square foot Target store built in 1995 in Fullerton, California. It was a part of the EPA Energy Star Showcase for its use of skylights that cut the original energy consumption by 24% with a 5-year payback.[93] Target and MBH Architects were awarded the "Green Lights Partner/Ally of the Year Award".[94]
Target is the only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. In 2007, this program prevented 434 million hangers from entering landfills.
On June 15, 2009, the California Attorney General and 20 California District Attorneys filed a lawsuit in Alameda County alleging that Target stores across the state have been illegally dumping hazardous wastes in landfills.[95]
On October 1, 2009, Target Corporation agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty for importing and selling a variety of toys with lead paint levels that were higher than is legally allowed. The Consumer Products Safety Commission alleged that "Target knowingly imported and sold the illegal Chinese-made toys between May 2006 and August 2007."[96] A similar problem occurred a few months later in February 2010, when Target pulled Valentine's Day "message bears" from its shelves at the request of the California attorney general's office. The bears, which were manufactured in China, contained more lead than is permissible under federal law for children under 12.[97]
A class action suit was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, on behalf of consumers in Ohio that purchased Target-brand wet wipes. The lawsuit filed against Target Corporation alleges the retailer misled consumers by marking the packaging on its up & up® brand wipes as flushable and safe for sewer and septic systems. The lawsuit also alleges that so-called flushable wipes are a public health hazard because they are alleged to clog pumps at municipal waste-treatment facilities.[98]
Customer privacy[edit]
In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.[99][100] Compromised customer information included names, phone numbers, email and mailing addresses.[101] In March 2015, Target reached a class-action settlement with affected consumers for $10 million (plus class-action attorney fees).[102] In May 2016, Target settled with affected banks and credit unions for $39 million (plus class-action attorney fees), of which $19 million would be disbursed by a MasterCard program.[103]
Corporate identity[edit]
Logo[edit]
96% of American consumers recognize the Target Bullseye logo.[104]







Original Target logo (1962–67)









Second Target logo (1968–present)









Third Target logo (1975–2004) "primary", (1975–present) "secondary"









Fourth Target logo (2004–present)









Target Greatland logo (1990–2006)









Original SuperTarget logo (1995–2005)









Second SuperTarget logo (2006–present)









CityTarget logo (2012–15)









TargetExpress logo (2014–15)




Differentiation from competitors[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Target Corporation competes directly against other discount retailers, mainly Kmart and Walmart. Since its founding, it has intended to differentiate its stores from its competitors by offering what it believes is more upscale, trend-forward merchandise at lower costs, rather than the traditional concept of focusing on low-priced goods. Douglas J. Dayton, one of the Dayton brothers, explained John Geisse's concept:


“
"We will offer high-quality merchandise at low margins, because we are cutting expenses. We would much rather do this than trumpet dramatic price cuts on cheap merchandise."[58]
”


As a result, Target stores tend to attract younger customers than Walmart, among other competitors. The median Target shopper is 41, the youngest of all major discount retailers that Target competes directly against. The median household income of Target's customer base is roughly $63,000. Roughly 76% of Target customers are female, and more than 45% have children at home. About 80% have attended college and 48% have completed college.[105][106]
In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers. It planned to add perishables to their inventory, cut back on discretionary items, and spend three-quarters of their marketing budget on advertising that emphasizes value and includes actual prices of items featured in ads. Target also planned to slow its expansion from about 100 stores a year down to 70 stores a year.[107][108][109]
Target stores are designed to be more attractive than large big-box stores by having wider aisles, drop ceilings, a more attractive presentation of merchandise, and generally cleaner fixtures. Special attention is given to the design of the store environment: graphics reinforce its advertising imagery, while shelves are dressed with contemporary signage, backdrops, and liners, often printed on inexpensive material such as paper, corrugated and foam boards. Some stores, particularly those in the vicinity of major airports, have a bullseye painted on the roof that can be seen from above: the stores in Atlanta, Georgia near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport; Rosemont, Illinois, near O'Hare International Airport; Potomac Yard, Virginia, near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport; College Point, New York (Queens), east of LaGuardia Airport; and Richfield, Minnesota, adjacent to Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport are among such locations.[110] Target doesn't use music in its stores, nor does it promote items or services through its public address system.[citation needed]
Target stores do not sell firearms. In the early 1990s, they ceased sales of toy guns that looked realistic and limited its toy gun selection to ones that were brightly colored and oddly shaped. In 2014, Target also "respectfully" asked their guests to leave any firearms at home when visiting the store.[111] They do not sell tobacco products and have not sold cigarettes since 1996.[112]
Targét[edit]
Some people jokingly give Target the pseudo-French pronunciation /tɑːrˈʒeɪ/ tar-ZHAY, as though it were an upscale boutique. Though this practice is often attributed to Oprah Winfrey's usage on her television show, it is first attested in 1962, the year the first Target store opened. Target once sold a line of shoes called "Miss Targé"[113] this was reinforced by a 1980s television advertisement starring Didi Conn. This pronunciation has also led some people to incorrectly believe that the company is French-owned.[6] In recognition of the nickname's popularity and cachet, Target Corporation licensed its name and logo to Brand Central LLC in 2006, complete with accent over the letter "E" (though this is not correct French spelling) for a new line of clothing intended for more upscale fashion customers. The line, "Targét Couture", was originally sold at Los Angeles-based store Intuition, which deals with high-end brands.[114][115]
Nomenclature[edit]
Target uses a practice that was derived in 1989 from The Walt Disney Company[6] by calling its customers "Guests", its employees "Team Members", and its supervisors "Team Leaders". Also, managers are known as "Executive Team Leaders (ETLs)" and the Store Manager is known as the "Store Team Leader (STL)". Further up the "chain of command" are "District Team Leaders (DTL)", "Group Team Leaders (GTL)", Regional Team Leaders (RTL) (sometimes also Regional Vice President), and finally corporate-level executives.
Product lines and partnerships[edit]
Target has many exclusive deals with various designers and name brands, including Finnish design company Marimekko; architect Michael Graves; athletic wear company Converse; Italian fashion label Fiorucci; fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, Liz Lange, Mossimo Giannulli, and Isaac Mizrahi, among others. To further increase their fashion profile, Target also created its fashion-forward Go International line, which hires famous designers to design collections available only for a few months.[116]
Target, after hiring architect Michael Graves to design the scaffolding used to renovate the Washington Monument and contributing $6 million USD to the restoration plan, introduced its first designer line of products in 1999, the Michael Graves Collection of housewares and home decor products.[116] Walmart and Kmart have followed Target's lead by signing exclusive designers to their stores as well. Target also partners with well-established national brands to create exclusive collections for its stores.[116]
Target also signed an exclusive deal with Food Network to sell VHS tapes of TV shows featuring popular chefs such as Alton Brown, Paula Deen, and Rachael Ray.[when?][citation needed]
In 2005, Target introduced a major revision of prescription bottles, which it calls the ClearRx system. The redesigned bottles are color-coded, flattened-out and turned upside down, providing more room for the label. This system was based on the patent[117] by student Deborah Adler and was named one of TIME's "Most Amazing Inventions of 2005".[118]
Sometimes manufacturers will create red-colored items exclusively for Target. In 2002, Nintendo produced a red special edition variant of the Game Boy Advance, which featured the Target logo above the screen.[119]
In 2005, IFC began a partnership with Target to promote a selection of independent films, both in Target stores and on IFC Monday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern. Originally titled IFC Cinema Red, the promotion was rebranded on-air as The Spotlight in 2007. The in-store headers refer to the selected titles as IFC Indies – Independent films chosen for Target by the Independent Film Channel.[120]
In 2016, Target began to enforce gender neutrality in its marketing of toys, and no longer explicitly listed specific toys as being for "boys" or "girls". This practice was expanded with the February 2016 launch of a new children's decor line, Pillowfort, which will replace its Circo brand and feature more gender-neutral designs and color schemes.[121]
Gift cards[edit]
The Target GiftCard is the retailing division's stored-value card or gift card. Target sells more gift cards than any other retailer in the United States and is one of the top sellers, by dollars and units, in the world.[122] The unique designs of their cards contribute to their higher sales, as well as Target's policy of no expiration dates or service fees.[123] Past and current designs include lenticular, "scratch and sniff" (such as peppermint during the Christmas season), glow in the dark, LED light-up, a gift card on the side of a bubble blower, a gift card that can function as a CD-ROM, and even a gift card that allows the sender to record a voice message. A current environmentally friendly gift card is made from bioplastic manufactured from corn.[124] Target rolled out a new MP3 player gift card for the 2006 holiday season. It holds 12 songs and must be purchased with an initial value of at least $50.
Beginning in January 2010, Target Stores rolled out Mobile GiftCards, through which one can produce a GiftCard barcode on any web-capable cell phone. This data matrix barcode can be scanned at a Target POS like any physical card barcode, and balances can be stored, retrieved, and gifted with the convenience of a cell phone.[citation needed]
Some of these unique design ideas are patented, and these patents are assigned to the Target Brands subsidiary. For example, some such Target GiftCard designs feature a wooden front side. On May 24, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted U.S. patent D505,450 for the "ornamental design for a credit or stored value card with wood layer" to inventors Amy L. Lauer and John D. Mayhew.[125] U.S. patent 7004398, for the "stored-value card assembly including a stored-value card, an edible product, and a wrapper", was granted to Michael R. Francis and Barry C. Brooks on February 28, 2006.[126] Both patents have been assigned by their inventors to Target Brands, Inc.
Target GiftCards are also collectors items. Some of the first gift cards issued are valued at over $300 (even though the card doesn't have any money on it). Every year, Target introduces new Holiday GiftCards. In 2007, Target's Holiday GiftCards featured a wind-up flashlight, a musical gift card, a gift card that lights up, and a scented gift card.
Target Forensic Services[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2006, The Washington Post revealed that Target is operating two sophisticated criminal forensics laboratories, one at its headquarters and the other in Las Vegas.[127] Originally, the lab was created with the role of investigating internal instances of theft, fraud, and other criminal actions that have occurred on its own properties. Eventually, the company began offering pro bono services to law enforcement agencies across the country. Target's Forensic Services has assisted agencies at all levels of government, including such federal agencies as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Secret Service. In fact, the labs have become such a popular resource for law enforcement that Target has had to restrict its assistance to violent felonies.[128][129]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
Animal welfare concerns[edit]
In 2011, Mercy for Animals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing cruelty to farmed animals and promoting compassionate food choices and policies, uncovered animal abuse at a Target egg supplier.[130] Hidden-camera footage shot at Sparboe Farms—a significant egg supplier to Hy-Vee, McDonald's, Sam's Club, SuperValu, and Target—revealed hens crammed into filthy wire cages, unable to fully stretch their wings or engage in most other natural behaviors. The investigator documented workers burning off chicks' beaks without painkillers, torturing animals, and throwing live birds into plastic bags and leaving them to suffocate. Dead hens were left to rot alongside birds that were still laying eggs for human consumption.[citation needed]
The investigation received international media attention; it aired first on ABC's Good Morning America,[131] World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer,[132] and 20/20.[133] As a result of the investigation and the public outcry that followed, Target immediately discontinued its relationship with the company.[134][135][136] Moreover, in January 2016, Target Corp. announced that it will discontinue the use of eggs from caged hens, and become entirely cage-free by the year 2025.[137]
"Bathroom policy" and boycott[edit]
In April 2016, Target announced on its website that it would allow transgender customers and employees access to use restrooms and changing areas that correspond with the gender with which they identify, except where local laws require otherwise. The New York Times called this "the most prominent position taken by a national retailer".[138] In response, the American Family Association (AFA) launched a nationwide boycott; by April 28 about one million people had signed the AFA's petition.[139][140] Numerous other faith groups responded with criticism, although some were more measured.[citation needed] Target saw a drop in consumer polls, from 42% to 38%, around the time the policy was announced.[141] In mid-May, CEO Cornell said the boycott impacted "just a handful of stores across the country".[142] Some observers, such as Fortune's Phil Wahba, believed that Target's bathroom policy may have caused part of Target's drop in shopper traffic during the second quarter of 2016. On August 17, Target announced it would add a third, private, single-stall locking bathroom at many of its stores.[143] In 2017, Cornell claimed not to know about, or have approved, the policy before it was published. The policy cost the business US$20 million and caused sales to fall nearly 6% in the three quarters following.[144][143]
Major sponsorships[edit]




The Target Chip Ganassi Racing IndyCar visiting Purdue University







This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Events[edit]

Target often supports major awards shows, such as the Emmys, Golden Globes, Grammys, and Oscars.
Target Corporation is a major sponsor of the annual Minneapolis Aquatennial, where it hosts the Target Fireworks Show, the largest annual fireworks show west of the Mississippi River and the fourth largest annual fireworks show in the United States.[145]
Target was a sponsor of the 2006–2007 New Year's Times Square Ball Drop and had its logo placed on the confetti dropped during the celebrations as well as specially designed "2007" glasses.[146]

Sports[edit]
Chip Ganassi Racing[edit]
Target is a long-time sponsor of the IndyCar and NASCAR racing teams of Chip Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target's relationship with Ganassi in IndyCar go back to 1990 when it began sponsoring Eddie Cheever. Some of their most famous drivers in the 1990s include Michael Andretti, Bryan Herta, and Arie Luyendyk. In the late 1990s, Target Chip Ganassi Racing had a four-year run of winning championships in CART, winning 1996 with Jimmy Vasser, 1997 and 1998 with Alex Zanardi, and 1999 with Juan Pablo Montoya.[citation needed] Ganassi won their first Indianapolis 500 in 2000. The team moved full-time into the rival Indy Racing League in 2003,[citation needed] and won in its first year of full-time competition, with Scott Dixon. Dixon won the championship again in 2008. The 2009 season marked the 20th anniversary of the Target race program. Franchitti won his second career IndyCar championship, and with Scott Dixon finishing second, gave Target a one-two sweep in the IndyCar Series. Dixon and Franchitti won 10 of 17 races (Dixon-5, Franchitti-5) and tied the team record from 1998 where Alex Zanardi and Jimmy Vasser combined to win 10 in the 19-race 1998 CART season. In 2010, Franchitti won the Indianapolis 500. He also won the series championship for the Target team, by five points over second-place finisher Will Power.[citation needed]
Target started sponsoring stock cars in 2001 with Sterling Marlin when Chip Ganassi bought into the Felix Sabates stock car team.[citation needed] In the 2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season, the No. 41 Chip Ganassi Target car was driven by Jimmy Spencer, and from 2003 to 2005, Casey Mears drove the car. In 2006, Reed Sorenson took over the No. 41 when Mears moved to a different Chip Ganassi car on the same team. Sorenson drove the car through the 2008 season, and Target has also had some major sponsorship time on the Ganassi Racing No. 40 car with Dario Franchitti and Jeremy Mayfield who subbed for the injured Franchitti. The 40 team has since been shut down. For 2009, the Target sponsorship moved to the No. 42 driven by Juan Pablo Montoya with the newly formed Earnhardt Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target also sponsored Earnhardt Ganassi Racing's No. 8 car driven by Aric Almirola, which it co-sponsors in some races with other sponsors such as Guitar Hero and TomTom until the team was disbanded in May 2009. Kyle Larson took over the No. 42 in 2014 and Target sponsored the No. 51 of Phoenix Racing for Larson's Sprint Cup Series debut.[147]
The Target Chip Ganassi[148] car driven by Dario Franchitti won the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday, May 30, 2010.[149]
Target will be ending its association with IndyCar racing at the end of the 2016 season.[150]
Minnesota United FC[edit]
In January 2017, Minnesota United FC, a Major League Soccer expansion team debuting for the 2017 Season, announced that Target would be the team's front-of-jersey match kit sponsor, as well as sponsoring MLS overall. This brings one of the largest sponsors in the league, especially for an expansion team making its debut appearance. The team also has an advantage of having a large, well-known hometown brand versus an entity outside the region, in addition to the financial benefits of such a large sponsor.
Naming rights[edit]
Target owns the naming rights to the Target Center and Target Field in Minneapolis.
Radio[edit]
Target is the founding sponsor of the Weekend America radio program.
See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Design For All (product line)

References[edit]


^ a b "2016 Annual Report" (PDF). corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 29, 2017. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Annual Report". corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d Tuttle, Brad. "Why Target Is Focusing on Millennials and Cities Instead of Suburban Moms". MONEY.com. Retrieved October 12, 2016. 
^ Leinward, Paul; Mainardi, Cesare (December 15, 2010). "Why Can’t Kmart Be Successful While Target and Walmart Thrive?". Harvard Business Review. Harvard Business Publishing. Retrieved March 17, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n "Target Corporation History". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25067-8. 
^ a b "Lipman Wolfe and Co.". Pdxhistory.com. June 24, 2006. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "History of Lechmere Inc. – FundingUniverse". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ Richard Halverson (May 2, 1994). "Ulrich moving up at DH: speculation mounts about naming a successor – Robert Ulrich becomes chairman of Dayton Hudson Corp". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c "1962–1992 Dayton's dream is on Target". Discount Store News. April 20, 1992. [permanent dead link]
^ Sidney Rutberg (February 1984). "Plums fall doesn't cause too many shock waves". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ "Dayton Hudson, sour on Plums, sells its 11-month-old off-pricer". Discount Store News. March 19, 1984. Archived from the original on July 13, 2012. 
^ "Dayton-Hudson In Dillard Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target closes Everyday Hero in Mall of America". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. September 11, 1997. 
^ "Target Stores to Close Experimental [sic] Clearance Outlets". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved July 27, 2005. 
^ "Unsolicited J.C. Penney Offer Rejected By Dayton Hudson". The Seattle Times. April 25, 1996. 
^ a b c "Target Corporation 2000 Annual Report" (PDF). Target Corporation. 
^ "MPR PARENT SELLS RIVERTOWN TRADING CO. TO DAYTON HUDSON". Archived from the original on July 2, 2006. Retrieved July 12, 2014. 
^ a b "Associated Merchandising Corporation". The American Chamber of Commerce in Thailand. 
^ "Target buys Fedco for SuperT". Discount Store News. July 26, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target may step up NE rollouts; debuts long-awaited e-tail site". Discount Store News. September 20, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ a b "Target is the name". Discount Store News. February 21, 2000. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target Corporation 2001 Annual Report". Target Corporation. 
^ a b "Global Team: Bangalore". Target. Archived from the original on March 9, 2013. 
^ "Target Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share $1.29". Target Corporation. February 27, 2007. 
^ "Target admits it missed the mark, but what does it mean for Canadian retail? - Business - CBC News". Cbc.ca. January 15, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Hey Target, here's how you expand into Canada, courtesy of Wal-Mart". Macleans.ca. August 20, 2014. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "Target can't get out of Canada fast enough". Fortune.com. April 2, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Target Corp’s spectacular Canada flop: A gold standard case study for what retailers shouldn’t do | Financial Post". Business.financialpost.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "News Releases: Hot Off the Press & Archives | Target Corporate". Pressroom.target.ca. Archived from the original on April 30, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c "Target Through the Years". Target Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b "Target Launches Smaller CityTarget Stores To Appeal To Urban Shoppers". The Huffington Post. AOL. July 18, 2012. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Target’s 2016 store plan: urban, urban and more urban". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. December 23, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "New Store, Big City: Target to Open in Queens, N.Y., in 2016". Target Corporation. August 26, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target, Starbucks agree to add coffee shops to new Target stores". Louisville Business First. American City Business Journals. October 11, 2002. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Wanba, Phil (February 3, 2016). "CVS Opens First Pharmacies Within Target Stores". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target to add ‘PFresh’ grocery concept at 350 stores". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. November 18, 2006. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (August 13, 2010). "Target Closing All Remaining Garden Centers". Consumerist. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Moore, Paula (January 7, 2011). "Target to roll out ‘PFresh’ concept store at Belmar center in Lakewood". Denver Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Zimmerman, Ann (May 12, 2009). "Target Believes a Rebound Recipe Is in Grocery Aisle". Wall Street Journal. News Corp. Retrieved March 10, 2006. 
^ "E-Trade closes trading stations". San Francisco Business Times. American City Business Journals. June 6, 2003. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target Corporation Company Statistics". Statistic Brain Research Institute. September 3, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Harris, Elizabeth (January 16, 2014). "Target Tests Small Store for Urban Shoppers as Young People Pick Cities Over Suburbs". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Halter, Nick (August 4, 2015). "Target's dropping its TargetExpress and CityTarget names for small stores". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved August 26, 2015. 
^ "Dinkytown mini-Target store will open in July" Archived September 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Chusman & Wakefield Retail Services. July 7, 2014.
^ Trinh, Jean (October 17, 2015). "Target Stores Planned For Koreatown And Near USC". LAist. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Keeping Things Simple: Rebranding our CityTarget and TargetExpress Stores". A Bullseye View. Target Corporation. August 4, 2015. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Vendor Compliance". Target Corporation. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ "Target up & up Brand Offers Great Quality at Low Prices". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "up & up". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "Target aims for stars with new kids apparel brand Cat & Jack". Star Tribune. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Target.com Site Info". Alexa Internet. Retrieved February 16, 2017. 
^ "Site Profile for target.com (rank #28) | Compete". Siteanalytics.compete.com. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "Target to Build and Manage New Target.com Platform / Target Corp". Target. August 7, 2009. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target.com Announces Vendor Partners for Re-platforming Effort / Target Corp". Target. January 11, 2010. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Launches Redesigned E-Commerce Website / Target Corp". Target. August 23, 2011. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Corporate Fact Sheet". corporate.target.com. Retrieved May 31, 2016. 
^ a b From Roseville to Greatland, Target still hits the mark[permanent dead link], Discount Store News, September 17, 1990.
^ "Target Meets With Suppliers About RFID Plans". InformationWeek. August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target announces workforce reduction". January 29, 2009. 
^ a b c "Target aims for FL food distribution center". Refrigerated Transporter. February 1, 2007. 
^ a b c "Target Stores, Target Distribution Centers". Target. 
^ Target Lights create evolving Minneapolis landmark, Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal, April 11, 2003.
^ "Target Mpls skyline light show to go high def". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. May 13, 2011. Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ "Corporate Headquarters Archived November 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.." Target Corporation. Retrieved on July 8, 2010. "Target Corporate Headquarters 1000 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55440"
^ "Target Office Towers." City of Minneapolis. Retrieved on July 8, 2010.
^ Crosby, jACKIE (January 20, 2016). "Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting homes of customers". Star Tribune. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Ziobro, Paul (January 19, 2016). "Home Depot Replaces Head of U.S. Stores Business". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Diversity Statement Archived June 29, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation.
^ Target Diversity website, Target Corporation.
^ "Supplier Diversity: Minority and Women Business Development Program". Target Corporation. 
^ "Profile: Target Corp.". Human Rights Campaign. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "NAACP 2005 Industry Surveys Give Five Major Industries "C" and "D" Grades". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "2006 General Merchandising Industry Report Card". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original on November 30, 2006. 
^ Erin Texeira (July 18, 2006). "NAACP Issues Corporate Report Cards". The Washington Post. Associated Press. 
^ Meyers, Michelle. "Blind patrons sue Target for site inaccessibility – CNET News". CNET. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Alexander, Steve (August 27, 2008). "Target settles suit over Web access". Star Tribune. Archived from the original on October 15, 2012. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "EEOC Sues Target For Disability Discrimination". ABC. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 1, 2013. 
^ "Target Stores Sued For Disability Discrimination". Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "World's Most Admired Companies". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2010. 
^ The Most Charitable Companies, Forbes, November 14, 2005.
^ Target and The Salvation Army Announce Partnership Archived February 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2005.
^ Target Launches Multi-Faceted Christmas Partnership With The Salvation Army Archived November 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2006.
^ Salvation Army Giving Tree Archived November 28, 2005, at the Wayback Machine., Target.com.
^ Magician David Blaine Ends Latest Stunt by Escaping From Gyroscope in NYC, FOXNews.com, November 24, 2006.
^ a b c d e f "Target Stores to Phase Out Vinyl Plastic Products". Environment News Service. November 12, 2007. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Target Corporation 2006 Awards. Retrieved May 4, 2008 Archived April 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Green Commerce Is Good Commerce". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ plasticsdesign.org
^ Target Corporation. "Environmental Responsibility." Target Corporation Responsibility Report Archived May 29, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. June 2007. Date Accessed: April 16, 2008
^ Dobrovolny, Peter. "Sustainability: High Performance Buildings Deliver Increased Retail Sales." Seattle.gov. Date accessed: March 17, 2008
^ Brookter, Carolyn. "Target receives National Energy-efficiency award; EPA Partnerships Signify Commitment to Environment and Communities Archived May 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.." Business Wire. June 4, 1996. Date accessed: April 16, 2008.
^ "Attorney general targets Target". Press-Banner. Scotts Valley, Calif. June 26, 2009. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target penalized for toys with lead paint, AZ Central. August 1, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Target Bears Recall (Photo) "Message Bears" for Valentine's Day Pulled". National Ledger. February 10, 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2010. 
^ Lorenzo B. Cellini; Tycko & Zavareei LLP (April 18, 2014). "Class Action Lawsuit Alleges That Target-Brand Flushable Wipes Are Not Suitable For Flushing And Can Clog Pipes And Damage Sewer And Septic Systems". The National Law Review. Retrieved April 19, 2014. 
^ "Target says data breach up to 110 mn customers Archived January 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.." AFP. Retrieved on December 27, 2013.
^ "Target confirms encrypted PIN data stolen." USA Today. Retrieved on May 23, 2015.
^ "Target: Breach affected millions more customers" Yahoo! Finance. Retrieved on May 22, 2015.
^ Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery (March 19, 2015). "Target will pay hack victims $10 million". CNNMoney. 
^ "Target Data Breach Settlement With Banks Gets Final OK". Bloomberg BNA/Bloomberg Law. Retrieved May 21, 2016. 
^ "10 Things You Didn’t Know about Target". Retrieved February 13, 2017.  ("Sure, 96 percent of people may recognize the Target Bullseye logo,")
^ "Community of Grand Forks". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on December 19, 2007. Retrieved June 11, 2007. 
^ "Corporate Fact Card" (PDF). Target Corporation. October 10, 2007. 
^ "Value For Money Is Back – Target Does Marketing Right". Marketing Doctor Blog. October 23, 2008. Archived from the original on January 12, 2009. 
^ "Target to emphasize value, add perishables". Market Watch. October 23, 2008. 
^ "Earnings Preview – Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)". iStockAnalyst. November 15, 2008. 
^ "Target on roof top in Rosemont, IL". Google Maps. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ "Cheers, grumbles for Target no guns request". USA Today. 
^ Corporate Responsibility Report (PDF) Archived July 16, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation, January 31, 2006.
^ davek70s (September 1, 2011). "Target 1970". YouTube. Retrieved November 29, 2016. 
^ Mui, Ylan Q. (June 20, 2006). "Where "Target" Will Always Be "Tar-Zhay"". The Washington Post. 
^ "Gabrielle Union Demonstrating New Targét Couture Line at Brand's Launch Day". celebutopia.net. 
^ a b c Is Target making a Graves mistake? Archived March 12, 2007, at the Wayback Machine., Discount Store News, February 8, 1999.
^ US patent application 20030214129: Medication packaging and labeling system, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Best Inventions 2005: Healthy Options, Time, November 21, 2005.
^ Target Gets Exclusive New GBA Color!, Nintendo World Report, Billy Berghammer, November 25, 2002.
^ Target welcomes indies Archived April 24, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., BNET, July 2006.
^ "Target takes gender-neutral approach with new kids home brand". Star-Tribune. Retrieved February 8, 2006. 
^ Target Corporation’s Third Quarter Earnings Release conference call, Securities Information from the SEC EDGAR database, November 11, 2004.
^ "About GiftCards: GiftCards". Target. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target's Bioplastic Gift Card, treehugger, January 31, 2006.
^ US design patent D505,450: Credit or stored value card with wood layer, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ U.S. Patent 7,004,398: Stored-value card with edible product, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Office of the Arizona Attorney General (2006). Target Corporation Assets Protection (PDF). 
^ "Retailer Target Branches Out Into Police Work". The Washington Post. January 29, 2006. 
^ "Target sets sights on hard-to-crack cases". CNN. February 9, 2006. 
^ "McDonald's Cruelty: The Rotten Truth About Egg McMuffins". Mercy For Animals. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ "ABC News Investigation: What's In Your Breakfast". ABC News Good Morning America. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's - Friday, November 18, 2011". ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Galli, Cindy. "McDonald's, Target Dump Egg Supplier After Investigation". ABC News 20/20. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Ford, Dana. "McDonald's, Target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report". CNN. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ Hughlett, Mike. "McDonald's, Target fire Minnesota egg company". Star Tribune. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's Drops Large McMuffin Egg Supplier". ABC News. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "Target stores switching to cage-free eggs by 2025". Chicago Sun-Times. January 20, 2016. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 27, 2016). "Target Steps Out in Front of Bathroom Choice Debate". The New York Times. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "More than 700,000 pledge to boycott Target over transgender bathroom policy". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ Wahba, Phil (April 28, 2016). "Nearly 1 Million Sign Pledge to Boycott Target Over Bathroom Policy". Fortune. Retrieved May 2, 2016. 
^ "Target brand perception falls, but it's not 'catastrophic'". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ "Target Says Boycotts Over Bathroom Policy Not Hurting Sales". Fortune. May 18, 2016. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ a b "Target's Transgender-Friendly Bathroom Policy Is Costing It $20 Million". Fortune. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hayley Peterson (April 6, 2017). "The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided". Yahoo! News. Business Insider. 
^ "Target Fireworks Show". 2011 Minneapolis Aquatennial. July 23, 2011. Archived from the original on January 21, 2013. 
^ "A Very Confetti New Year's". TIME. January 2, 2007. 
^ Ryan, Nate (October 1, 2013). "Kyle Larson to make Sprint Cup debut at Charlotte". USA Today. Retrieved October 14, 2013. 
^ "Target Ganassi Racing Sponsors". Chip Ganassi Racing. Archived from the original on March 25, 2013. 
^ "Franchitti Savors Sweet Second Indianapolis 500 Victory". Indianapolis Motor Speedway. May 30, 2010. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Cavin, Curt (August 22, 2016). "Going Off Target". Autoweek: 42–44. 


Bibliography[edit]

Leebrick, Kristal (2013). Dayton's: A Twin Cities Institution.
Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-Eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-25067-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Target Corporation.



Official website retailing website

Target Corporation corporate website
Target International Shopping Page
The Associated Merchandising Corporation





Business data for Target Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Growth of Target, 1962–2008
Political contributions and lobbying from the National Institute on Money in State Politics







v
t
e


Target Corporation



Current assets



Target
SuperTarget
Flexible format Target





Former assets



B. Dalton
Dayton's
Diamond's
Hudson's
John A. Brown
Lipman's
Lechmere
Marshall Field's
Mervyn's
Target Canada





Brands



Design For All
Go International
Mossimo





Key people



George Dayton
John Geisse
Douglas Dayton
Bob Ulrich
Gregg Steinhafel
Brian Cornell





Related



Bullseye
History
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.
Target Plaza South












v
t
e


Marshall Field's



Parent companies



Batus Inc.
Dayton-Hudson/Target Corporation
The May Department Stores Company
Federated Department Stores/Macy's Inc.





Associated stores



Frederick & Nelson
The Crescent
Ivey's





Store conversions



Dayton's
Hudson's





Related



Marshall Field
Marshall Field's Wholesale Store
Marshall Field and Company Building
Marshall Field and Company Store
Frango












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Supermarket chains in the United States



Kroger



Baker's Supermarkets
City Market
Dillons
Food 4 Less

Foods Co.


Fred Meyer
Fry's Food & Drug
Gerbes Super Markets
Harris Teeter
Jay C
King Soopers
Kroger
Owen's
Pay Less Super Markets
QFC
Ralphs
Roundy's (Pick 'n Save, Mariano's, Metro Market, Copp's)
Ruler Foods
Scott's
Smith's





Albertsons



Acme Markets
Albertsons
Amigos
Carrs
Haggen
Jewel-Osco
Lucky
Market Street
Pavilions
Randalls
Safeway
Shaw's and Star Market
Super Saver
Tom Thumb
United Supermarkets
Vons





SuperValu



County Market
Cub
Farm Fresh
Hornbacher's
Shop 'n Save
Shoppers





Ahold Delhaize



Food Lion
Giant-Carlisle
Giant-Landover
Hannaford Brothers Company
Martin's Food Markets
Stop & Shop





Southeastern Grocers



BI-LO
Fresco y Más
Harveys Supermarkets
Winn-Dixie





Wakefern



PriceRite
ShopRite
The Fresh Grocer





Other national chains



Target
Walmart





Regional chains





Asian




GW Supermarket
H Mart
Hong Kong Supermarket
Island Pacific Supermarket
Lion Supermarket
Marina Food
Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
Mitsuwa Marketplace
Nijiya Market
Seafood City
Shun Fat Supermarket
Tawa

99 Ranch Market
168 Market


Uwajimaya






Hispanic




Bravo
El Ahorro Supermarket
Fiesta Foods
Fiesta Mart
La Perla Tapatía Supermarkets
Más Club
Mi Pueblo Food Center
Supermercados Teloloapan
Vallarta Supermarkets






Organic




Earth Fare
Natural Grocers
Sprouts Farmers Market
Trader Joe's
Whole Foods Market






Wholesale




BJ's Wholesale Club
Cash & Carry
Costco
Sam's Club






Conventional




Acme Fresh Market
Aldi
Amigo
Balducci's
Bashas'
Best Market
Big Y
Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
Bristol Farms
Brookshire Brothers
Brookshire Grocery Company
Buehler Food Markets Inc.
C-Town Supermarkets
Central Market
D&W Fresh Market
Dave's Markets
Dean & DeLuca
DeMoulas Market Basket
Dierbergs Markets
Don Quijote

Times Supermarkets


Dorothy Lane Market
Easy-Way Store
Econofoods
Family Fare
Fairway Market
Fareway
Festival Foods
Festival Foods (Minnesota)
Food Giant
Food City
Foodarama
FoodLand
Foodtown

Pathmark


Gelson's
Gerland Corporation
Giant Eagle
Grand Mart
Gristedes
Grocery Outlet
Harmons
Harps Food Stores
H-E-B
Heinen's Fine Foods
Highland Park Market
Homeland
Houchens
Hugo's
Hy-Vee
IGA
Ingles
Inserra Supermarkets
Jerry's Foods
Jungle Jim's International Market
Karns Quality Foods
Key Food

Super Fresh
The Food Emporium


King Kullen
Kings Super Markets
Kuhn's Quality Foods
Lewis Food Town
Lidl
Lowe's Market
Lowes Foods
Lund Food Holdings
Magruder's
Marc's
Market Basket
Market of Choice
Marsh Supermarkets
Martin's Super Markets
Meijer
Met Foods
Miracle Mart
Mollie Stone's Markets
Morton Williams
New Seasons Market
Niemann Foods
No Frills Supermarkets
Nugget Markets
PCC Natural Markets
Petrini's
Piggly Wiggly
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
Pink Dot
Price Chopper / Price Mart
Price Chopper Supermarkets
Publix
Pueblo
Raley's Supermarkets
Red Owl
Redner's Markets
Remke Markets
Rice Epicurean Markets
Ridley's Family Markets
Roche Bros.
Rosauers Supermarkets
Rouses
Russ's Market
Save-A-Lot
Save Mart Supermarkets
SaveRite
Schnucks
Scolari's Food and Drug
Seafood City
Sedano's
Sellers Bros.
Sendik's Food Market
Sentry Foods
Seven Mile Market
Shop 'n Save
Smart & Final
SpartanNash
Stanley Stores
Star Market
Stater Bros.
Stew Leonard's
Strack & Van Til
Straub's Markets
Sullivan Family of Companies

Foodland Hawaii


Supermercados Econo
Supermercados Selectos
Super Dollar Discount Foods
Super One Foods
Super Saver Foods (B&R Stores)
The Fresh Market
Tops Friendly Markets
United Grocery Outlet
URM Stores
Valu King
Victory Supermarkets
Village Market Food Center
Weaver Street Market
Wegmans
Weis Markets
Westborn Market
Western Beef
WinCo Foods
Woodman's Markets
Yoke's Fresh Market
Zabar's
Zupan's Markets








Defunct banners



A-Mart
A&P

Food Basics
Pathmark
Waldbaum's


ABCO Foods
Alpha Beta
Andronico's
AppleTree Markets
Belle Foods
Big Bear Stores
Big Star Markets
Bloom
Bottom Dollar Food
Bruno's
Buttrey Food & Drug
Byrd's
Carter's Foods
Chatham
Clemens Markets
Colonial Stores
Dahl's Foods
Daniel Reeves Stores
David's Supermarkets
Davis Food City
Delchamps
Deskins
Dick's Supermarket
Dominick's
Eagle Food Centers
Eberhard's
Eisner Food Stores
Farmer Jack
Felpausch
Finast
Fisher Foods
Food Fair
Food World
Food-a-rama
Fresh & Easy
Furr's
Genuardi's
Giant Open Air
Glen's Markets
Grand Union
Hamady Brothers
Henry's Farmers Market
Hills Supermarkets
Hinky Dinky
Jitney Jungle
Johnnie's Foodmaster
Kessel Food Markets
Laneco
Marketside
Mars
Minyard Food Stores
National Supermarkets
National Tea
Omni Superstore
Penn Fruit
Penn Traffic
Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets
Plus
Purity Supreme
Quality Markets
QFI
Red Food
Reid's
Schaffer Stores Company
Seaway Food Town
Seessel's
Simon David
Skaggs Companies
Southern Family Markets
Sunflower Farmers Market
Sunflower Market
Super Duper
Sweetbay Supermarket
Tidyman's
Twin Valu
Ukrop's Super Markets
Warehouse Economy Outlet
Weingarten's
Wild Oats Markets
Xpect Discounts








List of supermarket chains in the United States









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140993075
ISNI: 0000 0004 0437 6013










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Target_Corporation&oldid=791973527"					
Categories: Target CorporationCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies established in 1902Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies of the United States1902 establishments in MinnesotaSuperstores in the United StatesDiscount stores of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1962Pharmacies of the United StatesHealth care companies based in MinnesotaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from April 2017Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from February 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from June 2007Articles with a promotional tone from April 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from October 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011Articles with unsourced statements from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from April 2017Articles needing additional references from December 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesiaಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 17:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Target Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Target Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Target Corp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the defunct Canadian subsidiary, see Target Canada. For the separate Australian company, see Target Australia.

Target Corporation





Target Corporation headquarters in Minneapolis




Formerly called

Goodfellow Dry Goods
(1902–1962)



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TGT
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
June 24, 1902; 115 years ago (1902-06-24)


Founder
George Dayton


Headquarters
Target Plaza North
Target Plaza South
1000 Nicollet Mall, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.



Number of locations

1,802 stores[1] (2016)



Area served

United States (except Vermont)



Key people

Brian Cornell
(Chairman and CEO)
John Mulligan
(EVP and COO)


Products
Beauty and health products; bedding; clothing and accessories; electronics; food; furniture; housewares; jewelry; gardening supplies; pet supplies; shoes; sporting goods; toys/games; small appliances; Office Supplies; Books


Revenue
 US$69.495 billion[2] (2016)



Operating income

 US$4.969 billion[2] (2016)



Net income

 US$2.737 billion[2] (2016)


Total assets
 US$37.431 billion[2] (2016)


Total equity
 US$10.953 billion[2] (2016)



Number of employees

341,000 (2016)


Subsidiaries



Financial and Retail Services
Target Sourcing Services





Website



www.target.com
corporate.target.com





Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.
Target established itself as the highest-earning division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.[3] The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Canadian subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States.
As of 2017, Target operates 1,806[1] stores throughout the United States. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "flexible format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding. Target is often recognized for its emphasis on "the needs of its younger, image-conscious shoppers," whereas its rival Walmart more heavily relies on its strategy of "always low prices."[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 1960s and 1970s
1.3 1980s and 1990s
1.4 2000s and 2010s


2 Store formats

2.1 Target
2.2 SuperTarget
2.3 Flexible format Target


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 Financial and Retail Services
3.2 Target Sourcing Services
3.3 Private label brands
3.4 Website


4 Distribution centers
5 Corporate affairs

5.1 Headquarters
5.2 Diversity
5.3 Philanthropy
5.4 Environmental record
5.5 Customer privacy


6 Corporate identity

6.1 Logo
6.2 Differentiation from competitors
6.3 Targét
6.4 Nomenclature
6.5 Product lines and partnerships
6.6 Gift cards


7 Target Forensic Services
8 Criticism and controversy

8.1 Animal welfare concerns
8.2 "Bathroom policy" and boycott


9 Major sponsorships

9.1 Events
9.2 Sports

9.2.1 Chip Ganassi Racing


9.3 Minnesota United FC

9.3.1 Naming rights


9.4 Radio


10 See also
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of Target Corporation
Early history[edit]




Dayton's Department Store in 1903


The Westminster Presbyterian Church from downtown Minneapolis burned down during the Panic of 1893. Without insurance coverage to cover the financial loss, the congregation found itself unable to rebuild. The church appealed to parishioner George Dayton to purchase an empty corner lot adjacent to the original church in its possession; funds raised from the property's sale allowed the church to rebuild and Dayton constructed a six-story building on his newly purchased property.[5]
Dayton convinced the Reuben Simon Goodfellow Company to move its nearby Goodfellows department store into the newly erected building in 1902, although its owner retired altogether and sold his interest in the store to Dayton.[6] The store was renamed the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1903, and was shortened to the Dayton Company in 1910.[5] The company made its first expansion with the acquisition of the Minneapolis-based jeweler J.B. Hudson & Son right before the Wall Street Crash of 1929; its jewelry store operated in a net loss during the Great Depression, but its department store weathered the economic crisis. Dayton died in 1938 and was succeeded by his son Nelson as the president of the $14 million business.[5] Nelson died in 1950 and was replaced by his own son Donald, who with his cousins replaced the Presbyterian guidelines set by his predecessors with a more secular approach. The company acquired the Lipman's department store company during the 1950s and operated it as a separate division.[7]
1960s and 1970s[edit]
John F. Geisse developed the concept of upscale discount retailing while working for the Dayton Company. Using his concepts, the company opened its first Target discount store at 1515 West County Road B in the Saint Paul suburb of Roseville, Minnesota; Douglas Dayton was its first president. The name "Target" originated from publicity director Stewart K. Widdess, and was intended to prevent consumers from associating the discount store with the department store. It opened three additional units in the first year, and reported its first gain in 1965 with sales reaching $39 million. Later that decade, B. Dalton Bookseller was formed as a subsidiary of the Dayton Company.[6] The parent company acquired the jewelers Shreve & Co. and J.E. Caldwell, the Pickwick Book Shops, and the electronics and appliances chain Lechmere.[5] It also went public with its first offering of common stock,[5] and built its first distribution center in Fridley, Minnesota.[8] In 1969, the Dayton Company itself merged with the Detroit-based J.L. Hudson Company, and together formed the Dayton-Hudson Corporation. The new company, at the time the 14th-largest retailer in the United States, consisted of Target and the department stores Dayton's, Diamond's, Hudson's, John A. Brown, and Lipman's.[5]
Target reached $200 million in sales while Dayton-Hudson acquired Team Electronics and the jewelers C.D. Peacock, Inc. and Jessop and Sons in the 1970s.[5][9] Target reported a decrease in profits in 1972, due to the rapid pace of expansion with the purchase and conversion of several former Arlan's department store locations. New management marked down merchandise to reduce its overstock and only opened one new location that year, Target consequently became Dayton-Hudson's top revenue producer in 1975. Dayton-Hudson was established as the seventh-largest general merchandise retailer in the United States with its acquisition of Mervyn's in 1978.[5]
1980s and 1990s[edit]
Dayton-Hudson sold Lipman's to Marshall Field's (which rebranded them as Frederick & Nelson) and acquired the discount store chain Ayr-Way in 1980,[7] and expanded into the West Coast market with the purchase and conversion of several FedMart stores in 1982.[10] It sold the Dayton-Hudson Jewelers subsidiary to Henry Birks & Sons of Montreal.[5] The company founded the Plums off-price clothing store with four locations in the Los Angeles area in 1983; the following year, it sold the chain to Ross Stores and sold the Diamond's and John A. Brown department stores to Dillard's.[11][12][13] Target was established as the dominant retailer in southern California after purchasing fifty Gemco stores in the state in 1986; that year, Dayton-Hudson sold B. Dalton Bookseller to Barnes & Noble.[6] The acquisition of several Gold Circle and Richway stores assisted its expansion into northwestern and southeastern United States.[10] Later that year, Dayton-Hudson sold Lechmere to a group of investors (including Berkshire Partners).[8]




The exterior of a former Target Greatland store in Laredo, Texas


In 1990, Dayton-Hudson acquired Marshall Field's and opened its first Target Greatland store in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It started the Everyday Hero clothing specialty store with two locations in Minneapolis in 1992,[10] although they were closed in 1997.[14] In 1993, the company created a chain of four closeout stores called Smarts for liquidating clearance merchandise, which was shuttered in 1996.[15] In 1995, the first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska and the Target Guest Card, the discount retail industry's first store credit card, was launched.[5] J. C. Penney offered to buy out Dayton-Hudson for $6.82 billion in 1996, an offer that most analysts had considered as insufficiently valuing the company.[5][16] Target remained the company's main area of growth while the department store subsidiaries underperformed.[17] The middle scale Mervyn's department store chain consisted of 300 units in 16 states, while the upscale department stores division operated 26 Marshall Field's, 22 Hudson's, and 19 Dayton's stores.[5] In an effort to turn the departments around, Mervyn's and Marshall Field's closed several locations.[5]
Dayton-Hudson acquired Greenspring Company's multi-catalog direct marketing unit Rivertown Trading Company and the apparel supplier Associated Merchandising Corporation in 1998.[18][19] In 1999, Dayton-Hudson acquired Fedco in order to expand its SuperTarget operation into southern California.[17][20] Revenue for Dayton-Hudson increased to $33.7 billion, and net income reached $1.14 billion, passing $1 billion for the first time and nearly tripling the 1996 profits of $463 million. On September 7, 1999, Dayton-Hudson launched Target.com website as an e-commerce site as part of its discount retail division.[21]
2000s and 2010s[edit]
In January 2000, Dayton-Hudson was renamed the Target Corporation; between 75 and 80 percent of Dayton-Hudson's sales and earnings were coming from Target while the department stores were used to fuel its growth. It also separated its e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combined it with Rivertown Trading into a standalone subsidiary called target.direct.[22] The following year, the Dayton's and Hudson's stores were rebranded under the Marshall Field's name.[5][17][23] The company sold Marshall Field's to May Department Stores in June 2004 and sold Mervyn's to an investment consortium including Sun Capital Partners, Cerberus Capital Management, and Lubert-Adler/Klaff and Partners, L.P that September. In 2005, Target began operation in Bangalore, India.[24] In 2006, Target completed construction of the Robert J. Ulrich Center in Embassy Golf Links in Bangalore, and Target planned to continue its expansion into India with the construction of additional office space at the Mysore Corporate Campus and successfully opened a branch at Mysore.[24][25]
On January 13, 2011, Target announced its first ever international expansion, into Canada, when it purchased the leaseholds for up to 220 stores of the Canadian sale chain Zellers, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. The deal was announced to have been made for $1.8 billion. Target opened its first Canadian stores in March 2013, and at its peak, Target Canada had 133 stores. However, the expansion into Canada was beset with problems, including supply chain issues that resulted in stores with aisles of empty shelves and higher than expected retail prices. Target Canada racked up losses of $2.1 billion in its short life, and the store's botched expansion was characterized by the Canadian and US media as a "spectacular failure",[26] "an unmitigated disaster",[27][28] and "a gold standard case study in what retailers should not do when they enter a new market."[29] On January 15, 2015, Target announced that all 133 of its Canadian outlets would be closed and liquidated by the end of 2015.[30] The last Target Canada stores closed on April 12, 2015, far ahead of the initial schedule.[28]
Store formats[edit]
Target[edit]




The exterior of a typical Target store in Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target discount store opened in Roseville, Minnesota on May 1, 1962.[31] Present-day properties are roughly 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2) and sell general merchandise including hardlines and softlines.[32] While many Target stores follow a standard big-box architectural style,[33] the company has focused on "customizing each new store to ensure a locally-relevant experience [...] that best fit the surrounding neighborhood’s needs" since August 2006.[34] Initially, only SuperTarget locations operated Starbucks Coffee counters, although they were integrated into general merchandise stores through their expanded partnership beginning in 2003.[35] Several locations include Target Optical, Target Photo, and Target Pharmacy departments; the latter division was purchased by CVS Health in 2015 and began operating as stores-within-stores under the CVS Pharmacy and MinuteClinic mastheads in February 2016.[36]
Target introduced the "PFresh" store prototype in 2006, which expanded their grocery selection in general merchandise locations by an upwards of 200-percent. Newly constructed stores that follow the PFresh format are roughly 1,500 square feet (140 m2) larger than properties without groceries, although retain the Target branding because their offerings are considerably more limited than SuperTarget. The company remodeled 109 stores accordingly in 2006 and renovated another 350 stores the following year.[37] The company's decision to close their garden centers opened floor space for PFresh expansion and larger seasonal departments beginning in 2010.[38]
SuperTarget[edit]




The exterior of a typical SuperTarget in Northlake Mall Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target Greatland location opened in Apple Valley, Minnesota in September 1990. They were about fifty-percent larger than traditional Target stores, and pioneered company standards including an increased number of checkout lanes and price scanners, larger aisles, expanded pharmacy and photography departments, and a food court. Target Greatland locations have since been converted to stores following the PFresh format beginning in 2009.[39]
The first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995, and expanded upon the Target Greatland concept with the inclusion of a full grocery department.[31] The company expanded their grocery assortment in 2003 and adopted the modified tagline "Eat Well. Pay Less." (in reference to their tagline "Expect More. Pay Less.") in 2004.[31][40] In the early 2000s, 43 locations (of nearly 100) featured E-Trade trading stations, although they were all closed by June 2003 after E-Trade determined that "we were not able to make it into a profitable distribution channel."[41]
When comparing itself with rival Walmart Supercenter hypermarkets, then-chief executive Gregg Steinhafel opined that Walmart operates like "a grocer that happens to also sell general merchandise," where in contrast its less aggressive expansion of SuperTarget stores is indicative of their position that the grocery industry as a "high-impact, low-cost" side project.[40] The company operates 239 SuperTarget locations as of September 2015;[42] they each encompass an estimate of 174,000 square feet (16,200 m2).[43]
Flexible format Target[edit]




The exterior of the CityTarget in Boston, Massachusetts, now re-branded as Target


While typical Target locations are approximately 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2), the majority of "flexible format" CityTarget stores are roughly 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2). The first stores were opened in July 2012, in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle;[32] the 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) location in Boston is the largest CityTarget and opened in July 2015.[44] TargetExpress stores hover around 14,000 square feet (1,300 m2) to 21,000 square feet (2,000 m2); the first opened in Dinkytown near the University of Minnesota in July 2014.[45] Products in these flexible format properties are typically sold in smaller packages geared towards customers using public transportation. Locations built in college communities often carry an extended home department of apartment and dormitory furnishings.[46] In August 2015, Target announced that it would rename its nine CityTarget and five TargetExpress stores as Target beginning that October, deciding that "Big or small, our stores have one thing in common: they're all Target."[44] The first flexible format stores under the unified naming scheme opened later that month in Chicago, Rosslyn, San Diego, and San Francisco.[47] The company opened a 45,000 square foot store in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York in October 2016. Three other similar sized stores will open in Philadelphia, Cupertino and the area around Penn State University in October 2016.[3]
Nearly all of its planned openings through 2019 are small formats, which is less than 50,000 square feet.[3] The goal of these smaller format stores is to win over the business of millennial customers. The nearly 30 new locations will be situated in college towns or densely populated areas.[3]
Subsidiaries[edit]
Financial and Retail Services[edit]







Financial and Retail Services (FRS) formerly Target Financial Services (TFS): issues Target's credit cards, known as the Target REDcard (formerly the Target Guest Card), issued through Target National Bank (formerly Retailers National Bank) for consumers and through Target Bank for businesses. Target Financial Services also oversees GiftCard balances. Target launched its PIN-x debit card, the Target Check Card, which was later re-branded the Target Debit Card. The Target Debit Card withdraws funds from the customer's existing checking account, and allows for up to $40 "cash back". The debit card allows guests to save five percent of each purchase.
Target Sourcing Services[edit]
Target Sourcing Services (TSS): This global sourcing organization locates merchandise from around the world for Target and helps import the merchandise to the United States. Such merchandise includes garments, furniture, bedding, and towels. TSS has 27 full-service offices, 48 quality-control offices, and seven concessionaires located throughout the world. TSS employs 1,200 people. Its engineers are responsible for evaluating the factories that do business with Target Corporation for quality, as well as labor rights and transshipment issues.[48] TSS was acquired by Target Corporation in 1998, was founded in 1916 as the Associated Merchandising Corporation, and was previously owned by the clients it served.[citation needed] Target Sourcing Services ceased operations in its department store group, the division of the former Associated Merchandising Corporation that acted as a buying office for Saks, Inc., Bloomingdale's, Stage Stores Inc., T.J.Maxx, and Marshalls.[19]
Private label brands[edit]
Target Brands is the company's brand management division that oversees the company's private label products. In addition, Bullseye Dog is a mascot, and the Bullseye Design and 'Target' are registered trademarks of Target Brands.

Archer Farms,
Market Pantry, grocery products.
Simply Balanced;
Sutton & Dodge, a premium meat line;
Embark, an outdoor gear line of camping equipment;
Room Essentials, a low-end home goods line;
Boots & Barkley, a pet food and supply line;
Merona, a clothing brand purchased by Target in 1991;
Mossimo Supply Co., a clothing line. In partnership with brand owner Iconix Brand Group.
Threshold, a premium furniture line.
up & up. Target issued a re-launch of the Target brand as up&up to include an expanded product selection and a new design. The up & up brand offers essential commodities including household, healthcare, beauty, baby, and personal care products. The brand claims to offer products of equal quality to national brands at a fraction of the cost, averaging a savings of 30 percent.

[49] As of September 2009, up & up offers over 800 products across 40 categories.[50]
Other private labels include two recently released brands,

Pillowfort, a children's line of bedding and
Cat and Jack, a children's line of apparel and accessories.

The new brands were launched in July 2016, during Back to School sales. After the launch, the clothing and bedding brand made a big hit and was successful. Target executives claim that the new brands increased sales by $1 billion and increased 15% in revenue, only during their first year.[51]
Website[edit]

Target.com



Screenshot 






Type of site

E-commerce


Website
target.com


Alexa rank
 324 global,  94 in the United States (February 2017[update])[52]


Commercial
Yes


Registration
Optional


Launched
August 2011; 5 years ago (2011-08)


Current status
Online


Target.com owns and oversees the company's e-commerce initiatives, such as the Target.com domain. Founded in early 2000 as target.direct, it was formed by separating the company's existing e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combining it with its Rivertown Trading direct marketing unit into a stand-alone subsidiary.[22] In 2002, target.direct and Amazon.com's subsidiary Amazon Enterprise Solutions created a partnership in which Amazon.com would provide order fulfillment and guest services for Target.com in exchange for fixed and variable fees. After the company sold Marshall Field's and Mervyn's in 2004, target.direct became Target.com. The domain target.com attracted at least 288 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey.[53] In August 2009, Target announced that they would build and manage a new Target.com platform, independent of Amazon.com. This new platform was to launch in 2011, in advance of the holiday season. Prior to the announcement, Target and Amazon had extended their partnership until 2011.[54] In January 2010, Target announced their vendor partners for the re-platforming project. These partners include Sapient, IBM, Oracle, Endeca, Autonomy, Sterling Commerce and Huge, among others.[55] The re-platformed Target.com officially launched on August 23, 2011, effectively ending the partnership with Amazon.com.[56]
Distribution centers[edit]
As of May 2016[update], Target Corporation operates 38 distribution centers across the United States.[57] Target opened three new distribution centers in 2006 (Rialto, California, DeKalb, Illinois) and one in 2009 (Newton, North Carolina) to support the growth of its stores. With the exception of vendor supplied items, such as greeting cards and soda, these distribution centers ship items directly to Target stores. Also, unlike Walmart, Target's grocery selection does not come from their own distribution centers, but from the companies with whom Target has partnered.[6]
The retail chain's first distribution center opened in Fridley, Minnesota, in 1969. It included a computerized distribution system and was known as the Northern Distribution Center. During this time, the chain consisted of seventeen stores after having expanded into Oklahoma and Texas.[58]
On August 9, 2004, Target announced to their suppliers that they were going to perform a trial on the effects of radio-frequency identification on the efficiency of supply chain management in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. This trial involved one Target distribution center and ten nearby Target stores. Here, RFID tags would be placed on the bar codes of pallets and cartons to track the goods from the suppliers to the distribution center, and from the distribution center to the stores.[59] As of 2009, RFID had been phased out of the Dallas–Fort Worth stores.
On January 27, 2009, Target announced the closing of its distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas, the second-oldest in the company. The reason cited was the need to ensure that Target remains competitive in the long-term.[60]
SuperTarget and PFresh stores require fresh produce, refrigerated and frozen items. Food distribution centers owned by SuperValu have been utilized by Target for many years. In October 2003, SuperValu's facility in Phoenix, Arizona, was converted to serve Target exclusively.[61] The same change was implemented at the SuperValu center in Fort Worth, Texas.[62] A new distribution center was constructed by Target in Lake City, Florida, to serve the Southeast, but it is operated by SuperValu.[61] A fourth center in Cedar Falls, Iowa, opened in 2009 and is unique in that it is located adjacent to a standard Target Distribution Center, each utilizing the same dispatch office.[62] Other warehouses owned by SuperValu are still used in other regions, but Target plans to replace those over the next few years.[61] In Colorado, stores are serviced through FreshPack Produce Inc. of Denver.[6] In the mid-Atlantic region/Philadelphia market, C&S Wholesale Grocers services the fresh produce, meat, dairy, bakery, & frozen needs to "PFresh" stores.
The company operates four facilities to receive shipments from overseas manufacturers and suppliers. They are located near ports at Rialto, California; Savannah, Georgia; Lacey, Washington; and Suffolk, Virginia. Merchandise received is sent directly to Regional Distribution Centers. Internet sales orders from the Target Direct division, which operates from the Target.com website, are processed by the facility in Woodbury, Minnesota, with some support from Savannah, Georgia, and other vendors. New centers opened in Ontario, California, and Tucson, Arizona, in 2009.[62]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]




Target Plaza South, a portion of the Target Corporation headquarters complex in downtown Minneapolis; the building originally featured the Target Light System, created by using 3M light pipes[63] but was replaced by more energy-efficient LEDs in 2011.[64]


Target Corporation has its headquarters on Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis,[65] near the site of the original Goodfellows store.[citation needed] The complex includes Target Plaza North and Target Plaza South. Ryan Companies developed the complex, and Ellerbe Becket served as the architect. Target had the approximately $260-million complex developed to provide one location of office space for 6,000 employees. The 14-story Target Plaza North has 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of office and retail space while the 32-story Target Plaza South has 1,250,000 square feet (116,000 m2) of space.[66]
Brian Cornell is the CEO of Target Corporation. In January 2016, Cornell began making home visits in an effort to understand better the needs and desires of his customers.[67] In January 2016, Target fired Tina Tyler from her job as chief stores officer. She was replaced with long-time employee Janna Potts.[68]
Diversity[edit]
The company states that "individuality may include a wide spectrum of attributes such as personal style, age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, language, physical ability, religion, family, citizenship status, socio-economic circumstances, education, and life experiences."[69]
The Target employee diversity initiative is called "All Together Target".[70] It specifically seeks to work with vendors and contractors that are owned by minorities or women.[71]
In February 2012, the company extended the team member discount to same-sex partners of employees. It had received a 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Score, prior to donating funds to Minnesota Forward.[72]
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has repeatedly given Target failing grades on its annual Economic Reciprocity Initiative report card, a measure of the company's "commitment to the African-American citizenry". In 2003 and 2005, the NAACP has rated Target an "F" on this report; in 2004, Target was rated a "D-".[73][74][75] In 2006, when Target was asked why it didn't participate in the survey again,[76] a representative explained, "Target views diversity as being inclusive of all people from all different backgrounds, not just one group."[77]
In February 2006, the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) filed a class action discrimination lawsuit in Northern California's Alameda County Superior Court, claiming that Target's commercial website contains "thousands of access barriers that make it difficult, if not impossible, for blind customers to use."[78] Target Corporation settled the lawsuit in October 2008, paying $6 million and agreeing to work with the NFB over the next three years improving the usability of the Target.com site.[79] August 24, 2009, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a discrimination lawsuit against Target Corporation for unlawfully denying reasonable accommodation to an employee with multiple disability-based impairments and substantially reducing his work hours due to the medical conditions.[80] According to the claims in the EEOC press release, Target's actions violated Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) and Title I of the Civil Rights Act of 1991.[81]
Philanthropy[edit]
Target Corporation is consistently ranked as one of the most philanthropic companies in the US. It ranked No. 22 in Fortune magazine's "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2010, largely in part to the donation efforts of the company as a whole.[82] According to a November 2005 Forbes article, it ranked as the highest cash-giving company in America in percentage of income given (2.1%).[83] Target donates around 5 percent of its pre-tax operating profit; it gives over $3 million a week (up from $2 million in years prior) to the communities in which it operates. It also gives a percentage of charges from its Target Visa to schools designated by the cardholders. To date, Target has given over $150 million to schools across the United States through this program.
Further evidence of Target's philanthropy can be found in the Target House complex in Memphis, Tennessee, a long-term housing solution for families of patients at the city's St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The corporation led the way with more than $27 million in donations, which made available 96 fully furnished apartments for families needing to stay at St. Jude over 90 days.
Target has a no-solicitation rule at its properties, as it seeks to provide a "distraction-free shopping experience for its guests." Exemptions to this policy were previously made for the Salvation Army red kettles and bell-ringers outside Target stores during the holidays through Christmas. In 2004, however, Target asked the organization to explore alternate methods to partner with Target. Target donates to local Salvation Army chapters through its grant program and annually to the United Way of America (the Salvation Army is a member of the United Way coalition).
In 2005, Target and the Salvation Army[84] created a joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Wish List", where online shoppers could donate goods to the organization for hurricane victims by buying them directly from Target.com between November 25, 2005, and January 25, 2006. In 2006, they created another joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Angel Giving Tree",[85] which is an online version of the Salvation Army's Angel Tree program;[86] in addition to donating proceeds made from the sales of limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornaments within Target's stores. During the Thanksgiving holiday of 2006, Target and the Salvation Army partnered with magician David Blaine to send several families on a shopping spree the morning of Black Friday. The challenge held that if Blaine could successfully work his way out of a spinning gyroscope by the morning of Black Friday, then several families would receive $500 shopping certificates. The challenge was completed successfully by Blaine.[87]
During disasters, Target has been a major benefactor for relief efforts. Target provided monetary and product donations during the September 11 attacks; it also donated money for relief efforts for the 2004 tsunami in South Asia and donated $1.5 million (US) to the American Red Cross in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It also allowed its store properties in the affected area to be used as command centers for relief organizations and donated supplies such as water and bug spray.
Target will often donate its unused, returned or seasonal merchandise (particularly clothing) to Goodwill Industries.
Environmental record[edit]
In 2007, Target Corporation agreed to reduce their sales on all materials containing polyvinyl chloride (PVC).[88] Testers found toxic lead and phthalates and large amounts of PVC in toys, lunchboxes, baby bibs, jewelry, garden hoses, mini blinds, Christmas trees, and electronics.[88] Several studies have shown that chemicals in vinyl chloride can cause serious health problems for children and adults.[88] The University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago states that people who use products containing PVC can become exposed with harmful toxic phthalates and lead, which eventually can become a big contributor with dioxins.[88] Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment, and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."[88] Other companies reducing the PVC on their shelves include Walmart, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, and Apple.[88] Target stores have been taking environmental measures by reusing materials within their stores and recycling products such as broken hangers, cardboard, and rechargeable batteries.[89] Target is beginning to reduce energy use with energy-efficient storefronts and reducing waste with recycling programs.[90] All Target stores in the United States use plastic carts with metal frames. In mid-2006, Target took it a step further when it began introducing a newer cart design made entirely of plastic. It also uses the same design in its hand-use baskets.[91]
Target released a 13-page report in 2007 that outlined their current and future plans for becoming more earth-friendly according to LEED. Such efforts include installing sand filtration systems for the stores' wastewater. Recycling programs will be aimed at garment hangers, corrugated cardboard, electronics, shopping carts, shrink wrap, construction wastes, carpeting and ceiling tiles and roofing materials. All stores in Oklahoma will be partnered with Oklahoma Gas & Electric to exclusively use wind power for all Target stores in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Stores nationwide use only LED and fluorescent lights and low-flow restrooms that reduce waste water by 30%. Some Target stores are installing roof gardens or green roofs, which absorb storm water and cut down on surface runoff, mitigate temperature fluctuations and provide habitats for birds. There are currently four green-roof Target stores in Chicago.
Target carries over 700 organic and alternative products from brands such as Archer Farms, Burt's Bees, and Method Products. They also sell clothes made from organic cotton, non-toxic cleaners, low-energy lighting and electronics, non-toxic and non-animal tested cosmetics, and furniture made from recycled materials. As of June 2007[update], Target has been offering reusable shopping bags as an alternative to disposable plastic bags. Target gift cards are made from corn-based resins. All of the stores' packaging is done with a modified paperboard/clamshell option and has goals for phasing out plastic wrap completely.[92]
In collaboration with MBH Architects, Target's first "green" building was a 100,000+ square foot Target store built in 1995 in Fullerton, California. It was a part of the EPA Energy Star Showcase for its use of skylights that cut the original energy consumption by 24% with a 5-year payback.[93] Target and MBH Architects were awarded the "Green Lights Partner/Ally of the Year Award".[94]
Target is the only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. In 2007, this program prevented 434 million hangers from entering landfills.
On June 15, 2009, the California Attorney General and 20 California District Attorneys filed a lawsuit in Alameda County alleging that Target stores across the state have been illegally dumping hazardous wastes in landfills.[95]
On October 1, 2009, Target Corporation agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty for importing and selling a variety of toys with lead paint levels that were higher than is legally allowed. The Consumer Products Safety Commission alleged that "Target knowingly imported and sold the illegal Chinese-made toys between May 2006 and August 2007."[96] A similar problem occurred a few months later in February 2010, when Target pulled Valentine's Day "message bears" from its shelves at the request of the California attorney general's office. The bears, which were manufactured in China, contained more lead than is permissible under federal law for children under 12.[97]
A class action suit was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, on behalf of consumers in Ohio that purchased Target-brand wet wipes. The lawsuit filed against Target Corporation alleges the retailer misled consumers by marking the packaging on its up & up® brand wipes as flushable and safe for sewer and septic systems. The lawsuit also alleges that so-called flushable wipes are a public health hazard because they are alleged to clog pumps at municipal waste-treatment facilities.[98]
Customer privacy[edit]
In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.[99][100] Compromised customer information included names, phone numbers, email and mailing addresses.[101] In March 2015, Target reached a class-action settlement with affected consumers for $10 million (plus class-action attorney fees).[102] In May 2016, Target settled with affected banks and credit unions for $39 million (plus class-action attorney fees), of which $19 million would be disbursed by a MasterCard program.[103]
Corporate identity[edit]
Logo[edit]
96% of American consumers recognize the Target Bullseye logo.[104]







Original Target logo (1962–67)









Second Target logo (1968–present)









Third Target logo (1975–2004) "primary", (1975–present) "secondary"









Fourth Target logo (2004–present)









Target Greatland logo (1990–2006)









Original SuperTarget logo (1995–2005)









Second SuperTarget logo (2006–present)









CityTarget logo (2012–15)









TargetExpress logo (2014–15)




Differentiation from competitors[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Target Corporation competes directly against other discount retailers, mainly Kmart and Walmart. Since its founding, it has intended to differentiate its stores from its competitors by offering what it believes is more upscale, trend-forward merchandise at lower costs, rather than the traditional concept of focusing on low-priced goods. Douglas J. Dayton, one of the Dayton brothers, explained John Geisse's concept:


“
"We will offer high-quality merchandise at low margins, because we are cutting expenses. We would much rather do this than trumpet dramatic price cuts on cheap merchandise."[58]
”


As a result, Target stores tend to attract younger customers than Walmart, among other competitors. The median Target shopper is 41, the youngest of all major discount retailers that Target competes directly against. The median household income of Target's customer base is roughly $63,000. Roughly 76% of Target customers are female, and more than 45% have children at home. About 80% have attended college and 48% have completed college.[105][106]
In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers. It planned to add perishables to their inventory, cut back on discretionary items, and spend three-quarters of their marketing budget on advertising that emphasizes value and includes actual prices of items featured in ads. Target also planned to slow its expansion from about 100 stores a year down to 70 stores a year.[107][108][109]
Target stores are designed to be more attractive than large big-box stores by having wider aisles, drop ceilings, a more attractive presentation of merchandise, and generally cleaner fixtures. Special attention is given to the design of the store environment: graphics reinforce its advertising imagery, while shelves are dressed with contemporary signage, backdrops, and liners, often printed on inexpensive material such as paper, corrugated and foam boards. Some stores, particularly those in the vicinity of major airports, have a bullseye painted on the roof that can be seen from above: the stores in Atlanta, Georgia near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport; Rosemont, Illinois, near O'Hare International Airport; Potomac Yard, Virginia, near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport; College Point, New York (Queens), east of LaGuardia Airport; and Richfield, Minnesota, adjacent to Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport are among such locations.[110] Target doesn't use music in its stores, nor does it promote items or services through its public address system.[citation needed]
Target stores do not sell firearms. In the early 1990s, they ceased sales of toy guns that looked realistic and limited its toy gun selection to ones that were brightly colored and oddly shaped. In 2014, Target also "respectfully" asked their guests to leave any firearms at home when visiting the store.[111] They do not sell tobacco products and have not sold cigarettes since 1996.[112]
Targét[edit]
Some people jokingly give Target the pseudo-French pronunciation /tɑːrˈʒeɪ/ tar-ZHAY, as though it were an upscale boutique. Though this practice is often attributed to Oprah Winfrey's usage on her television show, it is first attested in 1962, the year the first Target store opened. Target once sold a line of shoes called "Miss Targé"[113] this was reinforced by a 1980s television advertisement starring Didi Conn. This pronunciation has also led some people to incorrectly believe that the company is French-owned.[6] In recognition of the nickname's popularity and cachet, Target Corporation licensed its name and logo to Brand Central LLC in 2006, complete with accent over the letter "E" (though this is not correct French spelling) for a new line of clothing intended for more upscale fashion customers. The line, "Targét Couture", was originally sold at Los Angeles-based store Intuition, which deals with high-end brands.[114][115]
Nomenclature[edit]
Target uses a practice that was derived in 1989 from The Walt Disney Company[6] by calling its customers "Guests", its employees "Team Members", and its supervisors "Team Leaders". Also, managers are known as "Executive Team Leaders (ETLs)" and the Store Manager is known as the "Store Team Leader (STL)". Further up the "chain of command" are "District Team Leaders (DTL)", "Group Team Leaders (GTL)", Regional Team Leaders (RTL) (sometimes also Regional Vice President), and finally corporate-level executives.
Product lines and partnerships[edit]
Target has many exclusive deals with various designers and name brands, including Finnish design company Marimekko; architect Michael Graves; athletic wear company Converse; Italian fashion label Fiorucci; fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, Liz Lange, Mossimo Giannulli, and Isaac Mizrahi, among others. To further increase their fashion profile, Target also created its fashion-forward Go International line, which hires famous designers to design collections available only for a few months.[116]
Target, after hiring architect Michael Graves to design the scaffolding used to renovate the Washington Monument and contributing $6 million USD to the restoration plan, introduced its first designer line of products in 1999, the Michael Graves Collection of housewares and home decor products.[116] Walmart and Kmart have followed Target's lead by signing exclusive designers to their stores as well. Target also partners with well-established national brands to create exclusive collections for its stores.[116]
Target also signed an exclusive deal with Food Network to sell VHS tapes of TV shows featuring popular chefs such as Alton Brown, Paula Deen, and Rachael Ray.[when?][citation needed]
In 2005, Target introduced a major revision of prescription bottles, which it calls the ClearRx system. The redesigned bottles are color-coded, flattened-out and turned upside down, providing more room for the label. This system was based on the patent[117] by student Deborah Adler and was named one of TIME's "Most Amazing Inventions of 2005".[118]
Sometimes manufacturers will create red-colored items exclusively for Target. In 2002, Nintendo produced a red special edition variant of the Game Boy Advance, which featured the Target logo above the screen.[119]
In 2005, IFC began a partnership with Target to promote a selection of independent films, both in Target stores and on IFC Monday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern. Originally titled IFC Cinema Red, the promotion was rebranded on-air as The Spotlight in 2007. The in-store headers refer to the selected titles as IFC Indies – Independent films chosen for Target by the Independent Film Channel.[120]
In 2016, Target began to enforce gender neutrality in its marketing of toys, and no longer explicitly listed specific toys as being for "boys" or "girls". This practice was expanded with the February 2016 launch of a new children's decor line, Pillowfort, which will replace its Circo brand and feature more gender-neutral designs and color schemes.[121]
Gift cards[edit]
The Target GiftCard is the retailing division's stored-value card or gift card. Target sells more gift cards than any other retailer in the United States and is one of the top sellers, by dollars and units, in the world.[122] The unique designs of their cards contribute to their higher sales, as well as Target's policy of no expiration dates or service fees.[123] Past and current designs include lenticular, "scratch and sniff" (such as peppermint during the Christmas season), glow in the dark, LED light-up, a gift card on the side of a bubble blower, a gift card that can function as a CD-ROM, and even a gift card that allows the sender to record a voice message. A current environmentally friendly gift card is made from bioplastic manufactured from corn.[124] Target rolled out a new MP3 player gift card for the 2006 holiday season. It holds 12 songs and must be purchased with an initial value of at least $50.
Beginning in January 2010, Target Stores rolled out Mobile GiftCards, through which one can produce a GiftCard barcode on any web-capable cell phone. This data matrix barcode can be scanned at a Target POS like any physical card barcode, and balances can be stored, retrieved, and gifted with the convenience of a cell phone.[citation needed]
Some of these unique design ideas are patented, and these patents are assigned to the Target Brands subsidiary. For example, some such Target GiftCard designs feature a wooden front side. On May 24, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted U.S. patent D505,450 for the "ornamental design for a credit or stored value card with wood layer" to inventors Amy L. Lauer and John D. Mayhew.[125] U.S. patent 7004398, for the "stored-value card assembly including a stored-value card, an edible product, and a wrapper", was granted to Michael R. Francis and Barry C. Brooks on February 28, 2006.[126] Both patents have been assigned by their inventors to Target Brands, Inc.
Target GiftCards are also collectors items. Some of the first gift cards issued are valued at over $300 (even though the card doesn't have any money on it). Every year, Target introduces new Holiday GiftCards. In 2007, Target's Holiday GiftCards featured a wind-up flashlight, a musical gift card, a gift card that lights up, and a scented gift card.
Target Forensic Services[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2006, The Washington Post revealed that Target is operating two sophisticated criminal forensics laboratories, one at its headquarters and the other in Las Vegas.[127] Originally, the lab was created with the role of investigating internal instances of theft, fraud, and other criminal actions that have occurred on its own properties. Eventually, the company began offering pro bono services to law enforcement agencies across the country. Target's Forensic Services has assisted agencies at all levels of government, including such federal agencies as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Secret Service. In fact, the labs have become such a popular resource for law enforcement that Target has had to restrict its assistance to violent felonies.[128][129]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
Animal welfare concerns[edit]
In 2011, Mercy for Animals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing cruelty to farmed animals and promoting compassionate food choices and policies, uncovered animal abuse at a Target egg supplier.[130] Hidden-camera footage shot at Sparboe Farms—a significant egg supplier to Hy-Vee, McDonald's, Sam's Club, SuperValu, and Target—revealed hens crammed into filthy wire cages, unable to fully stretch their wings or engage in most other natural behaviors. The investigator documented workers burning off chicks' beaks without painkillers, torturing animals, and throwing live birds into plastic bags and leaving them to suffocate. Dead hens were left to rot alongside birds that were still laying eggs for human consumption.[citation needed]
The investigation received international media attention; it aired first on ABC's Good Morning America,[131] World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer,[132] and 20/20.[133] As a result of the investigation and the public outcry that followed, Target immediately discontinued its relationship with the company.[134][135][136] Moreover, in January 2016, Target Corp. announced that it will discontinue the use of eggs from caged hens, and become entirely cage-free by the year 2025.[137]
"Bathroom policy" and boycott[edit]
In April 2016, Target announced on its website that it would allow transgender customers and employees access to use restrooms and changing areas that correspond with the gender with which they identify, except where local laws require otherwise. The New York Times called this "the most prominent position taken by a national retailer".[138] In response, the American Family Association (AFA) launched a nationwide boycott; by April 28 about one million people had signed the AFA's petition.[139][140] Numerous other faith groups responded with criticism, although some were more measured.[citation needed] Target saw a drop in consumer polls, from 42% to 38%, around the time the policy was announced.[141] In mid-May, CEO Cornell said the boycott impacted "just a handful of stores across the country".[142] Some observers, such as Fortune's Phil Wahba, believed that Target's bathroom policy may have caused part of Target's drop in shopper traffic during the second quarter of 2016. On August 17, Target announced it would add a third, private, single-stall locking bathroom at many of its stores.[143] In 2017, Cornell claimed not to know about, or have approved, the policy before it was published. The policy cost the business US$20 million and caused sales to fall nearly 6% in the three quarters following.[144][143]
Major sponsorships[edit]




The Target Chip Ganassi Racing IndyCar visiting Purdue University







This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Events[edit]

Target often supports major awards shows, such as the Emmys, Golden Globes, Grammys, and Oscars.
Target Corporation is a major sponsor of the annual Minneapolis Aquatennial, where it hosts the Target Fireworks Show, the largest annual fireworks show west of the Mississippi River and the fourth largest annual fireworks show in the United States.[145]
Target was a sponsor of the 2006–2007 New Year's Times Square Ball Drop and had its logo placed on the confetti dropped during the celebrations as well as specially designed "2007" glasses.[146]

Sports[edit]
Chip Ganassi Racing[edit]
Target is a long-time sponsor of the IndyCar and NASCAR racing teams of Chip Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target's relationship with Ganassi in IndyCar go back to 1990 when it began sponsoring Eddie Cheever. Some of their most famous drivers in the 1990s include Michael Andretti, Bryan Herta, and Arie Luyendyk. In the late 1990s, Target Chip Ganassi Racing had a four-year run of winning championships in CART, winning 1996 with Jimmy Vasser, 1997 and 1998 with Alex Zanardi, and 1999 with Juan Pablo Montoya.[citation needed] Ganassi won their first Indianapolis 500 in 2000. The team moved full-time into the rival Indy Racing League in 2003,[citation needed] and won in its first year of full-time competition, with Scott Dixon. Dixon won the championship again in 2008. The 2009 season marked the 20th anniversary of the Target race program. Franchitti won his second career IndyCar championship, and with Scott Dixon finishing second, gave Target a one-two sweep in the IndyCar Series. Dixon and Franchitti won 10 of 17 races (Dixon-5, Franchitti-5) and tied the team record from 1998 where Alex Zanardi and Jimmy Vasser combined to win 10 in the 19-race 1998 CART season. In 2010, Franchitti won the Indianapolis 500. He also won the series championship for the Target team, by five points over second-place finisher Will Power.[citation needed]
Target started sponsoring stock cars in 2001 with Sterling Marlin when Chip Ganassi bought into the Felix Sabates stock car team.[citation needed] In the 2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season, the No. 41 Chip Ganassi Target car was driven by Jimmy Spencer, and from 2003 to 2005, Casey Mears drove the car. In 2006, Reed Sorenson took over the No. 41 when Mears moved to a different Chip Ganassi car on the same team. Sorenson drove the car through the 2008 season, and Target has also had some major sponsorship time on the Ganassi Racing No. 40 car with Dario Franchitti and Jeremy Mayfield who subbed for the injured Franchitti. The 40 team has since been shut down. For 2009, the Target sponsorship moved to the No. 42 driven by Juan Pablo Montoya with the newly formed Earnhardt Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target also sponsored Earnhardt Ganassi Racing's No. 8 car driven by Aric Almirola, which it co-sponsors in some races with other sponsors such as Guitar Hero and TomTom until the team was disbanded in May 2009. Kyle Larson took over the No. 42 in 2014 and Target sponsored the No. 51 of Phoenix Racing for Larson's Sprint Cup Series debut.[147]
The Target Chip Ganassi[148] car driven by Dario Franchitti won the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday, May 30, 2010.[149]
Target will be ending its association with IndyCar racing at the end of the 2016 season.[150]
Minnesota United FC[edit]
In January 2017, Minnesota United FC, a Major League Soccer expansion team debuting for the 2017 Season, announced that Target would be the team's front-of-jersey match kit sponsor, as well as sponsoring MLS overall. This brings one of the largest sponsors in the league, especially for an expansion team making its debut appearance. The team also has an advantage of having a large, well-known hometown brand versus an entity outside the region, in addition to the financial benefits of such a large sponsor.
Naming rights[edit]
Target owns the naming rights to the Target Center and Target Field in Minneapolis.
Radio[edit]
Target is the founding sponsor of the Weekend America radio program.
See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Design For All (product line)

References[edit]


^ a b "2016 Annual Report" (PDF). corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 29, 2017. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Annual Report". corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d Tuttle, Brad. "Why Target Is Focusing on Millennials and Cities Instead of Suburban Moms". MONEY.com. Retrieved October 12, 2016. 
^ Leinward, Paul; Mainardi, Cesare (December 15, 2010). "Why Can’t Kmart Be Successful While Target and Walmart Thrive?". Harvard Business Review. Harvard Business Publishing. Retrieved March 17, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n "Target Corporation History". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25067-8. 
^ a b "Lipman Wolfe and Co.". Pdxhistory.com. June 24, 2006. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "History of Lechmere Inc. – FundingUniverse". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ Richard Halverson (May 2, 1994). "Ulrich moving up at DH: speculation mounts about naming a successor – Robert Ulrich becomes chairman of Dayton Hudson Corp". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c "1962–1992 Dayton's dream is on Target". Discount Store News. April 20, 1992. [permanent dead link]
^ Sidney Rutberg (February 1984). "Plums fall doesn't cause too many shock waves". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ "Dayton Hudson, sour on Plums, sells its 11-month-old off-pricer". Discount Store News. March 19, 1984. Archived from the original on July 13, 2012. 
^ "Dayton-Hudson In Dillard Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target closes Everyday Hero in Mall of America". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. September 11, 1997. 
^ "Target Stores to Close Experimental [sic] Clearance Outlets". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved July 27, 2005. 
^ "Unsolicited J.C. Penney Offer Rejected By Dayton Hudson". The Seattle Times. April 25, 1996. 
^ a b c "Target Corporation 2000 Annual Report" (PDF). Target Corporation. 
^ "MPR PARENT SELLS RIVERTOWN TRADING CO. TO DAYTON HUDSON". Archived from the original on July 2, 2006. Retrieved July 12, 2014. 
^ a b "Associated Merchandising Corporation". The American Chamber of Commerce in Thailand. 
^ "Target buys Fedco for SuperT". Discount Store News. July 26, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target may step up NE rollouts; debuts long-awaited e-tail site". Discount Store News. September 20, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ a b "Target is the name". Discount Store News. February 21, 2000. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target Corporation 2001 Annual Report". Target Corporation. 
^ a b "Global Team: Bangalore". Target. Archived from the original on March 9, 2013. 
^ "Target Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share $1.29". Target Corporation. February 27, 2007. 
^ "Target admits it missed the mark, but what does it mean for Canadian retail? - Business - CBC News". Cbc.ca. January 15, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Hey Target, here's how you expand into Canada, courtesy of Wal-Mart". Macleans.ca. August 20, 2014. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "Target can't get out of Canada fast enough". Fortune.com. April 2, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Target Corp’s spectacular Canada flop: A gold standard case study for what retailers shouldn’t do | Financial Post". Business.financialpost.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "News Releases: Hot Off the Press & Archives | Target Corporate". Pressroom.target.ca. Archived from the original on April 30, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c "Target Through the Years". Target Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b "Target Launches Smaller CityTarget Stores To Appeal To Urban Shoppers". The Huffington Post. AOL. July 18, 2012. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Target’s 2016 store plan: urban, urban and more urban". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. December 23, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "New Store, Big City: Target to Open in Queens, N.Y., in 2016". Target Corporation. August 26, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target, Starbucks agree to add coffee shops to new Target stores". Louisville Business First. American City Business Journals. October 11, 2002. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Wanba, Phil (February 3, 2016). "CVS Opens First Pharmacies Within Target Stores". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target to add ‘PFresh’ grocery concept at 350 stores". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. November 18, 2006. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (August 13, 2010). "Target Closing All Remaining Garden Centers". Consumerist. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Moore, Paula (January 7, 2011). "Target to roll out ‘PFresh’ concept store at Belmar center in Lakewood". Denver Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Zimmerman, Ann (May 12, 2009). "Target Believes a Rebound Recipe Is in Grocery Aisle". Wall Street Journal. News Corp. Retrieved March 10, 2006. 
^ "E-Trade closes trading stations". San Francisco Business Times. American City Business Journals. June 6, 2003. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target Corporation Company Statistics". Statistic Brain Research Institute. September 3, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Harris, Elizabeth (January 16, 2014). "Target Tests Small Store for Urban Shoppers as Young People Pick Cities Over Suburbs". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Halter, Nick (August 4, 2015). "Target's dropping its TargetExpress and CityTarget names for small stores". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved August 26, 2015. 
^ "Dinkytown mini-Target store will open in July" Archived September 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Chusman & Wakefield Retail Services. July 7, 2014.
^ Trinh, Jean (October 17, 2015). "Target Stores Planned For Koreatown And Near USC". LAist. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Keeping Things Simple: Rebranding our CityTarget and TargetExpress Stores". A Bullseye View. Target Corporation. August 4, 2015. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Vendor Compliance". Target Corporation. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ "Target up & up Brand Offers Great Quality at Low Prices". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "up & up". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "Target aims for stars with new kids apparel brand Cat & Jack". Star Tribune. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Target.com Site Info". Alexa Internet. Retrieved February 16, 2017. 
^ "Site Profile for target.com (rank #28) | Compete". Siteanalytics.compete.com. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "Target to Build and Manage New Target.com Platform / Target Corp". Target. August 7, 2009. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target.com Announces Vendor Partners for Re-platforming Effort / Target Corp". Target. January 11, 2010. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Launches Redesigned E-Commerce Website / Target Corp". Target. August 23, 2011. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Corporate Fact Sheet". corporate.target.com. Retrieved May 31, 2016. 
^ a b From Roseville to Greatland, Target still hits the mark[permanent dead link], Discount Store News, September 17, 1990.
^ "Target Meets With Suppliers About RFID Plans". InformationWeek. August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target announces workforce reduction". January 29, 2009. 
^ a b c "Target aims for FL food distribution center". Refrigerated Transporter. February 1, 2007. 
^ a b c "Target Stores, Target Distribution Centers". Target. 
^ Target Lights create evolving Minneapolis landmark, Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal, April 11, 2003.
^ "Target Mpls skyline light show to go high def". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. May 13, 2011. Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ "Corporate Headquarters Archived November 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.." Target Corporation. Retrieved on July 8, 2010. "Target Corporate Headquarters 1000 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55440"
^ "Target Office Towers." City of Minneapolis. Retrieved on July 8, 2010.
^ Crosby, jACKIE (January 20, 2016). "Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting homes of customers". Star Tribune. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Ziobro, Paul (January 19, 2016). "Home Depot Replaces Head of U.S. Stores Business". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Diversity Statement Archived June 29, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation.
^ Target Diversity website, Target Corporation.
^ "Supplier Diversity: Minority and Women Business Development Program". Target Corporation. 
^ "Profile: Target Corp.". Human Rights Campaign. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "NAACP 2005 Industry Surveys Give Five Major Industries "C" and "D" Grades". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "2006 General Merchandising Industry Report Card". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original on November 30, 2006. 
^ Erin Texeira (July 18, 2006). "NAACP Issues Corporate Report Cards". The Washington Post. Associated Press. 
^ Meyers, Michelle. "Blind patrons sue Target for site inaccessibility – CNET News". CNET. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Alexander, Steve (August 27, 2008). "Target settles suit over Web access". Star Tribune. Archived from the original on October 15, 2012. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "EEOC Sues Target For Disability Discrimination". ABC. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 1, 2013. 
^ "Target Stores Sued For Disability Discrimination". Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "World's Most Admired Companies". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2010. 
^ The Most Charitable Companies, Forbes, November 14, 2005.
^ Target and The Salvation Army Announce Partnership Archived February 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2005.
^ Target Launches Multi-Faceted Christmas Partnership With The Salvation Army Archived November 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2006.
^ Salvation Army Giving Tree Archived November 28, 2005, at the Wayback Machine., Target.com.
^ Magician David Blaine Ends Latest Stunt by Escaping From Gyroscope in NYC, FOXNews.com, November 24, 2006.
^ a b c d e f "Target Stores to Phase Out Vinyl Plastic Products". Environment News Service. November 12, 2007. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Target Corporation 2006 Awards. Retrieved May 4, 2008 Archived April 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Green Commerce Is Good Commerce". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ plasticsdesign.org
^ Target Corporation. "Environmental Responsibility." Target Corporation Responsibility Report Archived May 29, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. June 2007. Date Accessed: April 16, 2008
^ Dobrovolny, Peter. "Sustainability: High Performance Buildings Deliver Increased Retail Sales." Seattle.gov. Date accessed: March 17, 2008
^ Brookter, Carolyn. "Target receives National Energy-efficiency award; EPA Partnerships Signify Commitment to Environment and Communities Archived May 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.." Business Wire. June 4, 1996. Date accessed: April 16, 2008.
^ "Attorney general targets Target". Press-Banner. Scotts Valley, Calif. June 26, 2009. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target penalized for toys with lead paint, AZ Central. August 1, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Target Bears Recall (Photo) "Message Bears" for Valentine's Day Pulled". National Ledger. February 10, 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2010. 
^ Lorenzo B. Cellini; Tycko & Zavareei LLP (April 18, 2014). "Class Action Lawsuit Alleges That Target-Brand Flushable Wipes Are Not Suitable For Flushing And Can Clog Pipes And Damage Sewer And Septic Systems". The National Law Review. Retrieved April 19, 2014. 
^ "Target says data breach up to 110 mn customers Archived January 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.." AFP. Retrieved on December 27, 2013.
^ "Target confirms encrypted PIN data stolen." USA Today. Retrieved on May 23, 2015.
^ "Target: Breach affected millions more customers" Yahoo! Finance. Retrieved on May 22, 2015.
^ Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery (March 19, 2015). "Target will pay hack victims $10 million". CNNMoney. 
^ "Target Data Breach Settlement With Banks Gets Final OK". Bloomberg BNA/Bloomberg Law. Retrieved May 21, 2016. 
^ "10 Things You Didn’t Know about Target". Retrieved February 13, 2017.  ("Sure, 96 percent of people may recognize the Target Bullseye logo,")
^ "Community of Grand Forks". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on December 19, 2007. Retrieved June 11, 2007. 
^ "Corporate Fact Card" (PDF). Target Corporation. October 10, 2007. 
^ "Value For Money Is Back – Target Does Marketing Right". Marketing Doctor Blog. October 23, 2008. Archived from the original on January 12, 2009. 
^ "Target to emphasize value, add perishables". Market Watch. October 23, 2008. 
^ "Earnings Preview – Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)". iStockAnalyst. November 15, 2008. 
^ "Target on roof top in Rosemont, IL". Google Maps. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ "Cheers, grumbles for Target no guns request". USA Today. 
^ Corporate Responsibility Report (PDF) Archived July 16, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation, January 31, 2006.
^ davek70s (September 1, 2011). "Target 1970". YouTube. Retrieved November 29, 2016. 
^ Mui, Ylan Q. (June 20, 2006). "Where "Target" Will Always Be "Tar-Zhay"". The Washington Post. 
^ "Gabrielle Union Demonstrating New Targét Couture Line at Brand's Launch Day". celebutopia.net. 
^ a b c Is Target making a Graves mistake? Archived March 12, 2007, at the Wayback Machine., Discount Store News, February 8, 1999.
^ US patent application 20030214129: Medication packaging and labeling system, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Best Inventions 2005: Healthy Options, Time, November 21, 2005.
^ Target Gets Exclusive New GBA Color!, Nintendo World Report, Billy Berghammer, November 25, 2002.
^ Target welcomes indies Archived April 24, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., BNET, July 2006.
^ "Target takes gender-neutral approach with new kids home brand". Star-Tribune. Retrieved February 8, 2006. 
^ Target Corporation’s Third Quarter Earnings Release conference call, Securities Information from the SEC EDGAR database, November 11, 2004.
^ "About GiftCards: GiftCards". Target. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target's Bioplastic Gift Card, treehugger, January 31, 2006.
^ US design patent D505,450: Credit or stored value card with wood layer, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ U.S. Patent 7,004,398: Stored-value card with edible product, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Office of the Arizona Attorney General (2006). Target Corporation Assets Protection (PDF). 
^ "Retailer Target Branches Out Into Police Work". The Washington Post. January 29, 2006. 
^ "Target sets sights on hard-to-crack cases". CNN. February 9, 2006. 
^ "McDonald's Cruelty: The Rotten Truth About Egg McMuffins". Mercy For Animals. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ "ABC News Investigation: What's In Your Breakfast". ABC News Good Morning America. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's - Friday, November 18, 2011". ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Galli, Cindy. "McDonald's, Target Dump Egg Supplier After Investigation". ABC News 20/20. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Ford, Dana. "McDonald's, Target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report". CNN. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ Hughlett, Mike. "McDonald's, Target fire Minnesota egg company". Star Tribune. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's Drops Large McMuffin Egg Supplier". ABC News. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "Target stores switching to cage-free eggs by 2025". Chicago Sun-Times. January 20, 2016. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 27, 2016). "Target Steps Out in Front of Bathroom Choice Debate". The New York Times. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "More than 700,000 pledge to boycott Target over transgender bathroom policy". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ Wahba, Phil (April 28, 2016). "Nearly 1 Million Sign Pledge to Boycott Target Over Bathroom Policy". Fortune. Retrieved May 2, 2016. 
^ "Target brand perception falls, but it's not 'catastrophic'". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ "Target Says Boycotts Over Bathroom Policy Not Hurting Sales". Fortune. May 18, 2016. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ a b "Target's Transgender-Friendly Bathroom Policy Is Costing It $20 Million". Fortune. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hayley Peterson (April 6, 2017). "The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided". Yahoo! News. Business Insider. 
^ "Target Fireworks Show". 2011 Minneapolis Aquatennial. July 23, 2011. Archived from the original on January 21, 2013. 
^ "A Very Confetti New Year's". TIME. January 2, 2007. 
^ Ryan, Nate (October 1, 2013). "Kyle Larson to make Sprint Cup debut at Charlotte". USA Today. Retrieved October 14, 2013. 
^ "Target Ganassi Racing Sponsors". Chip Ganassi Racing. Archived from the original on March 25, 2013. 
^ "Franchitti Savors Sweet Second Indianapolis 500 Victory". Indianapolis Motor Speedway. May 30, 2010. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Cavin, Curt (August 22, 2016). "Going Off Target". Autoweek: 42–44. 


Bibliography[edit]

Leebrick, Kristal (2013). Dayton's: A Twin Cities Institution.
Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-Eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-25067-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Target Corporation.



Official website retailing website

Target Corporation corporate website
Target International Shopping Page
The Associated Merchandising Corporation





Business data for Target Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Growth of Target, 1962–2008
Political contributions and lobbying from the National Institute on Money in State Politics







v
t
e


Target Corporation



Current assets



Target
SuperTarget
Flexible format Target





Former assets



B. Dalton
Dayton's
Diamond's
Hudson's
John A. Brown
Lipman's
Lechmere
Marshall Field's
Mervyn's
Target Canada





Brands



Design For All
Go International
Mossimo





Key people



George Dayton
John Geisse
Douglas Dayton
Bob Ulrich
Gregg Steinhafel
Brian Cornell





Related



Bullseye
History
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.
Target Plaza South












v
t
e


Marshall Field's



Parent companies



Batus Inc.
Dayton-Hudson/Target Corporation
The May Department Stores Company
Federated Department Stores/Macy's Inc.





Associated stores



Frederick & Nelson
The Crescent
Ivey's





Store conversions



Dayton's
Hudson's





Related



Marshall Field
Marshall Field's Wholesale Store
Marshall Field and Company Building
Marshall Field and Company Store
Frango












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Supermarket chains in the United States



Kroger



Baker's Supermarkets
City Market
Dillons
Food 4 Less

Foods Co.


Fred Meyer
Fry's Food & Drug
Gerbes Super Markets
Harris Teeter
Jay C
King Soopers
Kroger
Owen's
Pay Less Super Markets
QFC
Ralphs
Roundy's (Pick 'n Save, Mariano's, Metro Market, Copp's)
Ruler Foods
Scott's
Smith's





Albertsons



Acme Markets
Albertsons
Amigos
Carrs
Haggen
Jewel-Osco
Lucky
Market Street
Pavilions
Randalls
Safeway
Shaw's and Star Market
Super Saver
Tom Thumb
United Supermarkets
Vons





SuperValu



County Market
Cub
Farm Fresh
Hornbacher's
Shop 'n Save
Shoppers





Ahold Delhaize



Food Lion
Giant-Carlisle
Giant-Landover
Hannaford Brothers Company
Martin's Food Markets
Stop & Shop





Southeastern Grocers



BI-LO
Fresco y Más
Harveys Supermarkets
Winn-Dixie





Wakefern



PriceRite
ShopRite
The Fresh Grocer





Other national chains



Target
Walmart





Regional chains





Asian




GW Supermarket
H Mart
Hong Kong Supermarket
Island Pacific Supermarket
Lion Supermarket
Marina Food
Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
Mitsuwa Marketplace
Nijiya Market
Seafood City
Shun Fat Supermarket
Tawa

99 Ranch Market
168 Market


Uwajimaya






Hispanic




Bravo
El Ahorro Supermarket
Fiesta Foods
Fiesta Mart
La Perla Tapatía Supermarkets
Más Club
Mi Pueblo Food Center
Supermercados Teloloapan
Vallarta Supermarkets






Organic




Earth Fare
Natural Grocers
Sprouts Farmers Market
Trader Joe's
Whole Foods Market






Wholesale




BJ's Wholesale Club
Cash & Carry
Costco
Sam's Club






Conventional




Acme Fresh Market
Aldi
Amigo
Balducci's
Bashas'
Best Market
Big Y
Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
Bristol Farms
Brookshire Brothers
Brookshire Grocery Company
Buehler Food Markets Inc.
C-Town Supermarkets
Central Market
D&W Fresh Market
Dave's Markets
Dean & DeLuca
DeMoulas Market Basket
Dierbergs Markets
Don Quijote

Times Supermarkets


Dorothy Lane Market
Easy-Way Store
Econofoods
Family Fare
Fairway Market
Fareway
Festival Foods
Festival Foods (Minnesota)
Food Giant
Food City
Foodarama
FoodLand
Foodtown

Pathmark


Gelson's
Gerland Corporation
Giant Eagle
Grand Mart
Gristedes
Grocery Outlet
Harmons
Harps Food Stores
H-E-B
Heinen's Fine Foods
Highland Park Market
Homeland
Houchens
Hugo's
Hy-Vee
IGA
Ingles
Inserra Supermarkets
Jerry's Foods
Jungle Jim's International Market
Karns Quality Foods
Key Food

Super Fresh
The Food Emporium


King Kullen
Kings Super Markets
Kuhn's Quality Foods
Lewis Food Town
Lidl
Lowe's Market
Lowes Foods
Lund Food Holdings
Magruder's
Marc's
Market Basket
Market of Choice
Marsh Supermarkets
Martin's Super Markets
Meijer
Met Foods
Miracle Mart
Mollie Stone's Markets
Morton Williams
New Seasons Market
Niemann Foods
No Frills Supermarkets
Nugget Markets
PCC Natural Markets
Petrini's
Piggly Wiggly
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
Pink Dot
Price Chopper / Price Mart
Price Chopper Supermarkets
Publix
Pueblo
Raley's Supermarkets
Red Owl
Redner's Markets
Remke Markets
Rice Epicurean Markets
Ridley's Family Markets
Roche Bros.
Rosauers Supermarkets
Rouses
Russ's Market
Save-A-Lot
Save Mart Supermarkets
SaveRite
Schnucks
Scolari's Food and Drug
Seafood City
Sedano's
Sellers Bros.
Sendik's Food Market
Sentry Foods
Seven Mile Market
Shop 'n Save
Smart & Final
SpartanNash
Stanley Stores
Star Market
Stater Bros.
Stew Leonard's
Strack & Van Til
Straub's Markets
Sullivan Family of Companies

Foodland Hawaii


Supermercados Econo
Supermercados Selectos
Super Dollar Discount Foods
Super One Foods
Super Saver Foods (B&R Stores)
The Fresh Market
Tops Friendly Markets
United Grocery Outlet
URM Stores
Valu King
Victory Supermarkets
Village Market Food Center
Weaver Street Market
Wegmans
Weis Markets
Westborn Market
Western Beef
WinCo Foods
Woodman's Markets
Yoke's Fresh Market
Zabar's
Zupan's Markets








Defunct banners



A-Mart
A&P

Food Basics
Pathmark
Waldbaum's


ABCO Foods
Alpha Beta
Andronico's
AppleTree Markets
Belle Foods
Big Bear Stores
Big Star Markets
Bloom
Bottom Dollar Food
Bruno's
Buttrey Food & Drug
Byrd's
Carter's Foods
Chatham
Clemens Markets
Colonial Stores
Dahl's Foods
Daniel Reeves Stores
David's Supermarkets
Davis Food City
Delchamps
Deskins
Dick's Supermarket
Dominick's
Eagle Food Centers
Eberhard's
Eisner Food Stores
Farmer Jack
Felpausch
Finast
Fisher Foods
Food Fair
Food World
Food-a-rama
Fresh & Easy
Furr's
Genuardi's
Giant Open Air
Glen's Markets
Grand Union
Hamady Brothers
Henry's Farmers Market
Hills Supermarkets
Hinky Dinky
Jitney Jungle
Johnnie's Foodmaster
Kessel Food Markets
Laneco
Marketside
Mars
Minyard Food Stores
National Supermarkets
National Tea
Omni Superstore
Penn Fruit
Penn Traffic
Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets
Plus
Purity Supreme
Quality Markets
QFI
Red Food
Reid's
Schaffer Stores Company
Seaway Food Town
Seessel's
Simon David
Skaggs Companies
Southern Family Markets
Sunflower Farmers Market
Sunflower Market
Super Duper
Sweetbay Supermarket
Tidyman's
Twin Valu
Ukrop's Super Markets
Warehouse Economy Outlet
Weingarten's
Wild Oats Markets
Xpect Discounts








List of supermarket chains in the United States









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140993075
ISNI: 0000 0004 0437 6013










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Target_Corporation&oldid=791973527"					
Categories: Target CorporationCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies established in 1902Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies of the United States1902 establishments in MinnesotaSuperstores in the United StatesDiscount stores of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1962Pharmacies of the United StatesHealth care companies based in MinnesotaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from April 2017Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from February 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from June 2007Articles with a promotional tone from April 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from October 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011Articles with unsourced statements from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from April 2017Articles needing additional references from December 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesiaಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 17:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Target Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Target Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Target Corp)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the defunct Canadian subsidiary, see Target Canada. For the separate Australian company, see Target Australia.

Target Corporation





Target Corporation headquarters in Minneapolis




Formerly called

Goodfellow Dry Goods
(1902–1962)



Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: TGT
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Retail


Founded
June 24, 1902; 115 years ago (1902-06-24)


Founder
George Dayton


Headquarters
Target Plaza North
Target Plaza South
1000 Nicollet Mall, 
Minneapolis, Minnesota, U.S.



Number of locations

1,802 stores[1] (2016)



Area served

United States (except Vermont)



Key people

Brian Cornell
(Chairman and CEO)
John Mulligan
(EVP and COO)


Products
Beauty and health products; bedding; clothing and accessories; electronics; food; furniture; housewares; jewelry; gardening supplies; pet supplies; shoes; sporting goods; toys/games; small appliances; Office Supplies; Books


Revenue
 US$69.495 billion[2] (2016)



Operating income

 US$4.969 billion[2] (2016)



Net income

 US$2.737 billion[2] (2016)


Total assets
 US$37.431 billion[2] (2016)


Total equity
 US$10.953 billion[2] (2016)



Number of employees

341,000 (2016)


Subsidiaries



Financial and Retail Services
Target Sourcing Services





Website



www.target.com
corporate.target.com





Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.
Target established itself as the highest-earning division of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation in the 1970s; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry.[3] The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Canadian subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States.
As of 2017, Target operates 1,806[1] stores throughout the United States. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "flexible format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding. Target is often recognized for its emphasis on "the needs of its younger, image-conscious shoppers," whereas its rival Walmart more heavily relies on its strategy of "always low prices."[4]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Early history
1.2 1960s and 1970s
1.3 1980s and 1990s
1.4 2000s and 2010s


2 Store formats

2.1 Target
2.2 SuperTarget
2.3 Flexible format Target


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 Financial and Retail Services
3.2 Target Sourcing Services
3.3 Private label brands
3.4 Website


4 Distribution centers
5 Corporate affairs

5.1 Headquarters
5.2 Diversity
5.3 Philanthropy
5.4 Environmental record
5.5 Customer privacy


6 Corporate identity

6.1 Logo
6.2 Differentiation from competitors
6.3 Targét
6.4 Nomenclature
6.5 Product lines and partnerships
6.6 Gift cards


7 Target Forensic Services
8 Criticism and controversy

8.1 Animal welfare concerns
8.2 "Bathroom policy" and boycott


9 Major sponsorships

9.1 Events
9.2 Sports

9.2.1 Chip Ganassi Racing


9.3 Minnesota United FC

9.3.1 Naming rights


9.4 Radio


10 See also
11 References
12 Bibliography
13 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of Target Corporation
Early history[edit]




Dayton's Department Store in 1903


The Westminster Presbyterian Church from downtown Minneapolis burned down during the Panic of 1893. Without insurance coverage to cover the financial loss, the congregation found itself unable to rebuild. The church appealed to parishioner George Dayton to purchase an empty corner lot adjacent to the original church in its possession; funds raised from the property's sale allowed the church to rebuild and Dayton constructed a six-story building on his newly purchased property.[5]
Dayton convinced the Reuben Simon Goodfellow Company to move its nearby Goodfellows department store into the newly erected building in 1902, although its owner retired altogether and sold his interest in the store to Dayton.[6] The store was renamed the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1903, and was shortened to the Dayton Company in 1910.[5] The company made its first expansion with the acquisition of the Minneapolis-based jeweler J.B. Hudson & Son right before the Wall Street Crash of 1929; its jewelry store operated in a net loss during the Great Depression, but its department store weathered the economic crisis. Dayton died in 1938 and was succeeded by his son Nelson as the president of the $14 million business.[5] Nelson died in 1950 and was replaced by his own son Donald, who with his cousins replaced the Presbyterian guidelines set by his predecessors with a more secular approach. The company acquired the Lipman's department store company during the 1950s and operated it as a separate division.[7]
1960s and 1970s[edit]
John F. Geisse developed the concept of upscale discount retailing while working for the Dayton Company. Using his concepts, the company opened its first Target discount store at 1515 West County Road B in the Saint Paul suburb of Roseville, Minnesota; Douglas Dayton was its first president. The name "Target" originated from publicity director Stewart K. Widdess, and was intended to prevent consumers from associating the discount store with the department store. It opened three additional units in the first year, and reported its first gain in 1965 with sales reaching $39 million. Later that decade, B. Dalton Bookseller was formed as a subsidiary of the Dayton Company.[6] The parent company acquired the jewelers Shreve & Co. and J.E. Caldwell, the Pickwick Book Shops, and the electronics and appliances chain Lechmere.[5] It also went public with its first offering of common stock,[5] and built its first distribution center in Fridley, Minnesota.[8] In 1969, the Dayton Company itself merged with the Detroit-based J.L. Hudson Company, and together formed the Dayton-Hudson Corporation. The new company, at the time the 14th-largest retailer in the United States, consisted of Target and the department stores Dayton's, Diamond's, Hudson's, John A. Brown, and Lipman's.[5]
Target reached $200 million in sales while Dayton-Hudson acquired Team Electronics and the jewelers C.D. Peacock, Inc. and Jessop and Sons in the 1970s.[5][9] Target reported a decrease in profits in 1972, due to the rapid pace of expansion with the purchase and conversion of several former Arlan's department store locations. New management marked down merchandise to reduce its overstock and only opened one new location that year, Target consequently became Dayton-Hudson's top revenue producer in 1975. Dayton-Hudson was established as the seventh-largest general merchandise retailer in the United States with its acquisition of Mervyn's in 1978.[5]
1980s and 1990s[edit]
Dayton-Hudson sold Lipman's to Marshall Field's (which rebranded them as Frederick & Nelson) and acquired the discount store chain Ayr-Way in 1980,[7] and expanded into the West Coast market with the purchase and conversion of several FedMart stores in 1982.[10] It sold the Dayton-Hudson Jewelers subsidiary to Henry Birks & Sons of Montreal.[5] The company founded the Plums off-price clothing store with four locations in the Los Angeles area in 1983; the following year, it sold the chain to Ross Stores and sold the Diamond's and John A. Brown department stores to Dillard's.[11][12][13] Target was established as the dominant retailer in southern California after purchasing fifty Gemco stores in the state in 1986; that year, Dayton-Hudson sold B. Dalton Bookseller to Barnes & Noble.[6] The acquisition of several Gold Circle and Richway stores assisted its expansion into northwestern and southeastern United States.[10] Later that year, Dayton-Hudson sold Lechmere to a group of investors (including Berkshire Partners).[8]




The exterior of a former Target Greatland store in Laredo, Texas


In 1990, Dayton-Hudson acquired Marshall Field's and opened its first Target Greatland store in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It started the Everyday Hero clothing specialty store with two locations in Minneapolis in 1992,[10] although they were closed in 1997.[14] In 1993, the company created a chain of four closeout stores called Smarts for liquidating clearance merchandise, which was shuttered in 1996.[15] In 1995, the first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska and the Target Guest Card, the discount retail industry's first store credit card, was launched.[5] J. C. Penney offered to buy out Dayton-Hudson for $6.82 billion in 1996, an offer that most analysts had considered as insufficiently valuing the company.[5][16] Target remained the company's main area of growth while the department store subsidiaries underperformed.[17] The middle scale Mervyn's department store chain consisted of 300 units in 16 states, while the upscale department stores division operated 26 Marshall Field's, 22 Hudson's, and 19 Dayton's stores.[5] In an effort to turn the departments around, Mervyn's and Marshall Field's closed several locations.[5]
Dayton-Hudson acquired Greenspring Company's multi-catalog direct marketing unit Rivertown Trading Company and the apparel supplier Associated Merchandising Corporation in 1998.[18][19] In 1999, Dayton-Hudson acquired Fedco in order to expand its SuperTarget operation into southern California.[17][20] Revenue for Dayton-Hudson increased to $33.7 billion, and net income reached $1.14 billion, passing $1 billion for the first time and nearly tripling the 1996 profits of $463 million. On September 7, 1999, Dayton-Hudson launched Target.com website as an e-commerce site as part of its discount retail division.[21]
2000s and 2010s[edit]
In January 2000, Dayton-Hudson was renamed the Target Corporation; between 75 and 80 percent of Dayton-Hudson's sales and earnings were coming from Target while the department stores were used to fuel its growth. It also separated its e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combined it with Rivertown Trading into a standalone subsidiary called target.direct.[22] The following year, the Dayton's and Hudson's stores were rebranded under the Marshall Field's name.[5][17][23] The company sold Marshall Field's to May Department Stores in June 2004 and sold Mervyn's to an investment consortium including Sun Capital Partners, Cerberus Capital Management, and Lubert-Adler/Klaff and Partners, L.P that September. In 2005, Target began operation in Bangalore, India.[24] In 2006, Target completed construction of the Robert J. Ulrich Center in Embassy Golf Links in Bangalore, and Target planned to continue its expansion into India with the construction of additional office space at the Mysore Corporate Campus and successfully opened a branch at Mysore.[24][25]
On January 13, 2011, Target announced its first ever international expansion, into Canada, when it purchased the leaseholds for up to 220 stores of the Canadian sale chain Zellers, owned by the Hudson's Bay Company. The deal was announced to have been made for $1.8 billion. Target opened its first Canadian stores in March 2013, and at its peak, Target Canada had 133 stores. However, the expansion into Canada was beset with problems, including supply chain issues that resulted in stores with aisles of empty shelves and higher than expected retail prices. Target Canada racked up losses of $2.1 billion in its short life, and the store's botched expansion was characterized by the Canadian and US media as a "spectacular failure",[26] "an unmitigated disaster",[27][28] and "a gold standard case study in what retailers should not do when they enter a new market."[29] On January 15, 2015, Target announced that all 133 of its Canadian outlets would be closed and liquidated by the end of 2015.[30] The last Target Canada stores closed on April 12, 2015, far ahead of the initial schedule.[28]
Store formats[edit]
Target[edit]




The exterior of a typical Target store in Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target discount store opened in Roseville, Minnesota on May 1, 1962.[31] Present-day properties are roughly 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2) and sell general merchandise including hardlines and softlines.[32] While many Target stores follow a standard big-box architectural style,[33] the company has focused on "customizing each new store to ensure a locally-relevant experience [...] that best fit the surrounding neighborhood’s needs" since August 2006.[34] Initially, only SuperTarget locations operated Starbucks Coffee counters, although they were integrated into general merchandise stores through their expanded partnership beginning in 2003.[35] Several locations include Target Optical, Target Photo, and Target Pharmacy departments; the latter division was purchased by CVS Health in 2015 and began operating as stores-within-stores under the CVS Pharmacy and MinuteClinic mastheads in February 2016.[36]
Target introduced the "PFresh" store prototype in 2006, which expanded their grocery selection in general merchandise locations by an upwards of 200-percent. Newly constructed stores that follow the PFresh format are roughly 1,500 square feet (140 m2) larger than properties without groceries, although retain the Target branding because their offerings are considerably more limited than SuperTarget. The company remodeled 109 stores accordingly in 2006 and renovated another 350 stores the following year.[37] The company's decision to close their garden centers opened floor space for PFresh expansion and larger seasonal departments beginning in 2010.[38]
SuperTarget[edit]




The exterior of a typical SuperTarget in Northlake Mall Charlotte, North Carolina


The first Target Greatland location opened in Apple Valley, Minnesota in September 1990. They were about fifty-percent larger than traditional Target stores, and pioneered company standards including an increased number of checkout lanes and price scanners, larger aisles, expanded pharmacy and photography departments, and a food court. Target Greatland locations have since been converted to stores following the PFresh format beginning in 2009.[39]
The first SuperTarget hypermarket opened in Omaha, Nebraska in 1995, and expanded upon the Target Greatland concept with the inclusion of a full grocery department.[31] The company expanded their grocery assortment in 2003 and adopted the modified tagline "Eat Well. Pay Less." (in reference to their tagline "Expect More. Pay Less.") in 2004.[31][40] In the early 2000s, 43 locations (of nearly 100) featured E-Trade trading stations, although they were all closed by June 2003 after E-Trade determined that "we were not able to make it into a profitable distribution channel."[41]
When comparing itself with rival Walmart Supercenter hypermarkets, then-chief executive Gregg Steinhafel opined that Walmart operates like "a grocer that happens to also sell general merchandise," where in contrast its less aggressive expansion of SuperTarget stores is indicative of their position that the grocery industry as a "high-impact, low-cost" side project.[40] The company operates 239 SuperTarget locations as of September 2015;[42] they each encompass an estimate of 174,000 square feet (16,200 m2).[43]
Flexible format Target[edit]




The exterior of the CityTarget in Boston, Massachusetts, now re-branded as Target


While typical Target locations are approximately 135,000 square feet (12,500 m2), the majority of "flexible format" CityTarget stores are roughly 80,000 square feet (7,400 m2). The first stores were opened in July 2012, in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle;[32] the 160,000 square feet (15,000 m2) location in Boston is the largest CityTarget and opened in July 2015.[44] TargetExpress stores hover around 14,000 square feet (1,300 m2) to 21,000 square feet (2,000 m2); the first opened in Dinkytown near the University of Minnesota in July 2014.[45] Products in these flexible format properties are typically sold in smaller packages geared towards customers using public transportation. Locations built in college communities often carry an extended home department of apartment and dormitory furnishings.[46] In August 2015, Target announced that it would rename its nine CityTarget and five TargetExpress stores as Target beginning that October, deciding that "Big or small, our stores have one thing in common: they're all Target."[44] The first flexible format stores under the unified naming scheme opened later that month in Chicago, Rosslyn, San Diego, and San Francisco.[47] The company opened a 45,000 square foot store in the Tribeca neighborhood of New York in October 2016. Three other similar sized stores will open in Philadelphia, Cupertino and the area around Penn State University in October 2016.[3]
Nearly all of its planned openings through 2019 are small formats, which is less than 50,000 square feet.[3] The goal of these smaller format stores is to win over the business of millennial customers. The nearly 30 new locations will be situated in college towns or densely populated areas.[3]
Subsidiaries[edit]
Financial and Retail Services[edit]







Financial and Retail Services (FRS) formerly Target Financial Services (TFS): issues Target's credit cards, known as the Target REDcard (formerly the Target Guest Card), issued through Target National Bank (formerly Retailers National Bank) for consumers and through Target Bank for businesses. Target Financial Services also oversees GiftCard balances. Target launched its PIN-x debit card, the Target Check Card, which was later re-branded the Target Debit Card. The Target Debit Card withdraws funds from the customer's existing checking account, and allows for up to $40 "cash back". The debit card allows guests to save five percent of each purchase.
Target Sourcing Services[edit]
Target Sourcing Services (TSS): This global sourcing organization locates merchandise from around the world for Target and helps import the merchandise to the United States. Such merchandise includes garments, furniture, bedding, and towels. TSS has 27 full-service offices, 48 quality-control offices, and seven concessionaires located throughout the world. TSS employs 1,200 people. Its engineers are responsible for evaluating the factories that do business with Target Corporation for quality, as well as labor rights and transshipment issues.[48] TSS was acquired by Target Corporation in 1998, was founded in 1916 as the Associated Merchandising Corporation, and was previously owned by the clients it served.[citation needed] Target Sourcing Services ceased operations in its department store group, the division of the former Associated Merchandising Corporation that acted as a buying office for Saks, Inc., Bloomingdale's, Stage Stores Inc., T.J.Maxx, and Marshalls.[19]
Private label brands[edit]
Target Brands is the company's brand management division that oversees the company's private label products. In addition, Bullseye Dog is a mascot, and the Bullseye Design and 'Target' are registered trademarks of Target Brands.

Archer Farms,
Market Pantry, grocery products.
Simply Balanced;
Sutton & Dodge, a premium meat line;
Embark, an outdoor gear line of camping equipment;
Room Essentials, a low-end home goods line;
Boots & Barkley, a pet food and supply line;
Merona, a clothing brand purchased by Target in 1991;
Mossimo Supply Co., a clothing line. In partnership with brand owner Iconix Brand Group.
Threshold, a premium furniture line.
up & up. Target issued a re-launch of the Target brand as up&up to include an expanded product selection and a new design. The up & up brand offers essential commodities including household, healthcare, beauty, baby, and personal care products. The brand claims to offer products of equal quality to national brands at a fraction of the cost, averaging a savings of 30 percent.

[49] As of September 2009, up & up offers over 800 products across 40 categories.[50]
Other private labels include two recently released brands,

Pillowfort, a children's line of bedding and
Cat and Jack, a children's line of apparel and accessories.

The new brands were launched in July 2016, during Back to School sales. After the launch, the clothing and bedding brand made a big hit and was successful. Target executives claim that the new brands increased sales by $1 billion and increased 15% in revenue, only during their first year.[51]
Website[edit]

Target.com



Screenshot 






Type of site

E-commerce


Website
target.com


Alexa rank
 324 global,  94 in the United States (February 2017[update])[52]


Commercial
Yes


Registration
Optional


Launched
August 2011; 5 years ago (2011-08)


Current status
Online


Target.com owns and oversees the company's e-commerce initiatives, such as the Target.com domain. Founded in early 2000 as target.direct, it was formed by separating the company's existing e-commerce operations from its retailing division and combining it with its Rivertown Trading direct marketing unit into a stand-alone subsidiary.[22] In 2002, target.direct and Amazon.com's subsidiary Amazon Enterprise Solutions created a partnership in which Amazon.com would provide order fulfillment and guest services for Target.com in exchange for fixed and variable fees. After the company sold Marshall Field's and Mervyn's in 2004, target.direct became Target.com. The domain target.com attracted at least 288 million visitors annually by 2008, according to a Compete.com survey.[53] In August 2009, Target announced that they would build and manage a new Target.com platform, independent of Amazon.com. This new platform was to launch in 2011, in advance of the holiday season. Prior to the announcement, Target and Amazon had extended their partnership until 2011.[54] In January 2010, Target announced their vendor partners for the re-platforming project. These partners include Sapient, IBM, Oracle, Endeca, Autonomy, Sterling Commerce and Huge, among others.[55] The re-platformed Target.com officially launched on August 23, 2011, effectively ending the partnership with Amazon.com.[56]
Distribution centers[edit]
As of May 2016[update], Target Corporation operates 38 distribution centers across the United States.[57] Target opened three new distribution centers in 2006 (Rialto, California, DeKalb, Illinois) and one in 2009 (Newton, North Carolina) to support the growth of its stores. With the exception of vendor supplied items, such as greeting cards and soda, these distribution centers ship items directly to Target stores. Also, unlike Walmart, Target's grocery selection does not come from their own distribution centers, but from the companies with whom Target has partnered.[6]
The retail chain's first distribution center opened in Fridley, Minnesota, in 1969. It included a computerized distribution system and was known as the Northern Distribution Center. During this time, the chain consisted of seventeen stores after having expanded into Oklahoma and Texas.[58]
On August 9, 2004, Target announced to their suppliers that they were going to perform a trial on the effects of radio-frequency identification on the efficiency of supply chain management in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex. This trial involved one Target distribution center and ten nearby Target stores. Here, RFID tags would be placed on the bar codes of pallets and cartons to track the goods from the suppliers to the distribution center, and from the distribution center to the stores.[59] As of 2009, RFID had been phased out of the Dallas–Fort Worth stores.
On January 27, 2009, Target announced the closing of its distribution center in Maumelle, Arkansas, the second-oldest in the company. The reason cited was the need to ensure that Target remains competitive in the long-term.[60]
SuperTarget and PFresh stores require fresh produce, refrigerated and frozen items. Food distribution centers owned by SuperValu have been utilized by Target for many years. In October 2003, SuperValu's facility in Phoenix, Arizona, was converted to serve Target exclusively.[61] The same change was implemented at the SuperValu center in Fort Worth, Texas.[62] A new distribution center was constructed by Target in Lake City, Florida, to serve the Southeast, but it is operated by SuperValu.[61] A fourth center in Cedar Falls, Iowa, opened in 2009 and is unique in that it is located adjacent to a standard Target Distribution Center, each utilizing the same dispatch office.[62] Other warehouses owned by SuperValu are still used in other regions, but Target plans to replace those over the next few years.[61] In Colorado, stores are serviced through FreshPack Produce Inc. of Denver.[6] In the mid-Atlantic region/Philadelphia market, C&S Wholesale Grocers services the fresh produce, meat, dairy, bakery, & frozen needs to "PFresh" stores.
The company operates four facilities to receive shipments from overseas manufacturers and suppliers. They are located near ports at Rialto, California; Savannah, Georgia; Lacey, Washington; and Suffolk, Virginia. Merchandise received is sent directly to Regional Distribution Centers. Internet sales orders from the Target Direct division, which operates from the Target.com website, are processed by the facility in Woodbury, Minnesota, with some support from Savannah, Georgia, and other vendors. New centers opened in Ontario, California, and Tucson, Arizona, in 2009.[62]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Headquarters[edit]




Target Plaza South, a portion of the Target Corporation headquarters complex in downtown Minneapolis; the building originally featured the Target Light System, created by using 3M light pipes[63] but was replaced by more energy-efficient LEDs in 2011.[64]


Target Corporation has its headquarters on Nicollet Mall in Minneapolis,[65] near the site of the original Goodfellows store.[citation needed] The complex includes Target Plaza North and Target Plaza South. Ryan Companies developed the complex, and Ellerbe Becket served as the architect. Target had the approximately $260-million complex developed to provide one location of office space for 6,000 employees. The 14-story Target Plaza North has 600,000 square feet (56,000 m2) of office and retail space while the 32-story Target Plaza South has 1,250,000 square feet (116,000 m2) of space.[66]
Brian Cornell is the CEO of Target Corporation. In January 2016, Cornell began making home visits in an effort to understand better the needs and desires of his customers.[67] In January 2016, Target fired Tina Tyler from her job as chief stores officer. She was replaced with long-time employee Janna Potts.[68]
Diversity[edit]
The company states that "individuality may include a wide spectrum of attributes such as personal style, age, race, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, language, physical ability, religion, family, citizenship status, socio-economic circumstances, education, and life experiences."[69]
The Target employee diversity initiative is called "All Together Target".[70] It specifically seeks to work with vendors and contractors that are owned by minorities or women.[71]
In February 2012, the company extended the team member discount to same-sex partners of employees. It had received a 100 on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Score, prior to donating funds to Minnesota Forward.[72]
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has repeatedly given Target failing grades on its annual Economic Reciprocity Initiative report card, a measure of the company's "commitment to the African-American citizenry". In 2003 and 2005, the NAACP has rated Target an "F" on this report; in 2004, Target was rated a "D-".[73][74][75] In 2006, when Target was asked why it didn't participate in the survey again,[76] a representative explained, "Target views diversity as being inclusive of all people from all different backgrounds, not just one group."[77]
In February 2006, the National Federation of the Blind (NFB) filed a class action discrimination lawsuit in Northern California's Alameda County Superior Court, claiming that Target's commercial website contains "thousands of access barriers that make it difficult, if not impossible, for blind customers to use."[78] Target Corporation settled the lawsuit in October 2008, paying $6 million and agreeing to work with the NFB over the next three years improving the usability of the Target.com site.[79] August 24, 2009, the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filed a discrimination lawsuit against Target Corporation for unlawfully denying reasonable accommodation to an employee with multiple disability-based impairments and substantially reducing his work hours due to the medical conditions.[80] According to the claims in the EEOC press release, Target's actions violated Title I of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA) and Title I of the Civil Rights Act of 1991.[81]
Philanthropy[edit]
Target Corporation is consistently ranked as one of the most philanthropic companies in the US. It ranked No. 22 in Fortune magazine's "World's Most Admired Companies" for 2010, largely in part to the donation efforts of the company as a whole.[82] According to a November 2005 Forbes article, it ranked as the highest cash-giving company in America in percentage of income given (2.1%).[83] Target donates around 5 percent of its pre-tax operating profit; it gives over $3 million a week (up from $2 million in years prior) to the communities in which it operates. It also gives a percentage of charges from its Target Visa to schools designated by the cardholders. To date, Target has given over $150 million to schools across the United States through this program.
Further evidence of Target's philanthropy can be found in the Target House complex in Memphis, Tennessee, a long-term housing solution for families of patients at the city's St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. The corporation led the way with more than $27 million in donations, which made available 96 fully furnished apartments for families needing to stay at St. Jude over 90 days.
Target has a no-solicitation rule at its properties, as it seeks to provide a "distraction-free shopping experience for its guests." Exemptions to this policy were previously made for the Salvation Army red kettles and bell-ringers outside Target stores during the holidays through Christmas. In 2004, however, Target asked the organization to explore alternate methods to partner with Target. Target donates to local Salvation Army chapters through its grant program and annually to the United Way of America (the Salvation Army is a member of the United Way coalition).
In 2005, Target and the Salvation Army[84] created a joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Wish List", where online shoppers could donate goods to the organization for hurricane victims by buying them directly from Target.com between November 25, 2005, and January 25, 2006. In 2006, they created another joint effort called "The Target/Salvation Army Angel Giving Tree",[85] which is an online version of the Salvation Army's Angel Tree program;[86] in addition to donating proceeds made from the sales of limited edition Harvey Lewis angel ornaments within Target's stores. During the Thanksgiving holiday of 2006, Target and the Salvation Army partnered with magician David Blaine to send several families on a shopping spree the morning of Black Friday. The challenge held that if Blaine could successfully work his way out of a spinning gyroscope by the morning of Black Friday, then several families would receive $500 shopping certificates. The challenge was completed successfully by Blaine.[87]
During disasters, Target has been a major benefactor for relief efforts. Target provided monetary and product donations during the September 11 attacks; it also donated money for relief efforts for the 2004 tsunami in South Asia and donated $1.5 million (US) to the American Red Cross in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It also allowed its store properties in the affected area to be used as command centers for relief organizations and donated supplies such as water and bug spray.
Target will often donate its unused, returned or seasonal merchandise (particularly clothing) to Goodwill Industries.
Environmental record[edit]
In 2007, Target Corporation agreed to reduce their sales on all materials containing polyvinyl chloride (PVC).[88] Testers found toxic lead and phthalates and large amounts of PVC in toys, lunchboxes, baby bibs, jewelry, garden hoses, mini blinds, Christmas trees, and electronics.[88] Several studies have shown that chemicals in vinyl chloride can cause serious health problems for children and adults.[88] The University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago states that people who use products containing PVC can become exposed with harmful toxic phthalates and lead, which eventually can become a big contributor with dioxins.[88] Lois Gibbs, executive director of the Center for Health, Environment, and Justice, stated, "Target is doing the right thing by moving away from PVC and switching to safer alternatives."[88] Other companies reducing the PVC on their shelves include Walmart, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Nike, and Apple.[88] Target stores have been taking environmental measures by reusing materials within their stores and recycling products such as broken hangers, cardboard, and rechargeable batteries.[89] Target is beginning to reduce energy use with energy-efficient storefronts and reducing waste with recycling programs.[90] All Target stores in the United States use plastic carts with metal frames. In mid-2006, Target took it a step further when it began introducing a newer cart design made entirely of plastic. It also uses the same design in its hand-use baskets.[91]
Target released a 13-page report in 2007 that outlined their current and future plans for becoming more earth-friendly according to LEED. Such efforts include installing sand filtration systems for the stores' wastewater. Recycling programs will be aimed at garment hangers, corrugated cardboard, electronics, shopping carts, shrink wrap, construction wastes, carpeting and ceiling tiles and roofing materials. All stores in Oklahoma will be partnered with Oklahoma Gas & Electric to exclusively use wind power for all Target stores in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Stores nationwide use only LED and fluorescent lights and low-flow restrooms that reduce waste water by 30%. Some Target stores are installing roof gardens or green roofs, which absorb storm water and cut down on surface runoff, mitigate temperature fluctuations and provide habitats for birds. There are currently four green-roof Target stores in Chicago.
Target carries over 700 organic and alternative products from brands such as Archer Farms, Burt's Bees, and Method Products. They also sell clothes made from organic cotton, non-toxic cleaners, low-energy lighting and electronics, non-toxic and non-animal tested cosmetics, and furniture made from recycled materials. As of June 2007[update], Target has been offering reusable shopping bags as an alternative to disposable plastic bags. Target gift cards are made from corn-based resins. All of the stores' packaging is done with a modified paperboard/clamshell option and has goals for phasing out plastic wrap completely.[92]
In collaboration with MBH Architects, Target's first "green" building was a 100,000+ square foot Target store built in 1995 in Fullerton, California. It was a part of the EPA Energy Star Showcase for its use of skylights that cut the original energy consumption by 24% with a 5-year payback.[93] Target and MBH Architects were awarded the "Green Lights Partner/Ally of the Year Award".[94]
Target is the only national retailer employing a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. In 2007, this program prevented 434 million hangers from entering landfills.
On June 15, 2009, the California Attorney General and 20 California District Attorneys filed a lawsuit in Alameda County alleging that Target stores across the state have been illegally dumping hazardous wastes in landfills.[95]
On October 1, 2009, Target Corporation agreed to pay a $600,000 civil penalty for importing and selling a variety of toys with lead paint levels that were higher than is legally allowed. The Consumer Products Safety Commission alleged that "Target knowingly imported and sold the illegal Chinese-made toys between May 2006 and August 2007."[96] A similar problem occurred a few months later in February 2010, when Target pulled Valentine's Day "message bears" from its shelves at the request of the California attorney general's office. The bears, which were manufactured in China, contained more lead than is permissible under federal law for children under 12.[97]
A class action suit was filed in 2014 in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio, on behalf of consumers in Ohio that purchased Target-brand wet wipes. The lawsuit filed against Target Corporation alleges the retailer misled consumers by marking the packaging on its up & up® brand wipes as flushable and safe for sewer and septic systems. The lawsuit also alleges that so-called flushable wipes are a public health hazard because they are alleged to clog pumps at municipal waste-treatment facilities.[98]
Customer privacy[edit]
In December 2013, a data breach of Target's systems affected up to 110 million customers.[99][100] Compromised customer information included names, phone numbers, email and mailing addresses.[101] In March 2015, Target reached a class-action settlement with affected consumers for $10 million (plus class-action attorney fees).[102] In May 2016, Target settled with affected banks and credit unions for $39 million (plus class-action attorney fees), of which $19 million would be disbursed by a MasterCard program.[103]
Corporate identity[edit]
Logo[edit]
96% of American consumers recognize the Target Bullseye logo.[104]







Original Target logo (1962–67)









Second Target logo (1968–present)









Third Target logo (1975–2004) "primary", (1975–present) "secondary"









Fourth Target logo (2004–present)









Target Greatland logo (1990–2006)









Original SuperTarget logo (1995–2005)









Second SuperTarget logo (2006–present)









CityTarget logo (2012–15)









TargetExpress logo (2014–15)




Differentiation from competitors[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Target Corporation competes directly against other discount retailers, mainly Kmart and Walmart. Since its founding, it has intended to differentiate its stores from its competitors by offering what it believes is more upscale, trend-forward merchandise at lower costs, rather than the traditional concept of focusing on low-priced goods. Douglas J. Dayton, one of the Dayton brothers, explained John Geisse's concept:


“
"We will offer high-quality merchandise at low margins, because we are cutting expenses. We would much rather do this than trumpet dramatic price cuts on cheap merchandise."[58]
”


As a result, Target stores tend to attract younger customers than Walmart, among other competitors. The median Target shopper is 41, the youngest of all major discount retailers that Target competes directly against. The median household income of Target's customer base is roughly $63,000. Roughly 76% of Target customers are female, and more than 45% have children at home. About 80% have attended college and 48% have completed college.[105][106]
In October 2008, Target announced plans to fight the perception that their products are more expensive than those of other discount retailers. It planned to add perishables to their inventory, cut back on discretionary items, and spend three-quarters of their marketing budget on advertising that emphasizes value and includes actual prices of items featured in ads. Target also planned to slow its expansion from about 100 stores a year down to 70 stores a year.[107][108][109]
Target stores are designed to be more attractive than large big-box stores by having wider aisles, drop ceilings, a more attractive presentation of merchandise, and generally cleaner fixtures. Special attention is given to the design of the store environment: graphics reinforce its advertising imagery, while shelves are dressed with contemporary signage, backdrops, and liners, often printed on inexpensive material such as paper, corrugated and foam boards. Some stores, particularly those in the vicinity of major airports, have a bullseye painted on the roof that can be seen from above: the stores in Atlanta, Georgia near Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport; Rosemont, Illinois, near O'Hare International Airport; Potomac Yard, Virginia, near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport; College Point, New York (Queens), east of LaGuardia Airport; and Richfield, Minnesota, adjacent to Minneapolis–St. Paul International Airport are among such locations.[110] Target doesn't use music in its stores, nor does it promote items or services through its public address system.[citation needed]
Target stores do not sell firearms. In the early 1990s, they ceased sales of toy guns that looked realistic and limited its toy gun selection to ones that were brightly colored and oddly shaped. In 2014, Target also "respectfully" asked their guests to leave any firearms at home when visiting the store.[111] They do not sell tobacco products and have not sold cigarettes since 1996.[112]
Targét[edit]
Some people jokingly give Target the pseudo-French pronunciation /tɑːrˈʒeɪ/ tar-ZHAY, as though it were an upscale boutique. Though this practice is often attributed to Oprah Winfrey's usage on her television show, it is first attested in 1962, the year the first Target store opened. Target once sold a line of shoes called "Miss Targé"[113] this was reinforced by a 1980s television advertisement starring Didi Conn. This pronunciation has also led some people to incorrectly believe that the company is French-owned.[6] In recognition of the nickname's popularity and cachet, Target Corporation licensed its name and logo to Brand Central LLC in 2006, complete with accent over the letter "E" (though this is not correct French spelling) for a new line of clothing intended for more upscale fashion customers. The line, "Targét Couture", was originally sold at Los Angeles-based store Intuition, which deals with high-end brands.[114][115]
Nomenclature[edit]
Target uses a practice that was derived in 1989 from The Walt Disney Company[6] by calling its customers "Guests", its employees "Team Members", and its supervisors "Team Leaders". Also, managers are known as "Executive Team Leaders (ETLs)" and the Store Manager is known as the "Store Team Leader (STL)". Further up the "chain of command" are "District Team Leaders (DTL)", "Group Team Leaders (GTL)", Regional Team Leaders (RTL) (sometimes also Regional Vice President), and finally corporate-level executives.
Product lines and partnerships[edit]
Target has many exclusive deals with various designers and name brands, including Finnish design company Marimekko; architect Michael Graves; athletic wear company Converse; Italian fashion label Fiorucci; fashion designers Lilly Pulitzer, Liz Lange, Mossimo Giannulli, and Isaac Mizrahi, among others. To further increase their fashion profile, Target also created its fashion-forward Go International line, which hires famous designers to design collections available only for a few months.[116]
Target, after hiring architect Michael Graves to design the scaffolding used to renovate the Washington Monument and contributing $6 million USD to the restoration plan, introduced its first designer line of products in 1999, the Michael Graves Collection of housewares and home decor products.[116] Walmart and Kmart have followed Target's lead by signing exclusive designers to their stores as well. Target also partners with well-established national brands to create exclusive collections for its stores.[116]
Target also signed an exclusive deal with Food Network to sell VHS tapes of TV shows featuring popular chefs such as Alton Brown, Paula Deen, and Rachael Ray.[when?][citation needed]
In 2005, Target introduced a major revision of prescription bottles, which it calls the ClearRx system. The redesigned bottles are color-coded, flattened-out and turned upside down, providing more room for the label. This system was based on the patent[117] by student Deborah Adler and was named one of TIME's "Most Amazing Inventions of 2005".[118]
Sometimes manufacturers will create red-colored items exclusively for Target. In 2002, Nintendo produced a red special edition variant of the Game Boy Advance, which featured the Target logo above the screen.[119]
In 2005, IFC began a partnership with Target to promote a selection of independent films, both in Target stores and on IFC Monday nights at 9:00 pm Eastern. Originally titled IFC Cinema Red, the promotion was rebranded on-air as The Spotlight in 2007. The in-store headers refer to the selected titles as IFC Indies – Independent films chosen for Target by the Independent Film Channel.[120]
In 2016, Target began to enforce gender neutrality in its marketing of toys, and no longer explicitly listed specific toys as being for "boys" or "girls". This practice was expanded with the February 2016 launch of a new children's decor line, Pillowfort, which will replace its Circo brand and feature more gender-neutral designs and color schemes.[121]
Gift cards[edit]
The Target GiftCard is the retailing division's stored-value card or gift card. Target sells more gift cards than any other retailer in the United States and is one of the top sellers, by dollars and units, in the world.[122] The unique designs of their cards contribute to their higher sales, as well as Target's policy of no expiration dates or service fees.[123] Past and current designs include lenticular, "scratch and sniff" (such as peppermint during the Christmas season), glow in the dark, LED light-up, a gift card on the side of a bubble blower, a gift card that can function as a CD-ROM, and even a gift card that allows the sender to record a voice message. A current environmentally friendly gift card is made from bioplastic manufactured from corn.[124] Target rolled out a new MP3 player gift card for the 2006 holiday season. It holds 12 songs and must be purchased with an initial value of at least $50.
Beginning in January 2010, Target Stores rolled out Mobile GiftCards, through which one can produce a GiftCard barcode on any web-capable cell phone. This data matrix barcode can be scanned at a Target POS like any physical card barcode, and balances can be stored, retrieved, and gifted with the convenience of a cell phone.[citation needed]
Some of these unique design ideas are patented, and these patents are assigned to the Target Brands subsidiary. For example, some such Target GiftCard designs feature a wooden front side. On May 24, 2005, the United States Patent and Trademark Office granted U.S. patent D505,450 for the "ornamental design for a credit or stored value card with wood layer" to inventors Amy L. Lauer and John D. Mayhew.[125] U.S. patent 7004398, for the "stored-value card assembly including a stored-value card, an edible product, and a wrapper", was granted to Michael R. Francis and Barry C. Brooks on February 28, 2006.[126] Both patents have been assigned by their inventors to Target Brands, Inc.
Target GiftCards are also collectors items. Some of the first gift cards issued are valued at over $300 (even though the card doesn't have any money on it). Every year, Target introduces new Holiday GiftCards. In 2007, Target's Holiday GiftCards featured a wind-up flashlight, a musical gift card, a gift card that lights up, and a scented gift card.
Target Forensic Services[edit]





This section contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2006, The Washington Post revealed that Target is operating two sophisticated criminal forensics laboratories, one at its headquarters and the other in Las Vegas.[127] Originally, the lab was created with the role of investigating internal instances of theft, fraud, and other criminal actions that have occurred on its own properties. Eventually, the company began offering pro bono services to law enforcement agencies across the country. Target's Forensic Services has assisted agencies at all levels of government, including such federal agencies as the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the United States Secret Service. In fact, the labs have become such a popular resource for law enforcement that Target has had to restrict its assistance to violent felonies.[128][129]
Criticism and controversy[edit]
Animal welfare concerns[edit]
In 2011, Mercy for Animals, a non-profit organization dedicated to preventing cruelty to farmed animals and promoting compassionate food choices and policies, uncovered animal abuse at a Target egg supplier.[130] Hidden-camera footage shot at Sparboe Farms—a significant egg supplier to Hy-Vee, McDonald's, Sam's Club, SuperValu, and Target—revealed hens crammed into filthy wire cages, unable to fully stretch their wings or engage in most other natural behaviors. The investigator documented workers burning off chicks' beaks without painkillers, torturing animals, and throwing live birds into plastic bags and leaving them to suffocate. Dead hens were left to rot alongside birds that were still laying eggs for human consumption.[citation needed]
The investigation received international media attention; it aired first on ABC's Good Morning America,[131] World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer,[132] and 20/20.[133] As a result of the investigation and the public outcry that followed, Target immediately discontinued its relationship with the company.[134][135][136] Moreover, in January 2016, Target Corp. announced that it will discontinue the use of eggs from caged hens, and become entirely cage-free by the year 2025.[137]
"Bathroom policy" and boycott[edit]
In April 2016, Target announced on its website that it would allow transgender customers and employees access to use restrooms and changing areas that correspond with the gender with which they identify, except where local laws require otherwise. The New York Times called this "the most prominent position taken by a national retailer".[138] In response, the American Family Association (AFA) launched a nationwide boycott; by April 28 about one million people had signed the AFA's petition.[139][140] Numerous other faith groups responded with criticism, although some were more measured.[citation needed] Target saw a drop in consumer polls, from 42% to 38%, around the time the policy was announced.[141] In mid-May, CEO Cornell said the boycott impacted "just a handful of stores across the country".[142] Some observers, such as Fortune's Phil Wahba, believed that Target's bathroom policy may have caused part of Target's drop in shopper traffic during the second quarter of 2016. On August 17, Target announced it would add a third, private, single-stall locking bathroom at many of its stores.[143] In 2017, Cornell claimed not to know about, or have approved, the policy before it was published. The policy cost the business US$20 million and caused sales to fall nearly 6% in the three quarters following.[144][143]
Major sponsorships[edit]




The Target Chip Ganassi Racing IndyCar visiting Purdue University







This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Events[edit]

Target often supports major awards shows, such as the Emmys, Golden Globes, Grammys, and Oscars.
Target Corporation is a major sponsor of the annual Minneapolis Aquatennial, where it hosts the Target Fireworks Show, the largest annual fireworks show west of the Mississippi River and the fourth largest annual fireworks show in the United States.[145]
Target was a sponsor of the 2006–2007 New Year's Times Square Ball Drop and had its logo placed on the confetti dropped during the celebrations as well as specially designed "2007" glasses.[146]

Sports[edit]
Chip Ganassi Racing[edit]
Target is a long-time sponsor of the IndyCar and NASCAR racing teams of Chip Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target's relationship with Ganassi in IndyCar go back to 1990 when it began sponsoring Eddie Cheever. Some of their most famous drivers in the 1990s include Michael Andretti, Bryan Herta, and Arie Luyendyk. In the late 1990s, Target Chip Ganassi Racing had a four-year run of winning championships in CART, winning 1996 with Jimmy Vasser, 1997 and 1998 with Alex Zanardi, and 1999 with Juan Pablo Montoya.[citation needed] Ganassi won their first Indianapolis 500 in 2000. The team moved full-time into the rival Indy Racing League in 2003,[citation needed] and won in its first year of full-time competition, with Scott Dixon. Dixon won the championship again in 2008. The 2009 season marked the 20th anniversary of the Target race program. Franchitti won his second career IndyCar championship, and with Scott Dixon finishing second, gave Target a one-two sweep in the IndyCar Series. Dixon and Franchitti won 10 of 17 races (Dixon-5, Franchitti-5) and tied the team record from 1998 where Alex Zanardi and Jimmy Vasser combined to win 10 in the 19-race 1998 CART season. In 2010, Franchitti won the Indianapolis 500. He also won the series championship for the Target team, by five points over second-place finisher Will Power.[citation needed]
Target started sponsoring stock cars in 2001 with Sterling Marlin when Chip Ganassi bought into the Felix Sabates stock car team.[citation needed] In the 2002 NASCAR Winston Cup Series season, the No. 41 Chip Ganassi Target car was driven by Jimmy Spencer, and from 2003 to 2005, Casey Mears drove the car. In 2006, Reed Sorenson took over the No. 41 when Mears moved to a different Chip Ganassi car on the same team. Sorenson drove the car through the 2008 season, and Target has also had some major sponsorship time on the Ganassi Racing No. 40 car with Dario Franchitti and Jeremy Mayfield who subbed for the injured Franchitti. The 40 team has since been shut down. For 2009, the Target sponsorship moved to the No. 42 driven by Juan Pablo Montoya with the newly formed Earnhardt Ganassi Racing.[citation needed] Target also sponsored Earnhardt Ganassi Racing's No. 8 car driven by Aric Almirola, which it co-sponsors in some races with other sponsors such as Guitar Hero and TomTom until the team was disbanded in May 2009. Kyle Larson took over the No. 42 in 2014 and Target sponsored the No. 51 of Phoenix Racing for Larson's Sprint Cup Series debut.[147]
The Target Chip Ganassi[148] car driven by Dario Franchitti won the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500 on Sunday, May 30, 2010.[149]
Target will be ending its association with IndyCar racing at the end of the 2016 season.[150]
Minnesota United FC[edit]
In January 2017, Minnesota United FC, a Major League Soccer expansion team debuting for the 2017 Season, announced that Target would be the team's front-of-jersey match kit sponsor, as well as sponsoring MLS overall. This brings one of the largest sponsors in the league, especially for an expansion team making its debut appearance. The team also has an advantage of having a large, well-known hometown brand versus an entity outside the region, in addition to the financial benefits of such a large sponsor.
Naming rights[edit]
Target owns the naming rights to the Target Center and Target Field in Minneapolis.
Radio[edit]
Target is the founding sponsor of the Weekend America radio program.
See also[edit]


Minnesota portal
Companies portal



Design For All (product line)

References[edit]


^ a b "2016 Annual Report" (PDF). corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 29, 2017. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Annual Report". corporate.target.com. Retrieved April 5, 2017. 
^ a b c d Tuttle, Brad. "Why Target Is Focusing on Millennials and Cities Instead of Suburban Moms". MONEY.com. Retrieved October 12, 2016. 
^ Leinward, Paul; Mainardi, Cesare (December 15, 2010). "Why Can’t Kmart Be Successful While Target and Walmart Thrive?". Harvard Business Review. Harvard Business Publishing. Retrieved March 17, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n "Target Corporation History". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c d e f g Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 0-471-25067-8. 
^ a b "Lipman Wolfe and Co.". Pdxhistory.com. June 24, 2006. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "History of Lechmere Inc. – FundingUniverse". Fundinguniverse.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ Richard Halverson (May 2, 1994). "Ulrich moving up at DH: speculation mounts about naming a successor – Robert Ulrich becomes chairman of Dayton Hudson Corp". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ a b c "1962–1992 Dayton's dream is on Target". Discount Store News. April 20, 1992. [permanent dead link]
^ Sidney Rutberg (February 1984). "Plums fall doesn't cause too many shock waves". Discount Store News. [permanent dead link]
^ "Dayton Hudson, sour on Plums, sells its 11-month-old off-pricer". Discount Store News. March 19, 1984. Archived from the original on July 13, 2012. 
^ "Dayton-Hudson In Dillard Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target closes Everyday Hero in Mall of America". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. September 11, 1997. 
^ "Target Stores to Close Experimental [sic] Clearance Outlets". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved July 27, 2005. 
^ "Unsolicited J.C. Penney Offer Rejected By Dayton Hudson". The Seattle Times. April 25, 1996. 
^ a b c "Target Corporation 2000 Annual Report" (PDF). Target Corporation. 
^ "MPR PARENT SELLS RIVERTOWN TRADING CO. TO DAYTON HUDSON". Archived from the original on July 2, 2006. Retrieved July 12, 2014. 
^ a b "Associated Merchandising Corporation". The American Chamber of Commerce in Thailand. 
^ "Target buys Fedco for SuperT". Discount Store News. July 26, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target may step up NE rollouts; debuts long-awaited e-tail site". Discount Store News. September 20, 1999. [permanent dead link]
^ a b "Target is the name". Discount Store News. February 21, 2000. [permanent dead link]
^ "Target Corporation 2001 Annual Report". Target Corporation. 
^ a b "Global Team: Bangalore". Target. Archived from the original on March 9, 2013. 
^ "Target Corporation Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share $1.29". Target Corporation. February 27, 2007. 
^ "Target admits it missed the mark, but what does it mean for Canadian retail? - Business - CBC News". Cbc.ca. January 15, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Hey Target, here's how you expand into Canada, courtesy of Wal-Mart". Macleans.ca. August 20, 2014. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b "Target can't get out of Canada fast enough". Fortune.com. April 2, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "Target Corp’s spectacular Canada flop: A gold standard case study for what retailers shouldn’t do | Financial Post". Business.financialpost.com. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ "News Releases: Hot Off the Press & Archives | Target Corporate". Pressroom.target.ca. Archived from the original on April 30, 2015. Retrieved June 20, 2015. 
^ a b c "Target Through the Years". Target Corporation. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b "Target Launches Smaller CityTarget Stores To Appeal To Urban Shoppers". The Huffington Post. AOL. July 18, 2012. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Target’s 2016 store plan: urban, urban and more urban". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. December 23, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "New Store, Big City: Target to Open in Queens, N.Y., in 2016". Target Corporation. August 26, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target, Starbucks agree to add coffee shops to new Target stores". Louisville Business First. American City Business Journals. October 11, 2002. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Wanba, Phil (February 3, 2016). "CVS Opens First Pharmacies Within Target Stores". Fortune. Time, Inc. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target to add ‘PFresh’ grocery concept at 350 stores". Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal. American City Business Journals. November 18, 2006. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Morran, Chris (August 13, 2010). "Target Closing All Remaining Garden Centers". Consumerist. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Moore, Paula (January 7, 2011). "Target to roll out ‘PFresh’ concept store at Belmar center in Lakewood". Denver Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Zimmerman, Ann (May 12, 2009). "Target Believes a Rebound Recipe Is in Grocery Aisle". Wall Street Journal. News Corp. Retrieved March 10, 2006. 
^ "E-Trade closes trading stations". San Francisco Business Times. American City Business Journals. June 6, 2003. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ "Target Corporation Company Statistics". Statistic Brain Research Institute. September 3, 2015. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ Harris, Elizabeth (January 16, 2014). "Target Tests Small Store for Urban Shoppers as Young People Pick Cities Over Suburbs". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 10, 2016. 
^ a b Halter, Nick (August 4, 2015). "Target's dropping its TargetExpress and CityTarget names for small stores". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. Retrieved August 26, 2015. 
^ "Dinkytown mini-Target store will open in July" Archived September 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.. Chusman & Wakefield Retail Services. July 7, 2014.
^ Trinh, Jean (October 17, 2015). "Target Stores Planned For Koreatown And Near USC". LAist. Retrieved November 5, 2015. 
^ "Keeping Things Simple: Rebranding our CityTarget and TargetExpress Stores". A Bullseye View. Target Corporation. August 4, 2015. Retrieved October 6, 2015. 
^ "Vendor Compliance". Target Corporation. Archived from the original on November 5, 2013. 
^ "Target up & up Brand Offers Great Quality at Low Prices". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "up & up". Retrieved November 30, 2010. 
^ "Target aims for stars with new kids apparel brand Cat & Jack". Star Tribune. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Target.com Site Info". Alexa Internet. Retrieved February 16, 2017. 
^ "Site Profile for target.com (rank #28) | Compete". Siteanalytics.compete.com. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "Target to Build and Manage New Target.com Platform / Target Corp". Target. August 7, 2009. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target.com Announces Vendor Partners for Re-platforming Effort / Target Corp". Target. January 11, 2010. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Launches Redesigned E-Commerce Website / Target Corp". Target. August 23, 2011. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ "Target Corporate Fact Sheet". corporate.target.com. Retrieved May 31, 2016. 
^ a b From Roseville to Greatland, Target still hits the mark[permanent dead link], Discount Store News, September 17, 1990.
^ "Target Meets With Suppliers About RFID Plans". InformationWeek. August 10, 2004. 
^ "Target announces workforce reduction". January 29, 2009. 
^ a b c "Target aims for FL food distribution center". Refrigerated Transporter. February 1, 2007. 
^ a b c "Target Stores, Target Distribution Centers". Target. 
^ Target Lights create evolving Minneapolis landmark, Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal, April 11, 2003.
^ "Target Mpls skyline light show to go high def". Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal. May 13, 2011. Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ "Corporate Headquarters Archived November 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.." Target Corporation. Retrieved on July 8, 2010. "Target Corporate Headquarters 1000 Nicollet Mall Minneapolis, MN 55440"
^ "Target Office Towers." City of Minneapolis. Retrieved on July 8, 2010.
^ Crosby, jACKIE (January 20, 2016). "Target CEO Brian Cornell visiting homes of customers". Star Tribune. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Ziobro, Paul (January 19, 2016). "Home Depot Replaces Head of U.S. Stores Business". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Diversity Statement Archived June 29, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation.
^ Target Diversity website, Target Corporation.
^ "Supplier Diversity: Minority and Women Business Development Program". Target Corporation. 
^ "Profile: Target Corp.". Human Rights Campaign. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "NAACP 2005 Industry Surveys Give Five Major Industries "C" and "D" Grades". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 
^ "NAACP General Merchandising Industry Report Card" (PDF). National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 13, 2006. 
^ "2006 General Merchandising Industry Report Card". National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Archived from the original on November 30, 2006. 
^ Erin Texeira (July 18, 2006). "NAACP Issues Corporate Report Cards". The Washington Post. Associated Press. 
^ Meyers, Michelle. "Blind patrons sue Target for site inaccessibility – CNET News". CNET. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Alexander, Steve (August 27, 2008). "Target settles suit over Web access". Star Tribune. Archived from the original on October 15, 2012. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "EEOC Sues Target For Disability Discrimination". ABC. August 25, 2009. Retrieved January 1, 2013. 
^ "Target Stores Sued For Disability Discrimination". Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ "World's Most Admired Companies". CNN. Retrieved December 5, 2010. 
^ The Most Charitable Companies, Forbes, November 14, 2005.
^ Target and The Salvation Army Announce Partnership Archived February 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2005.
^ Target Launches Multi-Faceted Christmas Partnership With The Salvation Army Archived November 22, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., The Salvation Army, November 14, 2006.
^ Salvation Army Giving Tree Archived November 28, 2005, at the Wayback Machine., Target.com.
^ Magician David Blaine Ends Latest Stunt by Escaping From Gyroscope in NYC, FOXNews.com, November 24, 2006.
^ a b c d e f "Target Stores to Phase Out Vinyl Plastic Products". Environment News Service. November 12, 2007. Retrieved May 4, 2008. 
^ Target Corporation 2006 Awards. Retrieved May 4, 2008 Archived April 18, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Green Commerce Is Good Commerce". Retrieved June 15, 2015. 
^ plasticsdesign.org
^ Target Corporation. "Environmental Responsibility." Target Corporation Responsibility Report Archived May 29, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. June 2007. Date Accessed: April 16, 2008
^ Dobrovolny, Peter. "Sustainability: High Performance Buildings Deliver Increased Retail Sales." Seattle.gov. Date accessed: March 17, 2008
^ Brookter, Carolyn. "Target receives National Energy-efficiency award; EPA Partnerships Signify Commitment to Environment and Communities Archived May 8, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.." Business Wire. June 4, 1996. Date accessed: April 16, 2008.
^ "Attorney general targets Target". Press-Banner. Scotts Valley, Calif. June 26, 2009. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target penalized for toys with lead paint, AZ Central. August 1, 2009. Retrieved June 27, 2013.
^ "Target Bears Recall (Photo) "Message Bears" for Valentine's Day Pulled". National Ledger. February 10, 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2010. 
^ Lorenzo B. Cellini; Tycko & Zavareei LLP (April 18, 2014). "Class Action Lawsuit Alleges That Target-Brand Flushable Wipes Are Not Suitable For Flushing And Can Clog Pipes And Damage Sewer And Septic Systems". The National Law Review. Retrieved April 19, 2014. 
^ "Target says data breach up to 110 mn customers Archived January 12, 2014, at the Wayback Machine.." AFP. Retrieved on December 27, 2013.
^ "Target confirms encrypted PIN data stolen." USA Today. Retrieved on May 23, 2015.
^ "Target: Breach affected millions more customers" Yahoo! Finance. Retrieved on May 22, 2015.
^ Charles Riley and Jose Pagliery (March 19, 2015). "Target will pay hack victims $10 million". CNNMoney. 
^ "Target Data Breach Settlement With Banks Gets Final OK". Bloomberg BNA/Bloomberg Law. Retrieved May 21, 2016. 
^ "10 Things You Didn’t Know about Target". Retrieved February 13, 2017.  ("Sure, 96 percent of people may recognize the Target Bullseye logo,")
^ "Community of Grand Forks". University of North Dakota. Archived from the original on December 19, 2007. Retrieved June 11, 2007. 
^ "Corporate Fact Card" (PDF). Target Corporation. October 10, 2007. 
^ "Value For Money Is Back – Target Does Marketing Right". Marketing Doctor Blog. October 23, 2008. Archived from the original on January 12, 2009. 
^ "Target to emphasize value, add perishables". Market Watch. October 23, 2008. 
^ "Earnings Preview – Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)". iStockAnalyst. November 15, 2008. 
^ "Target on roof top in Rosemont, IL". Google Maps. Retrieved April 24, 2017. 
^ "Cheers, grumbles for Target no guns request". USA Today. 
^ Corporate Responsibility Report (PDF) Archived July 16, 2006, at the Wayback Machine., Target Corporation, January 31, 2006.
^ davek70s (September 1, 2011). "Target 1970". YouTube. Retrieved November 29, 2016. 
^ Mui, Ylan Q. (June 20, 2006). "Where "Target" Will Always Be "Tar-Zhay"". The Washington Post. 
^ "Gabrielle Union Demonstrating New Targét Couture Line at Brand's Launch Day". celebutopia.net. 
^ a b c Is Target making a Graves mistake? Archived March 12, 2007, at the Wayback Machine., Discount Store News, February 8, 1999.
^ US patent application 20030214129: Medication packaging and labeling system, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Best Inventions 2005: Healthy Options, Time, November 21, 2005.
^ Target Gets Exclusive New GBA Color!, Nintendo World Report, Billy Berghammer, November 25, 2002.
^ Target welcomes indies Archived April 24, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., BNET, July 2006.
^ "Target takes gender-neutral approach with new kids home brand". Star-Tribune. Retrieved February 8, 2006. 
^ Target Corporation’s Third Quarter Earnings Release conference call, Securities Information from the SEC EDGAR database, November 11, 2004.
^ "About GiftCards: GiftCards". Target. Retrieved February 21, 2010. 
^ Target's Bioplastic Gift Card, treehugger, January 31, 2006.
^ US design patent D505,450: Credit or stored value card with wood layer, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ U.S. Patent 7,004,398: Stored-value card with edible product, U.S. Patent & Trademark Office.
^ Office of the Arizona Attorney General (2006). Target Corporation Assets Protection (PDF). 
^ "Retailer Target Branches Out Into Police Work". The Washington Post. January 29, 2006. 
^ "Target sets sights on hard-to-crack cases". CNN. February 9, 2006. 
^ "McDonald's Cruelty: The Rotten Truth About Egg McMuffins". Mercy For Animals. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ "ABC News Investigation: What's In Your Breakfast". ABC News Good Morning America. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's - Friday, November 18, 2011". ABC World News Tonight with Diane Sawyer. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Galli, Cindy. "McDonald's, Target Dump Egg Supplier After Investigation". ABC News 20/20. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ Ford, Dana. "McDonald's, Target drop egg supplier after animal cruelty report". CNN. Retrieved September 5, 2012. 
^ Hughlett, Mike. "McDonald's, Target fire Minnesota egg company". Star Tribune. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "McDonald's Drops Large McMuffin Egg Supplier". ABC News. Retrieved September 4, 2012. 
^ "Target stores switching to cage-free eggs by 2025". Chicago Sun-Times. January 20, 2016. Retrieved January 21, 2016. 
^ Abrams, Rachel (April 27, 2016). "Target Steps Out in Front of Bathroom Choice Debate". The New York Times. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ "More than 700,000 pledge to boycott Target over transgender bathroom policy". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 3, 2016. 
^ Wahba, Phil (April 28, 2016). "Nearly 1 Million Sign Pledge to Boycott Target Over Bathroom Policy". Fortune. Retrieved May 2, 2016. 
^ "Target brand perception falls, but it's not 'catastrophic'". USA TODAY. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ "Target Says Boycotts Over Bathroom Policy Not Hurting Sales". Fortune. May 18, 2016. Retrieved May 28, 2016. 
^ a b "Target's Transgender-Friendly Bathroom Policy Is Costing It $20 Million". Fortune. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hayley Peterson (April 6, 2017). "The Target boycott cost more than anyone expected — and the CEO was blindsided". Yahoo! News. Business Insider. 
^ "Target Fireworks Show". 2011 Minneapolis Aquatennial. July 23, 2011. Archived from the original on January 21, 2013. 
^ "A Very Confetti New Year's". TIME. January 2, 2007. 
^ Ryan, Nate (October 1, 2013). "Kyle Larson to make Sprint Cup debut at Charlotte". USA Today. Retrieved October 14, 2013. 
^ "Target Ganassi Racing Sponsors". Chip Ganassi Racing. Archived from the original on March 25, 2013. 
^ "Franchitti Savors Sweet Second Indianapolis 500 Victory". Indianapolis Motor Speedway. May 30, 2010. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ Cavin, Curt (August 22, 2016). "Going Off Target". Autoweek: 42–44. 


Bibliography[edit]

Leebrick, Kristal (2013). Dayton's: A Twin Cities Institution.
Rowley, Laura (2003). On Target: How the World's Hottest Retailer Hit a Bull's-Eye. Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-25067-8. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Target Corporation.



Official website retailing website

Target Corporation corporate website
Target International Shopping Page
The Associated Merchandising Corporation





Business data for Target Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Growth of Target, 1962–2008
Political contributions and lobbying from the National Institute on Money in State Politics







v
t
e


Target Corporation



Current assets



Target
SuperTarget
Flexible format Target





Former assets



B. Dalton
Dayton's
Diamond's
Hudson's
John A. Brown
Lipman's
Lechmere
Marshall Field's
Mervyn's
Target Canada





Brands



Design For All
Go International
Mossimo





Key people



George Dayton
John Geisse
Douglas Dayton
Bob Ulrich
Gregg Steinhafel
Brian Cornell





Related



Bullseye
History
National Federation of the Blind v. Target Corp.
Target Plaza South












v
t
e


Marshall Field's



Parent companies



Batus Inc.
Dayton-Hudson/Target Corporation
The May Department Stores Company
Federated Department Stores/Macy's Inc.





Associated stores



Frederick & Nelson
The Crescent
Ivey's





Store conversions



Dayton's
Hudson's





Related



Marshall Field
Marshall Field's Wholesale Store
Marshall Field and Company Building
Marshall Field and Company Store
Frango












v
t
e


Minnesota-based corporations



Fortune 500 Corporations (by revenue)



UnitedHealth Group
Target
Best Buy
CHS
3M
U.S. Bancorp
SuperValu
General Mills
Land O'Lakes
Ecolab
C. H. Robinson Worldwide
Ameriprise Financial
Xcel Energy
Hormel
Thrivent Financial for Lutherans
Mosaic
St. Jude Medical
Patterson Companies





Other public companies



Securian Financial Group
Regis
Polaris Industries
Toro
Deluxe
Donaldson
Fastenal
Federated Mutual Insurance Company
MTS Systems Corporation





Major non-public corporations (alphabetically)



Andersen
Cargill
Carlson
Holiday Stationstores
Schwan Food Company
Securian Financial Group





Related topics



List of companies based in Minneapolis–Saint Paul












v
t
e


Supermarket chains in the United States



Kroger



Baker's Supermarkets
City Market
Dillons
Food 4 Less

Foods Co.


Fred Meyer
Fry's Food & Drug
Gerbes Super Markets
Harris Teeter
Jay C
King Soopers
Kroger
Owen's
Pay Less Super Markets
QFC
Ralphs
Roundy's (Pick 'n Save, Mariano's, Metro Market, Copp's)
Ruler Foods
Scott's
Smith's





Albertsons



Acme Markets
Albertsons
Amigos
Carrs
Haggen
Jewel-Osco
Lucky
Market Street
Pavilions
Randalls
Safeway
Shaw's and Star Market
Super Saver
Tom Thumb
United Supermarkets
Vons





SuperValu



County Market
Cub
Farm Fresh
Hornbacher's
Shop 'n Save
Shoppers





Ahold Delhaize



Food Lion
Giant-Carlisle
Giant-Landover
Hannaford Brothers Company
Martin's Food Markets
Stop & Shop





Southeastern Grocers



BI-LO
Fresco y Más
Harveys Supermarkets
Winn-Dixie





Wakefern



PriceRite
ShopRite
The Fresh Grocer





Other national chains



Target
Walmart





Regional chains





Asian




GW Supermarket
H Mart
Hong Kong Supermarket
Island Pacific Supermarket
Lion Supermarket
Marina Food
Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
Mitsuwa Marketplace
Nijiya Market
Seafood City
Shun Fat Supermarket
Tawa

99 Ranch Market
168 Market


Uwajimaya






Hispanic




Bravo
El Ahorro Supermarket
Fiesta Foods
Fiesta Mart
La Perla Tapatía Supermarkets
Más Club
Mi Pueblo Food Center
Supermercados Teloloapan
Vallarta Supermarkets






Organic




Earth Fare
Natural Grocers
Sprouts Farmers Market
Trader Joe's
Whole Foods Market






Wholesale




BJ's Wholesale Club
Cash & Carry
Costco
Sam's Club






Conventional




Acme Fresh Market
Aldi
Amigo
Balducci's
Bashas'
Best Market
Big Y
Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
Bristol Farms
Brookshire Brothers
Brookshire Grocery Company
Buehler Food Markets Inc.
C-Town Supermarkets
Central Market
D&W Fresh Market
Dave's Markets
Dean & DeLuca
DeMoulas Market Basket
Dierbergs Markets
Don Quijote

Times Supermarkets


Dorothy Lane Market
Easy-Way Store
Econofoods
Family Fare
Fairway Market
Fareway
Festival Foods
Festival Foods (Minnesota)
Food Giant
Food City
Foodarama
FoodLand
Foodtown

Pathmark


Gelson's
Gerland Corporation
Giant Eagle
Grand Mart
Gristedes
Grocery Outlet
Harmons
Harps Food Stores
H-E-B
Heinen's Fine Foods
Highland Park Market
Homeland
Houchens
Hugo's
Hy-Vee
IGA
Ingles
Inserra Supermarkets
Jerry's Foods
Jungle Jim's International Market
Karns Quality Foods
Key Food

Super Fresh
The Food Emporium


King Kullen
Kings Super Markets
Kuhn's Quality Foods
Lewis Food Town
Lidl
Lowe's Market
Lowes Foods
Lund Food Holdings
Magruder's
Marc's
Market Basket
Market of Choice
Marsh Supermarkets
Martin's Super Markets
Meijer
Met Foods
Miracle Mart
Mollie Stone's Markets
Morton Williams
New Seasons Market
Niemann Foods
No Frills Supermarkets
Nugget Markets
PCC Natural Markets
Petrini's
Piggly Wiggly
Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
Pink Dot
Price Chopper / Price Mart
Price Chopper Supermarkets
Publix
Pueblo
Raley's Supermarkets
Red Owl
Redner's Markets
Remke Markets
Rice Epicurean Markets
Ridley's Family Markets
Roche Bros.
Rosauers Supermarkets
Rouses
Russ's Market
Save-A-Lot
Save Mart Supermarkets
SaveRite
Schnucks
Scolari's Food and Drug
Seafood City
Sedano's
Sellers Bros.
Sendik's Food Market
Sentry Foods
Seven Mile Market
Shop 'n Save
Smart & Final
SpartanNash
Stanley Stores
Star Market
Stater Bros.
Stew Leonard's
Strack & Van Til
Straub's Markets
Sullivan Family of Companies

Foodland Hawaii


Supermercados Econo
Supermercados Selectos
Super Dollar Discount Foods
Super One Foods
Super Saver Foods (B&R Stores)
The Fresh Market
Tops Friendly Markets
United Grocery Outlet
URM Stores
Valu King
Victory Supermarkets
Village Market Food Center
Weaver Street Market
Wegmans
Weis Markets
Westborn Market
Western Beef
WinCo Foods
Woodman's Markets
Yoke's Fresh Market
Zabar's
Zupan's Markets








Defunct banners



A-Mart
A&P

Food Basics
Pathmark
Waldbaum's


ABCO Foods
Alpha Beta
Andronico's
AppleTree Markets
Belle Foods
Big Bear Stores
Big Star Markets
Bloom
Bottom Dollar Food
Bruno's
Buttrey Food & Drug
Byrd's
Carter's Foods
Chatham
Clemens Markets
Colonial Stores
Dahl's Foods
Daniel Reeves Stores
David's Supermarkets
Davis Food City
Delchamps
Deskins
Dick's Supermarket
Dominick's
Eagle Food Centers
Eberhard's
Eisner Food Stores
Farmer Jack
Felpausch
Finast
Fisher Foods
Food Fair
Food World
Food-a-rama
Fresh & Easy
Furr's
Genuardi's
Giant Open Air
Glen's Markets
Grand Union
Hamady Brothers
Henry's Farmers Market
Hills Supermarkets
Hinky Dinky
Jitney Jungle
Johnnie's Foodmaster
Kessel Food Markets
Laneco
Marketside
Mars
Minyard Food Stores
National Supermarkets
National Tea
Omni Superstore
Penn Fruit
Penn Traffic
Pick-N-Pay Supermarkets
Plus
Purity Supreme
Quality Markets
QFI
Red Food
Reid's
Schaffer Stores Company
Seaway Food Town
Seessel's
Simon David
Skaggs Companies
Southern Family Markets
Sunflower Farmers Market
Sunflower Market
Super Duper
Sweetbay Supermarket
Tidyman's
Twin Valu
Ukrop's Super Markets
Warehouse Economy Outlet
Weingarten's
Wild Oats Markets
Xpect Discounts








List of supermarket chains in the United States









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 140993075
ISNI: 0000 0004 0437 6013










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Target_Corporation&oldid=791973527"					
Categories: Target CorporationCompanies based in MinneapolisCompanies established in 1902Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeRetail companies of the United States1902 establishments in MinnesotaSuperstores in the United StatesDiscount stores of the United StatesRetail companies established in 1962Pharmacies of the United StatesHealth care companies based in MinnesotaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from April 2017Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013Articles containing potentially dated statements from February 2017All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from May 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles containing potentially dated statements from June 2007Articles with a promotional tone from April 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with unsourced statements from October 2014All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from October 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2011Articles with unsourced statements from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from April 2017Articles needing additional references from December 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles with unsourced statements from December 2013Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa Indonesiaಕನ್ನಡLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 17:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






If you're seeing this message, that means JavaScript has been disabled on your browser, please enable JS to make this app work. 
:: Target Corporation




























 










Toggle navigation







Who we Are
Services
Quality
Capabilities
Applications
Speciality

RFQ
Reach Us



























Introducing Target Corporation



	PCB Assembly Specialist and Electronics Manufacturer.












 
							SSR Interrogators & Interference Blankers
						















 MSSR & Navigational Aides 
















 
							Military, Commercial and Aerospace.
						













 


What is Target ?

Target Corporation  is a full-service PCB assembly specialist and electronics manufacturer with strong core competencies in military and defense applications and a growing reputation for high tech initiatives.
		



 In addition to contract circuit card assembly and electronics manufacturing services, we have capabilities to provide engineering, testing and repair services.
As a provider of AS9100 certified contract manufacturing we manufacture products that meet the highest standards of workmanship (default manufacturing to J-STD-001, Class 3), performance and reliability while maintaining the highest degree of integrity, dependability and service to meet our customers’ needs.
Target Corporation can assemble and test products ranging from RF cables and RF assemblies, through-hole and mixed technologies and complex SMT products as well as anyone; and then what we deliver better than everyone is value.

				Target Corporation supports the legacy product lines developed by Cardion Electronics. Products include IFF Decoders and Interrogators, Signal and Pulse Generators, SSR Interrogators and Interference Blankers, Navigational Aides such as TACAN, VOR and VORTAC and SPA25G Radars. View the Cardion Electronics website.
View Our Production Equipment
View Our Inspection/Test/Repair Equipment

Read More











 
						   		Aimtron acquires Target Corp.
						   		

Aimtron Corporation Acquires Target Corporation, a Leading Military Equipment Manufacturer.
					    			




 
						   		Aimtron Presentation
						   		

Know More About Aimtron Systems
					    			




 
						   		Manufacture profitably, USA

Aimtron has secret of profitably Manufacturing in USA
					    			












How We Work ?

BUILDING PARTNERSHIPS IS PART OF OUR DESIGN








Targeted Partnership
Target Corporation is dedicated to a professional approach and personal touch in all our business relationships. We are highly flexible, responsive and quick to adapt to change and respond to issues.
Read More









Production Flexibility
The breadth of our production skills is expansive. Using proven and advanced technologies we have the ability to manufacture a variety of products and run at various volumes.
Read More









Harsh Enviornment Expertise
Reliability is a component you can count on at Target. We understand rough environments dictate tough requirements.
Read More

















Useful Links

Know Us
Services
Quality
Speciality
Media Center





Contact Us


8400 Lakeview Parkway
								 Suite 200, Pleasant Prairie,WI 53158-5806
info@targetcorporation.com
Service : 262-947-8402
Quality : 262-925-2603
Technical Support: 262-947-8411











							2017 © Target Corporation
							Privacy Policy | Terms of Service










 



















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      Target Narrows the Bull's-Eye, With Emphasis on Signature Products - WSJ
    











































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Business
              




Target Narrows the Bull's-Eye, With Emphasis on Signature Products
New CEO Says Bold Changes Will Re-Energize Categories Like Fashion, Design

 






By

Paul Ziobro


Paul Ziobro
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyPaul Ziobro
@pziobro
Paul.Ziobro@wsj.com




  Updated Sept. 10, 2014 11:36 a.m. ET





 Target Corp.'s new CEO plans to double down on just a handful of departments like baby products and fashion, a strategic shift as the discounter works to bring shoppers back to its stores and better compete with online rivals. The change comes as the advantage of big-box stores' giant assortments is fading. Internet retailers like Amazon.com Inc. offer an almost bottomless range of products, and shoppers are defecting to stores that...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 
















      Target Corp. Culling Products in Its Stores to Help Resolve Out-of-Stock Issues    - WSJ
    













































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business




Target Corp. Culling Products in Its Stores to Help Resolve Out-of-Stock Issues   
Move reflects trend in retailing and consumer goods industries to simplify consumer selection   

 






By

Paul Ziobro


Paul Ziobro
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyPaul Ziobro
@pziobro
Paul.Ziobro@wsj.com




  Updated March 2, 2016 4:54 p.m. ET





 Target Corp. is trying to simplify things. The discount retailing chain is cutting the number of sizes, flavors and in some cases brands on its shelves to help fix out-of-stock issues plaguing its 1,800 stores. Its merchants are combing through categories to determine how many different packs of water bottles and scents of deodorants...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 
















Weekly Deals In Stores Now : Target Weekly Ad















































































	design & innovation










This website requires Javascript.





close search panel

search
































design & innovation


	Great design is fun, energetic, surprising and smart—and we don't just mean how something looks. It also satisfies a need, simplifies your life, makes you feel great and is affordable to all.


featured content






where form meets function




our design partnerships




	Our Expect More. Pay Less.® brand promise says it all—great design doesn't have to cost a fortune. From lipstick by Sonia Kashuk in a rainbow of colors to a museum-worthy tea kettle designed by Michael Graves to bold prints and colorful pieces from Marimekko, our partnerships with well-known and emerging designers are some of our most anticipated products.




an expert’s eye




	Helping hands and a sprinkling of sage advice from our closest friends (who just happen to be experts in their own right) add a fresh point of view to your everyday needs. Whether it’s home style expert Emily Henderson's (pictured) approachable design ideas or Britt Morin's tips for couples wanting to become registry gurus, our pros are here for you.






designed for a better day




	It’s about more than aesthetics and style. Great design is also about convenience and simplicity. We're focused on developing and delivering products that solve our guests' everyday problems, make their lives more convenient, or simply make them smile.




the shopping experience




	We apply our design philosophy to everything from our visually appealing building exteriors, to our award-winning mobile app, to innovative tools and systems. It all comes together to create a great guest experience. Just shop with us and see for yourself.







good to know



			Our first owned-brand was the Honors sportswear line.



1999 Target welcomes its first design partners, Michael Graves and Sonia Kashuk.



			Pro snowboarder Shaun White became our 50th design partner in 2010.




learn more about Target
Here are a few more areas we suggest you explore:


purpose & beliefs

company history

the shopping experience

corporate responsibility

careers



design inspiration

facebook
pinterest
instagram

















Target : Expect More. Pay Less.































































































	Careers at Target: Current Job Openings | Target Corporate










This website requires Javascript.





close search panel

search
































careers




featured content





join our team
search job, keyword(s), city or state








let’s get together




	When people say they love Target, they’re usually talking about visiting one of our 1,700+ stores. That positive and welcoming in-store experience is one of the things that sets our brand apart. And it’s made possible by the people in our stores who create amazing experiences for our guests every day. If you love brightening someone’s day, learn more about hourly or management careers in our stores.




take the lead




	Our Distribution Centers teams are key to our success. They make sure that products arrive at our stores—and our guests doorsteps—on time, every time. We’re looking for team members (both hourly and management positions) who are focused, organized and outgoing. Help us support Target’s supply chain by solving real problems in real time.




continuously improving




	To help make more effective and efficient business decisions for our guests, we’ve formed what we’re calling a continuous improvement team. This team will help Target transform the way it runs its corporate business. If you’d like to join, we’ve got details.







	work somewhere you love
	


	Wherever and however Target fits into your career path, our belief stays the same: don’t just work somewhere, work somewhere you love. Explore our career areas A to Z to learn more, and you can even meet a few of the passionate people who make up our team!

administrative support
advertising & marketing
assets protection & loss prevention
business intelligence & analytics
brand management, buying & planning
communications
distribution center & supply chain management
distribution center hourly
finance & accounting
financial & retail services & call center
food product development & quality assurance
global sourcing & planning
human resources
law
product design & development
real estate, design & property management
store management
store operations
store hourly
strategy
Target.com & mobile
technology






fuel your potential




	We’re committed to innovation, especially when it comes to digital. Maybe you heard, but in 2015 our digital sales grew at an industry-lapping 34%! We’re continuing that momentum by investing big to improve our digital experience. That’s where you come in. Check out available roles in our technology areas. We’d love you to join us!




to your benefit




	Sure, working somewhere you love is what’s most important, but we know your benefits matter, too. We’re fortunate enough to offer some of the best in retail, with competitive pay, insurance coverage, career mentoring and lots of other great perks. We’d love to share a few more details. Click here to learn more.




code with target




	Show off your coding skills and challenge your friends for bragging rights on codewithtarget.com.







already have an application in progress?

hourly & distribution center jobs
management & corporate jobs




get email updates
get the latest job openings for Target right in your inbox.
sign up





meet our team
meet more of our team




company category

On the Job at Target: Meet the Designer with Babies on the Brain





company category

Mike McNamara: How Technology and Art Fuel Retail Innovation





company category

Target’s Executive Team Leaders: The On-the-Job Moment I’ll Never Forget








life at Target



company category

These Small but Mighty Target Stores Are a College Student’s Dream




company category

Six Target Interns Pull Back the Curtain on Their Summer Programs




company category

Big Changes in Store: Dallas-Fort Worth Targets Celebrate Remodels 




company category

Not a Luxury, But a Lifeline: Smart Tech & Target Do-Good-ers Are Changing This Woman’s Life






company category

We Just Named the 10 Startups Joining Our Retail Accelerator this Summer




company category

The Secret to Enviable Style Without Breaking Your Budget? These New, Only-at-Target Brands




company category

Target Launches Next-Day Essentials Delivery in the Minneapolis Area with Target Restock




community category

[VIDEO] Big Reveal: Target House Families Get First Look at Their Refreshed Pavilion








pulse

our teams, our stories. our careers.

view all pulse


My Target Internship: Michael
The Power of Strategy
My Target Internship:  Jabari
Personal and Professional Growth
Target’s In-Style
Welcome Interns!




@TargetCareers

Facebook 
Twitter 
Pinterest 
Instagram 
LinkedIn 
YouTube 






show me more


























































	Target Career Areas: Explore Jobs from A to Z | Target Corporate










This website requires Javascript.





close search panel

search



































                    career areas


                            Wherever and however Target fits into your career path, our belief stays the same: don’t just work somewhere, work somewhere you love. Explore our career areas A to Z to learn more, and you can even meet a few of the passionate people who make up our team!







search careers
Find hourly, management and corporate job openings here


go




featured career areas


technology


store management


brand management, buying and planning 


product design & development


business intelligence & analytics 













career areas A to Z


administrative support
advertising & marketing
assets protection & loss prevention
brand management, buying & planning
business intelligence & analytics
communications
distribution center & supply chain management
distribution center hourly
finance & accounting
financial & retail services & call center
food product development & quality assurance
global sourcing & planning
human resources
law
product design & development
real estate, design & property management
store hourly
store management
store operations
strategy
Target.com & mobile
technology





work somewhere you love






continuously improving


	To help make more effective and efficient business decisions for our guests, we’ve formed what we’re calling a continuous improvement team. This team will help Target transform the way it runs its corporate business. If you’d like to join, we’ve got details.





Target Team Members Pulse Blog Pulse blog

My Target Internship: Michael


Jul 20, 2017
Target offers Store Executive, Distribution, HQ Undergrad and HQ Graduate internship opportunities.  Want to learn more?  Jabari, a Store Executive Intern, shares his experience below. • Name: Michael S. • Lives in: Upper St. Clair (Pittsburgh), PA • College year: Penn State University, Class of December 2017 • Why did you decide to do an internship at Target? I decided […]


Hear from our team
        Our stories. Our careers.
read Target's Pulse blog





fuel your potential


	We’re committed to innovation, especially when it comes to digital. Maybe you heard, but in 2015 our digital sales grew at an industry-lapping 34%! We’re continuing that momentum by investing big to improve our digital experience. That’s where you come in. Check out available roles in our technology areas. We’d love you to join us!



engineering focus



watch video



	Design, develop and build innovative solutions for a variety of applications, platforms and environments at Target. Opportunities range from software, hardware, network and infrastructure. Want to learn more? Check out the video below featuring a member of our team.









Target careers outside the U.S.


	Learn more about careers in India.

Target India careers website





stay connected

Target careers on Twitter

Target careers on Facebook
Target careers on Instagram
Target careers on Pinterest 


















Target Corporation | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Internet & Mail-Order Retail Industry Report


Discount Department Stores Industry Report


Grocery Stores & Supermarkets Industry Report


Nonstore Retail Industry Report


Shoe Stores Industry Report


Drug Stores Industry Report


Clothing Stores Industry Report


Retail Sector Industry Report


Warehouse Clubs & Superstores Industry Report


Competitive Reports


Technology Report















Target Corporation Revenue and Financial Data

Cheap-but-chic Target is the US's #2 discount chain (behind Wal-Mart ). The fashion-forward discounter operates 1,800-plus Target and SuperTarget stores across North America, as well as an online business at Target.com. Target and its larger grocery-carrying incarnation, SuperTarget, have carved out a niche by offering more upscale, trend-driven merchandise than rivals Wal-Mart and Kmart. Target also issues its proprietary Target credit card, good only at Target. Target sold its pharmacy and clinics business to CVS in late 2015 in a $1.9 billion deal.







Financials Information for Target Corporation

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013




Revenue
$69495.0
$73785.0
$72618.0
$72596.0
$73301.0


Gross Profit
$20623.0
$21788.0
$21340.0
$21436.0
$22266.0


Operating Income
$4969.0
$4910.0
$4535.0
$3838.0
$5210.0


Net Income
$2737.0
$3363.0
$-1636.0
$1971.0
$2999.0


Diluted EPS
$4.7
$5.31
$-2.56
$3.07
$4.52










Cash Flow (mil)
2017
2016
2015




Cash at the beginning of the year
$4046.0
$2210.0
$695.0


Net Operating Cash
$5436.0
$5844.0
$4439.0


Net Investing Cash
$-1473.0
$508.0
$-1926.0


Net Financing Cash
$-5497.0
$-4516.0
$-998.0


Net Change in Cash
$-1534.0
$1836.0
$1515.0


Cash at end of the year
$2512.0
$4046.0
$2210.0


Capital Expenditure
$-1501.0
$-1410.0
$-1691.0










Assets (mil)
2017
2016
2015




Current Assets


Cash
$2512.0
$4046.0
$2210.0


Net Receivables
$749.0
$779.0
$1122.0


Inventories
$8309.0
$8601.0
$8790.0


Other Income Assets
$144.0
$168.0
$213.0


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$11990.0
$14130.0
$14087.0


Net Fixed Assets
$24658.0
$25217.0
$25958.0


Other Noncurrent Assets
$469.0
$497.0
$615.0


Total Assets
$37431.0
$40262.0
$41404.0






Liabilities (mil)
2017
2016
2015




Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$7252.0
$7418.0
$7759.0


Short Term Debt
$1718.0
$815.0
$91.0


Other Current Liabilities
$844.0
$1240.0
$787.0


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$12708.0
$12622.0
$11736.0


Long Term Debt
$11031.0
$11945.0
$12705.0


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$1184.0
$1183.0
$1301.0


Total Liabilities
$26478.0
$27305.0
$27407.0






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)
2017
2016
2015




Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$
$
$


Common Stock Equity
$46.0
$50.0
$53.0


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$10953.0
$12957.0
$13997.0


Shares Outstanding
556.16
602.23
640.21







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days


































































	Target Careers: Product Design & Development | Target Corporate










This website requires Javascript.





close search panel

search


































product design & development

Innovation is part of everything we do—and it all comes together with exclusive products that make our retail experience unique. 





Dominique M.
Product Design & Development


read full transcript






apply online
View current product design & development job openings
go




already in our application system?


access your existing profile






get email updates 
Get the latest job openings for product design & development right in your inbox


View privacy statement
sign up










product design & development careers
Develop big ideas, graphic concepts and technical designs that help us achieve our overall product strategy, quality and financial objectives. Opportunities include color analysis, textile design, managing designer partnerships and delivering an exclusive product assortment the keeps us ahead of the curve.

expand all

	fabric research & development 
	: expand panel




	Use your specialized technical expertise to research and develop high-quality, affordable fabric palettes for new and existing product lines. With a focus on the needs of our guests and brand identities, you’ll help conceptualize and create trend-right merchandise.

	Example roles:


		Associate Fabric Developer

		Fabric Engineer

		Senior Trim Developer 


search jobs and apply now


	product design
	: expand panel




	Create designs for exclusive Target products while developing trend strategies that support buyer objectives and the Target brand. You’ll transform creative ideas into products that surprise and delight our guests.

	Example roles:


		Senior Designer

		Senior Design Manager

		Associate Textile Designer 


search jobs and apply now


	technical development
	: expand panel




	Step in at different stages of the design and development process to determine product specifications and oversee execution. You’ll partner with the Design, Buying and Sourcing teams to ensure product concepts can be manufactured to meet Target’s high standards for quality and value.

	Example roles:


		Associate Technical Designer

		Technical Designer

		Color Developer


search jobs and apply now




related career areas


real estate, design & property management


advertising & marketing







                current job openings
            



Sr Product Dev Specialist - Furniture - (Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States)




Sr Product Dev Specialist | C02 - (Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States)




Sweater Designer - RTW - (Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States)




Designer - Ava & Viv - (Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States)




Design Director - Outdoor Living - (Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States)




view all job openings





Target Team Members Pulse Blog Pulse blog

My Target Internship: Michael


Jul 20, 2017
Target offers Store Executive, Distribution, HQ Undergrad and HQ Graduate internship opportunities.  Want to learn more?  Jabari, a Store Executive Intern, shares his experience below. • Name: Michael S. • Lives in: Upper St. Clair (Pittsburgh), PA • College year: Penn State University, Class of December 2017 • Why did you decide to do an internship at Target? I decided […]


Hear from our team
        Our stories. Our careers.
read Target's Pulse blog





			never a normal day: an inside look at Target’s Product Development team




	Meet our design teams who travel the world for inspiration to create innovative products that solve everyday problems. 








explore othercareer areas

select: expand panel

administrative support
advertising & marketing
assets protection & loss prevention
business intelligence & analytics
brand management, buying & planning
communications
distribution center & supply chain management
distribution center hourly
finance & accounting
financial & retail services & call center
food product development & quality assurance
global sourcing & planning
human resources
law
product design & development
real estate, design & property management
store management
store operations
store hourly
strategy
Target.com & mobile
technology






learn more about Target
Here are a few more areas we suggest you explore: 


purpose & beliefs


company history


corporate responsibility


diversity & inclusion


stock information






stay connected

Target careers on Twitter

Target careers on Facebook
Target careers on Instagram
Target careers on Pinterest 
















Log In
































Shop Target.com | 
                                    Back to the REDcards | 
                                    Target Debit Card Privacy Policy | 
                                    Target Credit Card Privacy Policy | 
                                    REDcard Benefits Program Rules



















 




















      





      





















*REMINDER:  Target REDcards with 9 digit card numbers DO NOT need to be activated.  Target REDcards with 16 digit card numbers DO need to be activated.


Security FAQ's
































 
                                            


































PRIVACY | 
							Terms + Conditions
California Privacy Rights









REDcard™: Target Debit Card™, Target Credit Card™,and Target™ Mastercard®. Subject to application approval (Target Mastercard not available to new applicants). The REDcard credit cards (Target Credit Card and Target Mastercard) are  issued by TD Bank USA, N.A. The REDcard debit card is issued by Target Corporation. Mastercard is a registered   trademark of Mastercard International, Inc. Pat 7,562,048 and 8,117,118.













DigiCert.com














