






Taro USA - Products | Taro Pharmaceutical Industries












Skip to main content








































Taro Pharmaceutical Industries
 













 





Affiliated Websites 

 Taro U.S.A
 Taro Canada
 Taro Israel
 Taro International
 Sun Pharma
 Sun Pharmaceutical USA
 Sun Pharmaceutical Europe
 Chattem Chemicals Inc.





Contact




About UsHistory
Code Of Conduct

WORLDWIDE SITESUSA
Canada
Israel
International

Research
Investor Relations
 












 Text Size A A A 
Taro USA - Products

Print

Home » Taro USA - Products      










Products  


Business Customers  


Employment Opportunities  


Supplier Diversity  

 



ProductsRX
OTC
TaroPharma
FEVERALL
MEDICATION GUIDES










The product information presented here is intended for use by healthcare professionals, industry professionals, patients and consumers in the United States only. Countries outside the U.S. may have different regulatory requirement and review practices that may require the use and availability of different information. Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. and its affiliates can take no responsibility for the reliance on or use of any information contained herein (see our Legal Disclaimer )
I have read this statement
 




















USA | Taro Pharmaceutical Industries












Skip to main content








































Taro Pharmaceutical Industries
 













 





Affiliated Websites 

 Taro U.S.A
 Taro Canada
 Taro Israel
 Taro International
 Sun Pharma
 Sun Pharmaceutical USA
 Sun Pharmaceutical Europe
 Chattem Chemicals Inc.





Contact




About UsHistory
Code Of Conduct

WORLDWIDE SITESUSA
Canada
Israel
International

Research
Investor Relations
 












 Text Size A A A 
USA

Print

Home » USA      










Products  


Business Customers  


Employment Opportunities  


Supplier Diversity  

 

 





		Welcome to Taro USA
Taro markets a broad range of prescription and over-the-counter products in the United States. We are a leading manufacturer and supplier of topical dermatological products and also have a growing line of solid dosage form products used mainly in cardiology and neurology.
We’re proud that millions of Americans rely on our generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter private-label products every year. Whether you're a physician, pharmacist or patient, please consider this website your personal resource for learning more about Taro.
We are pleased to announce that Taro is partnering with the nonprofit organization, Rx Outreach, to provide a Patient Assistance Program for a select list of our critically needed medications.
To see if you are eligible for the Taro Patient Assistance Program, the medications included, and to enroll, you can either:
Call Rx Outreach at 1-800-769-3880 to speak to a helpful representative
		or
		Go online to www.RxOutreach.org to check eligibility and enroll
 

 
 
















Hydrocortisone (Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.): FDA Package Insert

 







DrugInserts.com
Over the Counter Medications



    


Hydrocortisone: Package Insert and Label InformationBy Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. | Last revised: 14 February 2013
HYDROCORTISONE- hydrocortisone creamTaro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.
Disclaimer: Most OTC drugs are not reviewed and approved by FDA, however they may be marketed if they comply with applicable regulations and policies. FDA has not evaluated whether this product complies.  Drug Facts 
Active ingredientHydrocortisone 0.5%
PurposeAnti-itch cream
Uses  temporary relief of itching associated with minor skin irritations and rashes due toeczemainsect bitespoison ivy, poison oak, or poison sumacsoapsdetergentscosmeticsjewelryseborrheic dermatitispsoriasisexternal genital and anal itching other uses of this product should be only under the advice and supervision of a doctor  Warnings



 For external use only 
Do not use  in the eyes by putting this product into the rectum by using fingers or any mechanical device or applicator  Ask a doctor before use if you have  a vaginal discharge rectal bleeding diaper rash   When using this product consult a doctor before exceeding recommended dosage
Stop use and ask a doctor if  condition gets worse condition persists for more than 7 days condition clears up and occurs again within a few days. Do not begin to use any other hydrocortisone product unless you have consulted a doctor.   Keep out of reach of children.  If swallowed, get medical help or contact a Poison Control Center right away.
DirectionsAdults and children 2 years of age and older:
 apply to affected area not more than 3 to 4 times daily  Children under 2 years of age: do not use. consult a doctor
For external anal itching:  Adults: when practical, cleanse the affected area with mild soap and warm water and rinse thoroughly gently dry by patting or blotting with toilet tissue or a soft cloth before application of this product  Children under 12 years of age: consult a doctor
Other information  To open: unscrew cap, pull tab to remove foil seal, and screw cap back onto tube store at room temperature see carton or tube crimp for lot number and expiration date  Inactive ingredientsaloe barbadensis, cetostearyl alcohol, citric acid, glycerin, glyceryl stearate, methylparaben, mineral oil, paraffin, propylparaben, purified water, sodium cetearyl sulfate, sodium lauryl sulfate, stearyl alcohol
Questions?Call 1-866-923-4914 Distributed by:Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. Hawthorne, NY 10532
PRINCIPAL DISPLAY PANEL — 28.4 g Tube CartonItch and Rash Relief 
Sensitive Skin 
Hydrocortisone ½%CreamAntipruritic (Anti-Itch)
With Aloe 
NET WT 1 oz (28.4 g) 
    (click image for full-size original)     HYDROCORTISONE  hydrocortisone cream       Product Information   Product Type HUMAN OTC DRUG Item Code (Source) NDC:51672-2010   Route of Administration TOPICAL DEA Schedule          Active Ingredient/Active Moiety   Ingredient Name Basis of Strength Strength   Hydrocortisone (Hydrocortisone)  Hydrocortisone 0.5 g  in 100 g        Inactive Ingredients   Ingredient Name Strength    cetostearyl alcohol       citric acid monohydrate       glycerin       glyceryl monostearate       methylparaben       mineral oil       paraffin       propylparaben       water       sodium cetostearyl sulfate       sodium lauryl sulfate       stearyl alcohol              Packaging   # Item Code Package Description Multilevel Packaging    1  NDC:51672-2010-2 1 TUBE in 1 CARTON contains a TUBE    1   28.4 g in 1 TUBE This package is contained within the CARTON (51672-2010-2)            Marketing Information    Marketing Category Application Number or Monograph Citation Marketing Start Date Marketing End Date   OTC MONOGRAPH NOT FINAL part348 09/13/2001        Labeler — Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.
       (145186370)
         Establishment    Name Address ID/FEI Operations   Taro Pharmaceuticals Inc.  206263295 MANUFACTURE (51672-2010)  Revised: 02/2013 Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.





Share this Drug Information

Facebook

Stumble!
Tweet
Google +1

Pin

Print
Tell a Friend
More…

Also by this Manufacturer

Additional medications in the ‘Over the Counter Medications’ section by Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.
Or get Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. product information by RSS.

Related Searches
Within the ‘Over the Counter Medications’ section:

Brand names beginning with the letter ‘H’ (Hydrocortisone).
Medications with generic name beginning with the letter ‘H’ (Hydrocortisone).
Medication information from February 2013, newest first or February 2013, earliest first.

FDA MedWatch

Cyclobenzaprine HCl and Amantadine HCl by Apace Packaging: Recall – Potential MislabelingFri, 28 Jul 2017. Unintentional dosing with Cyclobenzaprine HCl may potentially lead to the development of life-threatening serotonin syndrome, and other serious adverse events.Sterile Drug Products by Cantrell Drug Company: Recall –  Lack of Sterility AssuranceTue, 25 Jul 2017. Administration of a drug product intended to be sterile that is not sterile could result in serious infections that may be life-threatening.

Trustworthy Health Information


This site complies with the  HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.

VetLabel.com
Our full Veterinary Products section for consumers and veterinary professionals is now available exclusively via VetLabel.com.
 









 








Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. Company Information | Drugs.com





































Skip to Content












Search:



All

AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products 










Browse all medications:

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


Advanced Search






Topics & Tools





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 






Sign In


Sign In
Register







Menu










 



Home › Pharmaceutical Companies › Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.



Print
 Share






Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.


Address
Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc., 3 Skyline Drive
Hawthorne, NY 10532Contact DetailsPhone: (800) 544-1449Website: www.taro.com/usaCareers: www.taro.com/human-resources



 
Drugs Associated with Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. manufactures, markets and/or distributes more than 75 drugs in the United States. Medications listed here may also be marketed under different names in different countries. Non-US country and region specific information is not available on this page.


Brand/Generic Name
Average User Rating


acetazolamide 
class: carbonic anhydrase inhibitor anticonvulsants, carbonic anhydrase inhibitors  
 
 

6.8

acetic acid/hydrocortisone 
class: otic steroids with anti-infectives  
 
 

8.0

acyclovir 
class: topical antivirals  
 
 

8.3

adapalene 
class: topical acne agents  
 
 

7.3

alclometasone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.7

amcinonide 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

10

amiodarone 
class: group III antiarrhythmics  
 
 

6.3

ammonium lactate 
class: topical emollients  
 
 

8.6

Antibiotic Plus Pain Relief
generic name: neomycin/polymyxin b/pramoxine class: topical antibiotics N/A

bacitracin 
class: topical antibiotics  
 
 

5.5

betamethasone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.6

betamethasone/clotrimazole 
class: topical steroids with anti-infectives  
 
 

8.5

calcipotriene 
class: topical antipsoriatics  
 
 

7.5

carbamazepine 
class: dibenzazepine anticonvulsants  
 
 

7.1

cetirizine 
class: antihistamines  
 
 

7.3

ciclopirox 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

7.4

clindamycin 
class: topical acne agents, vaginal anti-infectives  
 
 

7.2

clobetasol 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

9.0

clomipramine 
class: tricyclic antidepressants  
 
 

8.3

clorazepate 
class: benzodiazepines  
 
 

8.3

clotrimazole 
class: topical antifungals, vaginal anti-infectives  
 
 

9.5

desonide 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.8

desoximetasone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.7

diclofenac 
class: topical non-steroidal anti-inflammatories  
 
 

7.8

diflorasone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

9.7

diphenhydramine 
class: topical antihistamines  
 
 

8.0

econazole 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

8.8

enalapril 
class: angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors  
 
 

6.7

enalapril/hydrochlorothiazide 
class: ACE inhibitors with thiazides  
 
 

3.0

escitalopram 
class: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors  
 
 

7.8

etodolac 
class: nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents  
 
 

7.6

Feverall
generic name: acetaminophen class: miscellaneous analgesics  
 
 

10

fluconazole 
class: azole antifungals  
 
 

7.3

fluocinolone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

9.0

fluocinonide 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.4

fluorouracil 
class: topical antineoplastics  
 
 

7.7

flurandrenolide 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.8

fluticasone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

9.1

granisetron 
class: 5HT3 receptor antagonists  
 
 

8.8

halobetasol 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.2

hydrocortisone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.0

imiquimod 
class: topical anti-infectives, topical antineoplastics  
 
 

7.2

ketoconazole 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

7.5

ketoconazole 
class: azole antifungals  
 
 

7.6

Keveyis
generic name: dichlorphenamide class: carbonic anhydrase inhibitors N/A

lamotrigine 
class: triazine anticonvulsants  
 
 

8.2

levetiracetam 
class: pyrrolidine anticonvulsants  
 
 

6.6

levocetirizine 
class: antihistamines  
 
 

6.9

lidocaine 
class: topical anesthetics  
 
 

5.3

loratadine 
class: antihistamines  
 
 

6.1

malathion 
class: topical anti-infectives  
 
 

10

meprobamate 
class: miscellaneous anxiolytics, sedatives and hypnotics  
 
 

8.2

metronidazole 
class: topical anti-rosacea agents, vaginal anti-infectives  
 
 

6.9

miconazole 
class: topical antifungals, vaginal anti-infectives  
 
 

3.1

mometasone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

9.4

mupirocin 
class: topical antibiotics  
 
 

7.5

naftifine 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

10

nortriptyline 
class: tricyclic antidepressants  
 
 

7.6

nystatin 
class: mouth and throat products, polyenes  
 
 

8.1

nystatin 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

6.6

nystatin/triamcinolone 
class: topical steroids with anti-infectives  
 
 

9.1

ondansetron 
class: 5HT3 receptor antagonists  
 
 

8.3

oxcarbazepine 
class: dibenzazepine anticonvulsants  
 
 

7.9

oxymetazoline 
class: nasal antihistamines and decongestants  
 
 

6.0

phenytoin 
class: group I antiarrhythmics, hydantoin anticonvulsants  
 
 

6.8

promethazine 
class: antihistamines, phenothiazine antiemetics  
 
 

8.4

tazarotene 
class: topical antipsoriatics  
 
 

8.5

terbinafine 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

5.7

terconazole 
class: vaginal anti-infectives  
 
 

7.0

tolnaftate 
class: topical antifungals  
 
 

8.6

Topicort
generic name: desoximetasone class: topical steroids  
 
 

9.1

triamcinolone 
class: topical steroids  
 
 

8.3

Triple Antibiotic
generic name: bacitracin/neomycin/polymyxin b class: topical antibiotics  
 
 

8.5

Triple Antibiotic Plus
generic name: bacitracin/neomycin/polymyxin b/pramoxine class: topical antibiotics N/A

warfarin 
class: coumarins and indandiones  
 
 

7.6







 





Latest Drug Information Updates



Vosevi Vosevi (sofosbuvir / velpatasvir / voxilaprevir) is a single-tablet regimen for the treatment of adults with...Nerlynx Nerlynx (neratinib) is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the extended adjuvant treatment of patients with early...Tremfya Tremfya (guselkumab) is an interleukin-23 blocker indicated for the treatment of adult patients with...Bevyxxa Bevyxxa (betrixaban) is an oral, once-daily Factor Xa inhibitor anticoagulant for the extended-duration...Rituxan Hycela Rituxan Hycela (rituximab and hyaluronidase human) is a subcutaneous monoclonal antibody and hyaluronidase...Baxdela Baxdela (delafloxacin) is a fluoroquinolone antibacterial indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin... 
More drug information updates














Drugs.com Mobile Apps
The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices.
Explore Apps











Support

Help Center
Frequent Questions
Sitemap
Contact Us



About

About Drugs.com
Advertising Policy
Content Submissions
Drugs.com Blog



Terms & Privacy

Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy

Terms of Use
Attribution & Citations





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
YouTube 
RSS Feed 


Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published.




Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated July 5th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated July 13th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated July 5th, 2017) and  others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.








Third Party Advertising


We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here


Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved.









Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on GooglePlus
Email to a friend

Hide




























Taro Dream Inc.







































Taro Dream Inc.














 Take Time To Eat PoiA Hawaiian saying meaning, to slow down and enjoy life and health 



 FOOD CAN HEAL YOU A message from our founderNoeau tells the amazing true story about how Taro saved her daughters' life.When my youngest daughter Alexa was born, she was diagnosed with a life threatening illness that affected her digestive process. After exhausting every known medical treatment without success and watching my daughter’s condition worsen by the day, I remembered stories I had heard about Hawaiian mothers feeding Poi to their infants at an early age. I had previously lived in Hawaii for a number of years and, having used poi for myself and my older daughter’s food sensitivities, I arranged for Poi to be shipped to California where I was living.






Taro and Poi is believed by the Hawaiian people to have the greatest life force of all foods




For the next four years, Poi was the only food that my daughter would eat without having severe reactions. Alexa’s doctors were amazed at her sudden recovery and stated that they had many patients who were suffering from digestive disorders and could benefit from this food. I began to make the same formulas in my home kitchen and donated this life saving food to my doctor’s patients to determine if Poi had the potential to help others besides my daughter. My homemade formulas did, in fact, help many patients who either had celiac or crohn's diseases, digestive disorders or were suffering from malnutrition due to a lack of appetite as a consequence of surgery and/or the side effects of chemotherapy and radiation treatments.
 After studying with studying Hawaiian Herbal Medicine (Laau Lapaau) with Papa Henry Auwae, and attaining Papa’s blessing to bring this life giving, medicinal food to the world, I was determined to honor the cultural and historical practices of Native Hawaiians and began Taro Dream Inc.® in order to develop and promote the company's line of Hawaii Healing Food™ products  Sincerely,Pamela Noeau Day  Our RootsHawaii Healing Food™ was conceived from a mother’s love for her daughter. With the blessing of my mentor and teacher, Papa Henry Auwae, Kahuna Laau Lapaau, I assembled a team of like minded individuals and supporters with the intent of making Poi available to the world through our company Taro Dream Inc. Got Poi?The Hawaii Healing Food™ product line is delicious, low-allergenic, energy and nutrient dense and will help to address growing incidences of food allergies, celiac disease and many other health conditions.    Poi to the WorldThe mission of Taro Dream™  is to provide Poi to anyone interested in a healthy diet and to provide millions of people suffering from celiac and crohn's disease, food allergies and digestive disorders with exotic and  delicious, nutrient dense foods that have shown outstanding potential to serve the countless people in need of this potentially life-giving food.Company Story →Our Products →Our Future →

























 POI STORIESfrom the lives Taro Dream® has touched Personal Poi StoriesMy son Noah was born three months premature and was incubated and ventilator dependent for close to two years. Consequently, he has an oral aversion to feeding, gastroesophageal reflux, dysphagia, and generally does not like to eat (except when he is on systemic steroids).... We recently introduced Taro Dream® to his diet and since then, he has a new interest in eating. Noah has began to eat consistently and indicates when he wants to eat! We ran out of Taro Dream for 2-1/2 days and during that time he refused to eat anything. He began to eat again once we had more Taro Dream®.... I am a firm believer that Taro Dream® has stimulated his appetite and more importantly, his interest in eating. Noah will only eat pureed baby food, but combined with the Taro Dream® he will eat willingly and several times a day. I am grateful that Taro Dream® is an alternative; something that I can offer my son that has no added sugars, is nutritious and is real food.... Mahalo Taro Dream, for providing Noah with food that is yummy, digestible, and appealing to him! —Sissy SosnerProfessional TestimonialsAs medical professionals, we fully appreciate the need for such a wholesome, nutritional product for health promotion and illness management. Nutrition is one of the most important, yet least understood areas of health care. I fully recognize the need for a nutritional product which patients can easily tolerate.  Some of the most common symptoms experienced by cancer patients include nausea, vomiting, poor appetite, fatigue, and weight loss (all of which contribute to malnutrition and subsequently have a negative impact on the immune system and well being). Taro Dream® has the potential to significantly impact these symptoms and improve QOL in cancer patients. The fact that Taro Dream® is highly digestible, low in allergens, high in phytonutrients, makes it ideal for the cancer population, as well as patients with numerous other health conditions.—Leslie Tuchmann, MSN, RN, CNS, AHN-BC, AOCN, Mark Raterink, MD.

More Poi Stories
















Hawaii Taro Company, Inc.                                                                                                - Haiku                                             , HI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



HI



Haiku



Frozen Specialties, Nec



Frozen Specialties, Nec



                            Hawaii Taro Company, Inc.
                                    



 





















H 


Hawaii Taro Company, Inc.                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



375 W KUIAHA RD STE 63 HAIKU, HI 96708
Get Directions



(808) 214-6362
www.hawaiitaro.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $76,684.00
 Employee Count 10
 Industries Frozen Specialties, Nec
 Contacts Robert Mitnick                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Hawaii Taro Company, Inc.                                                                                                was founded in 2001, and is located at 375 W Kuiaha Rd Ste 63 in Haiku. Additional information is available at www.hawaiitaro.com                                                                                       or by contacting Robert Mitnick                                                                                                           at (808) 214-6362. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














     TARO Company Profile & Executives - Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. - Wall Street Journal                                  DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21830.31 0.15%        S&P 500 ▲  2472.10 -0.13%        Nasdaq ▲  6374.68 -0.12%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  6/32 yield 2.292%        Crude Oil ▲  49.79 1.53%        Euro ▲  1.1751 0.63%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 28, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In             Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. TARO (U.S.: NYSE)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 4:02 PM EDT 07/28/17     $115.91 USD     1.32 1.15%     Volume 36,119      AFTER HOURS 4:00 PM EDT 07/28/17    $116.00   0.09 0.08%    AFTER HOURS Vol 29      Volume 36,119     65 Day Avg Vol 71,571     1 Day Range 113.66 - 115.92     52 Week Range 92.28 - 146.89 (11/03/16 - 08/08/16)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Health Care/Life Sciences      Compare to    Add          Open  113.66   Prior Close  114.59 (07/26/17)     1 Day    TARO 1.15%     DJIA 0.15%     S&P 500 -0.13%     Health Care/Life Sciences 0.00%                             Overview Profile     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Company Info Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.        14 Hakitor Street Haifa Bay HA 2624761 Israel   Website Map       Employees  1,413    Sector  Pharmaceuticals      Sales or Revenue  879.39 M    Industry  Health Care/Life Sciences      1Y Sales Change   -7.51%     Fiscal Year Ends  March 31 Download Reports                      Description Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.      Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. engages in the development, manufacturing, and marketing of prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products in the U.S., Canada, and Israel. Its products are used for dermatological and topical, cardiovascular, neuropsychiatric, and anti-inflammatory therapeutic categories. It offers semi-solids formulations such as creams and ointments; and other dosage forms including liquids, capsules, and tablets. The company was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Haifa Bay, Israel.    expand             Key People Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.   Board of Directors    Name/Title Current Board Membership          Dilip Shantilal Shanghvi, 60  Chairman   Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Sun Pharma Advanced Research Co. Ltd., Taro Development Corp., Sun Pharma de Mèxico SA de CV, Taro Pharmaceutical Laboratories, Inc., Taro Pharmaceuticals North America, Inc., Taro Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., SPIL de Mexico SA de CV, Shantilal Shanghvi Foundation, Taro Research Institute Ltd., Alfa Infraprop Pvt Ltd., Aditya Thermal Energy Pvt Ltd., Sun Petrochemicals Pvt Ltd., Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.      Linda Ben Shoshan, 52  Director   Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.      Abhay Gandhi,   Director   Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.      James Kedrowski, 65  Director   Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Taro Pharmaceuticals, Inc.      Sudhir Vrundavandas Valia, 60  Director   Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Taro International Ltd., Sun Global Canada Pty Ltd., Taro Pharmaceuticals Canada Ltd., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Europe BV, Alkaloida Chemical Co. Exclusive Group Ltd., Lakshadeep Investment & Finance Pvt Ltd., Minaxi Fiscal Services Pvt Ltd., Eklavya Securities Ltd., Suraksha Realty Ltd., Krishna Vrundavan Pratishthan, Karad Chemicals & Allied Products Pvt Ltd., Sejraj Financial Services Pvt Ltd., Aditya Acquisition Co. Ltd., Taro Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., Taro Pharmaceuticals North America, Inc., Taro Development Corp., Sun Pharma de Mèxico SA de CV, SPIL de Mexico SA de CV, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Inc., Morley & Co., Inc., Nisha Capital Services Pvt Ltd., Universal Enterprises Ltd., Aditya Thermal Energy Pvt Ltd., Alfa Infraprop Pvt Ltd., Shantilal Shanghvi Foundation, Sun Petrochemicals Pvt Ltd., Sun Pharmaceuticals Corp., Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Sun Pharma Advanced Research Co. Ltd.      Dov Pekelman, 76  Independent Director   IDC Corp., Gilon Investments 1979 Ltd., Atera Networks Ltd., The Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya, Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Enzymotec Ltd.      Dan Biran, 74  Independent Statutory External Director   Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.      Ilana Avidov-Mor, 65  Independent Statutory External Director   Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.       expand    All Executives     Dilip Shantilal Shanghvi Chairman     Uday Vijaykumar Baldota Chief Executive Officer     Itamar Karsenti Vice President & Operations Head-Haifa     Mariano Balaguer VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer     Avi Avramoff Global Vice President-Research & Development     Michael Perfetto Chief Commercial Officer-Generic Rx Business     Mariana Bacalu Group Vice President-Quality Affairs     Michael Teiler Group Vice President-Portfolio Management     Stephen Manzano Secretary, Group Vice President & General Counsel     Itzik Baruch Vice President-Technical Services     Sharon Adler Vice President-Finance     Linda Ben Shoshan Director     Abhay Gandhi Director     James Kedrowski Director     Sudhir Vrundavandas Valia Director     Jeffrey Holm Executive Director-Sales & Operations     Michele Visosky Group Vice President-Human Resources     Dov Pekelman Independent Director     Dan Biran Independent Statutory External Director     Ilana Avidov-Mor Independent Statutory External Director      expand         Advertisement            Average Growth Rates Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.   Past Five Years Ending 03/31/2017 (Fiscal Year)     Revenue  +6.21%    Net Income  +14.16%    Earnings Per Share  +17.12%      Capital Spending  +49.95%    Gross Margin  +79.39%    Cash Flow  +13.60%             Insider Trading Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.   Transaction SummaryTotal Insider Purchases and Sales Reported to the SEC Data not available.   Data not available.           Ownership Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.    Mutual Funds that own TARO     Name Shares Held % Shares Out Change In Shares % of Assets As of Date         Matthews India Fund 759,400 1.87% 0 4.16% 03/31/17   Fidelity Series Intrinsic Opportunities Fund 240,000 0.59% +83,392 0.35% 04/30/17   Government Pension Fund - Global (The) 231,419 0.57% +231,419 0.00% 12/31/16   Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP (Global Equity Portfolio) 220,428 0.54% +220,428 0.01% 12/31/16   Carmignac Emergents 115,888 0.29% +115,888 0.94% 03/31/17   Fidelity Northstar Fund 100,000 0.25% +25,000 0.16% 05/31/17   iShares MSCI EAFE ETF 85,171 0.21% 0 0.01% 06/29/17   City National Rochdale Emerging Markets Fund 79,669 0.20% 0 0.75% 03/31/17   SEB Läkemedelsfond 71,800 0.18% 0 0.68% 09/30/16   Schroder Institutional QEP Global Active Value Fund 69,070 0.17% -6,509 0.23% 03/31/17      expand      Institutions that own TARO     Name Shares Held % Shares Out Change In Shares % of Assets As of Date         Matthews International Capital Management LLC 808,200 2.00% 0 0.34% 03/31/17   Schroder Investment Management Ltd. 622,863 1.54% -81,100 0.05% 03/31/17   BlackRock Fund Advisors 342,630 0.85% +1,599 0.00% 03/31/17   Fidelity Management & Research Co. 325,157 0.80% +90,157 0.00% 03/31/17   Renaissance Technologies LLC 306,200 0.76% -241,400 0.05% 03/31/17   Norges Bank Investment Management 231,419 0.57% +231,419 0.00% 12/31/16   APG Asset Management NV 222,700 0.55% -8,600 0.02% 06/30/17   SSgA Funds Management, Inc. 211,226 0.52% +5,214 0.00% 03/31/17   Fort LP 175,257 0.43% +17,673 4.90% 03/31/17   Carmignac Gestion SA 164,428 0.41% -97,259 0.08% 03/31/17      expand              Overview Profile    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                 

































Contact Us
|
Site Map


Taro.com



                     



Site Search























Taro International






Corporate Info






Welcome Message





Company History





FAQs






Taro Worldwide








Products






Product Guide





API








Business Area






Business Inquiries








Contact Us








Welcome MessageCompany HistoryFAQsCorporate InfoTaro WorldwideTaro InternationalProduct GuideAPIProductsBusiness InquiriesBusiness AreaContact Us














 




International Product Listing






Taro’s prescription and over-the-counter medications are used primarily in dermatology, cardiology, pediatrics and neurology. For the complete Taro product line, please refer to our Product Listing:
Product Listing Brochure The Product Listing contains finished dosage form products offered by the Taro Group. The product listing is organized according to product therapeutic area and its availability in different markets. For a list of active pharmaceutical ingredients please refer to the API page. 

Products are available either under Taro’s label or private label, depending on order quantities. For further information on sizes, strengths and packaging, or active pharmaceutical ingredients, please contact your Taro International representative.





2010-2015 Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. All Rights Reserved




Privacy Statement

			  |  
		

Terms of Use

			  |  
		

Safe Harbor Statement










