

Disclosures
















 Home 

 About 

 Our Tartan Symbols 

 About Tartan Capital Advisors

 About Tartan Funds, LLC 

 About Tartan Fund Management, LLC 


Tartan Affiliates

 Tartan Capital Advisors, LLC

 Tartan Fund Management, LLC 


 Funds 

Series I - Venture Capital Fund 

 Series II - Lending and Real Estate Fund

 Series III - Financial Services Focus Fund 

 Login to Your Account 

 Create Your Account 


 News 


 The Tartan Capital Investor Newsletter 


 Contact 

Contact Us 

 Disclosures 






 Contact 
 Disclosures 
 Privacy Policy  




Disclosures
	
			          This site has been designed for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, which may be referenced upon the site. Such
offers can only be made where lawful under applicable law. The services and information provided
through this site are for personal, non-commercial use and display. 
TARTAN FUND
MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC do not intend to provide
investment advice through this site and does not represent that the securities or services discussed
are suitable for any investor. Investors are advised not to rely on any information contained in the
site in the process of making a fully informed investment decision. TARTAN FUND
MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC do not, and this site does
not intend to render tax or legal advice.

          
This site has been published in the United States for residents of the United States. This site
in not intended for use by, or to provide any information to, investors, outside of the United States.
Investors outside of the United States are subject to securities and tax regulations within their
applicable jurisdictions that are not addressed on this site. No security, investment advisory service,
or other product or service will be offered or sold in any jurisdiction in which such offer or
solicitation, purchase or sale, would be contrary to the securities laws or other local laws and
regulation. U.S. investors should be advised that not all investments discussed on this site might be
available in all states. 

News, views, opinions, recommendations and other information obtained
from sources outside of TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL
ADVISORS LLC are believed to be reliable, but we cannot guarantee their accuracy or
completeness. All such information is subject to change at any time without notice.

          
The accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the information contained on this site cannot
be guaranteed. TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS
LLC do not warrant, guarantee or make any representations, or assume any liability with regard to
financial results based on the use of the information in the site.

TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC
are not liable for any harm caused by the transmission, through accessing the services or information
on this site, of a computer virus, or other computer code or programming device that might be used
to access, delete, damage, disable, disrupt or otherwise impede in any manner, the operation of the
site or of any user’s software, hardware, data or property.

          
The use of this web site is at your own risk. TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and
TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC believe that it offers users a system over the Internet.
Users accept at their own risk that the Internet communications medium may not perform as intended
despite the best efforts of TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL
ADVISORS LLC, including their network service providers, the customer’s Internet service
provider, and the customer.

          
“Hypertext links” and /or “hyperlinks” to or from other Internet sites may be introduced at
times as a convenience to the user. TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN
CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC assume no responsibility for the content of any linked site. The fact
that such links may exist does not indicate approval or endorsement of any material contained on any
linked site.

          
All business with TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL
ADVISORS LLC is conducted based on written agreements between the customer and TARTAN
FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC. These agreements
are the only contractual relationship between TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and
TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC and its clients/investors and the terms of those agreements
are binding on both parties. No other representation, whether made in person, verbally, written or
on-line electronically in written, graphical or verbal communication may change the terms of those
agreements.

          
All customer requests accepted by TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and
TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC are considered unsolicited. TARTAN FUND
MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS LLC reserves the right to decline
accounts and orders at its discretion.


          
Third Party Information/Links - By accessing other web sites through links provided by
Preferred, you agree that any opinions or recommendations expressed are solely those of the
independent providers and are not the opinions or recommendations of Preferred. This information
has been prepared by third parties. This information should not be considered either a
recommendation by TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC or a solicitation of any offer to
purchase or sell any securities. 

Neither TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC nor any
information provider guarantees that the information accessible is accurate, complete or timely, nor
are any warranties made to you regarding any results from using the information. By accessing or
using the information, you agree to the terms of this agreement.


          
The information contained on this web site does not constitute a disclosure document for a
private investment company, commodity pool or a commodity trading program. The information
contained on this web site does not and is not constitutes an offer to sell securities or any interest in
any private investment company, commodity pool or trading program or a solicitation for offers to
buy securities of or any interest in any private investment company, commodity pool or any
commodity trading program and is not to be construed as an offer to sell securities or any interest
in any private investment company, commodity pool or trading program or a solicitation for offers
to buy securities of or any interest in any private investment company, commodity pool or any
commodity trading program. The investment in any fund or program can only be made pursuant to
the private offering memorandum or other disclosure document, the delivery of which has been
authorized by TARTAN FUND MANAGEMENT, LLC and TARTAN CAPITAL ADVISORS
LLC.


PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.
				


Next Steps

Complex Markets.Clear Solutions.




Copyright © 2017 Tartan Funds, LLC
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Create an Account
Login to Your Account







About Tartan Fund Management
















 Home 

 About 

 Our Tartan Symbols 

 About Tartan Capital Advisors

 About Tartan Funds, LLC 

 About Tartan Fund Management, LLC 


Tartan Affiliates

 Tartan Capital Advisors, LLC

 Tartan Fund Management, LLC 


 Funds 

Series I - Venture Capital Fund 

 Series II - Lending and Real Estate Fund

 Series III - Financial Services Focus Fund 

 Login to Your Account 

 Create Your Account 


 News 


 The Tartan Capital Investor Newsletter 


 Contact 

Contact Us 

 Disclosures 






Our Tartan Symbols
About Tartan Capital Advisors
About Tartan Funds




About Tartan Fund Management
	
	Tartan Fund Management, LLC is a Nevada limited liability company responsible for management of the Tartan Fund.
			Tartan Fund Management, LLC is responsible for the overall allocation of the Tartan Fund assets 
			to individual investment programs through individual series.
			Tartan Fund has delegated the portfolio management of all of the fund’s underlying series to it’s affiliated investment advisor, 
			Tartan Capital Advisors, LLC.

			


Next Steps

Complex Markets.Clear Solutions.




Copyright © 2017 Tartan Funds, LLC
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Create an Account
Login to Your Account






TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II
List of persons related to the company TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II.

CIK Number: 0001685415IRS Number: 474768033Company address: 170 S. GREEN VALLEY PARKWAY  SUITE 30  HENDERSON 89012Phone number: (702) 202-3059



People related to TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II
NamePositionStreetCityCountryHam  Richard170 South Green Valley Parkway Suite 30 HendersonNV




TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II on the Web
Related companiesTartan Companies, LLC, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES III, Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York, Tartan Pines Development Co., Inc.












 








TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I  Funding details


TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001685418IRS Number: 474762936Address: 170 S. GREEN VALLEY PARKWAY  SUITE 300  HENDERSON 89012Phone number: (702) 326-0826



TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-17New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$250,000006c[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I
Key People in TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I:

Richard Ham
Similar companiesTartan Pines Development Co., Inc., Tartan Companies, LLC, Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES III








Last visited companies: ADAPTIVEARC INC, AIP Select Mortgage Fund LP, AQR Diversified Futures Fund, L.P., AQR GRP EL Fund, LP, GAI Mesirow Insight Fund, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York  Funding details


Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York Industry: OtherCIK Number: 0001634159IRS Number: 472880655Address: 98 HILLRISE DRIVE  PENFIELD 14526Phone number: 585-260-0724



Latest news
Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York raised $600,000 from 5 investors on 2015-04-17.



Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2015-04-17Amended Form D$600,000$600,0000$100,000506b[SEC Filing]2015-03-10New Form D$600,000Yet To Sell$600,000$100,000006b[SEC Filing]
Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York raised $600,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York
Key People in Tartan Holdings, LLC\New York:

Benjamin BurtonMary RichardsonThomas WeberMichael DoyleWarren Hern
Similar companiesTartan Pines Development Co., Inc., Tartan Companies, LLC, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES I, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES II, TARTAN FUNDS LLC-SERIES III








Last visited companies: DMS Holding, LLC, Direct Leased Properties, LLC, EBS CONVERTIBLE FUND I LP, Eat Here Brands LLC, Eat Here Brands LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.























Clan Event Fund Recipients Announced | ScotClans | Scottish Clans




































































 





















 log in my account 
 register 
 site map 
 contact us 












select your currencyBritish PoundEuroU.S. DollarCanadian DollarDanish KroneNorwegian KroneSwedish KroneSwiss FrancJapanese YenNew Zealand DollarAustralian DollarChinese RBNSouth Africa Rand








Your basket
is empty
Checkout 






Home
Tartan & Clan Shop


SCOTTISH CLOTHING

Scottish Mens Clothing 
Scottish Ladies Clothing 
Scottish Childrens Clothing 

CLAN CREST ITEMS  

Clan Crest Badges  
Mens Accessories  
Ladies Accessories  
view all Clan Crest items ...  



SCOTTISH HOMES  

Soft furnishings  
Scottish Ornaments  
more ...

MATERIAL & CRAFTS  

Tartan  
Tartan Ribbon  
Tartan Swatches  
more ... 



JEWELLERY  

Scottish Mens Jewellery  
Scottish Ladies Jewellery  
Scottish Childrens Jewellery  

BOOKS, MUSIC &AMP; LEISURE  

Scottish Music  
Scottish Books  
Scottish Videos & DVDs  
more ...  



SCOTTISH GIFTS  

Scottish Gifts for Women  
Scottish Gifts for Men  
Scottish Weddings   
more ... 

SALE  

view all sale items...  

SEASONAL  

view all seasonal items...  



 
THE KILT STORE  

Gents Kilts  
Ladies Kilts  
Kids Kilts  
Kilt Accessories  




The Kiltmakery

Scottish Clans & Families


SCOTTISH CLANS  

 Scottish Clans A-Z  

WHAT'S MY CLAN?  

Septs A-Z  
Clan Map  
Clan FAQ  



TARTANS  

What Tartan can I wear?  
Popular Wedding Tartans  
District Tartans  
Tartan FAQ  



CLAN MAP  
THE CLAN SYSTEM  
SCOTCLANS WORKING WITH CLAN SOCIETIES & ORGANISATION  
RESOURCES  

Clans FAQ  




Scotland's Story



SCOTTISH HISTORY TIMELINES  

Prehistoric Scotland  
Ancient Timeline  
Medieval Timeline  
Renaissance Timeline  
Scottish Unification  
Jacobite Scotland  
Modern Scotland Timeline  



MYTHS & LEGENDS  

 Symbolic Scotland  
Jacobite Legends  
Supernatural Scotland  
Religious Legends  
Royal Legends  
Scottish Monsters  
Scottish Heroes & Villains  



SCOTCLANS PODCASTS  
ON THIS DAY IN SCOTLAND  
KINGS AND QUEENS  
VISIT SCOTLAND  
GALLERIES  
OUTLANDER  



Tracing your Scottish Ancestry


GENEALOGY  

Tracing your Roots  
DNA Demystified  

RESOURCES  

 Clan Societies  
Clan Chiefs & Representatives  



HERALDRY  

Introduction to Heraldry  
Rules of Heraldry  
How does Heraldry work?  
Heraldic Law  
Achieving a Coat of Arms ‎ 
more... ‎ 



ANCESTRAL LANDS

Making the most out of visiting your Ancestral Land  
Ancestral Tours  
Highland Games  
Clan Map  >
more... ‎ 




Bletherskite











go


septs A-Z 










go


clans A-Z 




 





go





 
Home  /  CLANS - Big List of Scottish Clans  /  Clan Event Fund Recipients Announced 
Clan Event Fund Recipients Announced
Posted on February 14, 2014  by    in CLANS - Big List of Scottish Clans, Hay, Lamont, MacDougall, MacGregor, MacLachlan, MacLaren, MacThomas, moffat, Munro, Robertson, Scottish Events, Scottish News  with 
1 Comment

Recipients of the Scottish Government’s Clan Event Fund were announced today, with over £26,000 in funding awarded to clan events as part of 2014 Homecoming Scotland celebrations.
Enterprise and Tourism Minister Fergus Ewing announced that all ten applicants to the fund have been offered grants to support the staging of clan events across the country. In October last year the £200,000 fund was put in place to provide support for activities promoting clan tourism outside of Edinburgh and Galsgow over the next three years. Such events are a major attraction to the hundreds of thousands from across the globe who visit Scotland to explore their ancestry.
The 2014 recipients are:

Clan Munro Association – 10th International Clan Munro Gathering.
Foulis Castle, Evanton. Awarded £5000.
Clan Lachlan Gathering & Strathlachlan Community Festival.
Castle Lachlan, Strathlachlan. Awarded £5000.
MacDougall of Dunollie Preservation Trust – Clan MacDougall International Gathering 2014.
Dunollie House plus various local locations. Oban, Argyll. Awarded £5000.
Clan MacThomas Society – 2014 Diamond Jubilee Gathering.
Perth and Kinross, Pitlochry/Glenshee/Kirkmichael. Awarded £1070.
Clan Gregor Society – International Clan Gregor Gathering 2014.
Based at Stirling University then at Dalmally, Argyllshire. Awarded £1750.
Clan MacLaren – Clan MacLaren at the Lochearnhead Highland Games and Gathering.
Balquhidder and Strathyre. Awarded £1000.
Clan Hay Society – Tartan Ties 2014.
Stirling and Aberdeen. Awarded £2500.
Clan Lamont Society – Clan Lamont Family Fun Day.
Toward Castle, Dunoon. Awarded £3000.
Clan Moffat UK – Clan Moffat International Gathering.
Moffat. Awarded £1000.
Clan Donnachaidh – Society Gathering.
Killiecrankie Hall, Pitlochry, and Clan Centre at Bruar. Awarded £1000.

Mr Ewing said he was delighted to announce the initial allocation of funding, saying clan events generate income and provide a colourful spectacle in communities where they take place. He said: “This is the year that Scotland gives a warm welcome to visitors from around the world as we showcase the history and traditions of Scottish Clans during our second year of Homecoming.”
“Not only will the Scottish Clan Event Fund help support activities during this year’s celebrations, but will also provide a legacy by supporting Clan events through to our planned Year of History, Heritage and Archaeology in 2017.”
Tagged Fergus EwingHomecoming 2014Scottish Clan Event FundScottish Government 

Tweet 

Related Posts
Scottish Register of Tartans Criticised MacNeil Land Claims on Barra and Vatersay Islands Government Announces Clan Event Fund Glasgow’s New Church Is Going To Be Rubbish 

One thought on “Clan Event Fund Recipients Announced”




Jill Stark Albright January 19, 2017 at 3:21 am 

I would love to visit Scotland for Highland games. My last name is Stark and
I understand I am part of the Robertson clan. Where wil these be held in 2017?


Reply ↓ 




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 



Search information




blog categoriesblog categories
Select Category
CLANS – Big List of Scottish Clans  (319)
   Abercrombie  (1)
   Abernethy  (1)
   Adair  (1)
   Adam  (1)
   Agnew  (3)
   Aikenhead  (1)
   Ainslie  (1)
   Aiton  (1)
   Allardice  (1)
   Anderson  (3)
   Anstruther  (1)
   Arbuthnot  (1)
   Armstrong  (12)
   Arnott  (1)
   Auchinleck  (1)
   Baillie  (1)
   Baird  (2)
   Balfour  (1)
   Bannatyne  (1)
   Bannerman  (1)
   Barclay  (2)
   Baxter  (1)
   Bell  (3)
   Belshes  (1)
   Bethune  (1)
   Beveridge  (1)
   Binning  (1)
   Bisset  (1)
   Blackadder  (1)
   Blackstock  (1)
   Blair  (1)
   Blane  (1)
   Blyth  (1)
   Borthwick  (1)
   Boswell  (1)
   Boyd  (3)
   Boyle  (3)
   Brisbane  (1)
   Brodie  (1)
   Broun  (2)
   Bruce  (9)
   Buchan  (2)
   Buchanan  (2)
   Burness  (2)
   Burnett  (2)
   Butter  (1)
   Byres  (1)
   Cairns  (1)
   Calder  (1)
   Caldwell  (1)
   Callender  (1)
   Cameron  (7)
   Campbell  (24)
   Campbell of Cawdor  (1)
   Carmichael  (6)
   Carnegie  (1)
   Carruthers  (1)
   Cathcart  (1)
   Chalmers  (2)
   Charteris  (1)
   Chattan  (4)
   Cheyne  (1)
   Chisholm  (1)
   Clelland  (1)
   Clephane  (1)
   Cochrane  (1)
   Cockburn  (2)
   Colquhoun  (1)
   Colville  (1)
   Congilton  (1)
   Cooper  (1)
   Craig  (1)
   Cranstoun  (1)
   Crawford  (1)
   Crichton  (2)
   Crosbie  (1)
   Cumming  (4)
   Cunningham  (3)
   Currie  (4)
   Dalmahoy  (1)
   Dalrymple  (1)
   Dalziel  (3)
   Darroch  (1)
   Davidson  (1)
   Denniston  (1)
   Dewar  (1)
   Dixon  (1)
   Don  (1)
   Douglas  (14)
   Drummond  (1)
   Dunbar  (2)
   Duncan  (1)
   Dundas  (2)
   Dunlop  (1)
   Durie  (1)
   Edmonstone  (1)
   Elliot  (8)
   Elphinstone  (1)
   Erskine  (3)
   Ewing  (1)
   Fairlie  (1)
   falconer  (1)
   Farquharson  (5)
   Fenton  (1)
   Fergusson  (3)
   Fleming  (4)
   Fletcher  (1)
   Forbes  (5)
   Forrester  (2)
   Forsyth  (1)
   Fotheringham  (1)
   Fraser  (11)
   Fullarton  (1)
   Galbraith  (1)
   Galloway  (1)
   Garden  (1)
   Gartshore  (1)
   Ged  (1)
   Gibbs  (1)
   Gillon  (1)
   Glas  (1)
   Glen  (1)
   Glendinning  (1)
   Gordon  (7)
   Gow  (2)
   Graham  (5)
   Grant  (1)
   Gray  (1)
   Grewar  (1)
   Grierson  (3)
   Gunn  (10)
   Guthrie  (1)
   Haig  (1)
   Haldane  (1)
   Haliburton  (1)
   Halkerston  (1)
   Halkett  (1)
   Hamilton  (7)
   Hannay  (2)
   Hay  (5)
   Henderson  (3)
   Hepburn  (2)
   Heron  (1)
   Herries  (1)
   Hog  (1)
   Home  (3)
   Hope  (1)
   Hopkirk  (1)
   Horsburgh  (1)
   Houston  (1)
   Hume  (6)
   Hunter  (3)
   Hutton  (2)
   Inglis  (2)
   Innes  (1)
   Irvine  (2)
   Irving  (3)
   Jardine  (1)
   Johnstone  (5)
   Keith  (3)
   Kelly  (1)
   Kennedy  (3)
   Kerr  (2)
   Kincaid  (3)
   Kinloch  (1)
   Kinnaird  (1)
   Kinnear  (1)
   Kinnimont  (1)
   Kirkcaldy  (1)
   Laing  (1)
   Lammie  (1)
   Lamont  (4)
   Langlands  (1)
   Learmonth  (1)
   Leask  (1)
   Lennox  (1)
   Leslie  (4)
   Lindsay  (4)
   Little  (1)
   Livingstone  (2)
   Lockhart  (2)
   Logan  (2)
   Logie  (1)
   Lumsden  (1)
   Lundin  (1)
   Lyle  (2)
   lyon  (5)
   Mac Leod of Lewis  (2)
   MacAlister  (3)
   MacAlpine  (1)
   MacArthur  (3)
   MacAulay  (2)
   MacBain  (1)
   MacBean  (1)
   MacBrayne  (1)
   MacCallum  (1)
   MacColl  (1)
   MacDonald  (35)
   MacDonald of Clanranald  (7)
   MacDonald of Sleat  (2)
   MacDonnell  (1)
   MacDougall  (7)
   MacDowall  (1)
   MacDuff  (1)
   MacEwen  (1)
   MacFarlane  (3)
   MacGillivray  (1)
   MacGregor  (20)
   MacInnes  (1)
   MacIntosh  (4)
   MacIntyre  (2)
   MacKay  (9)
   MacKenzie  (16)
   Mackie  (1)
   MacKinnon  (5)
   MacKintosh  (4)
   MacLachlan  (7)
   MacLaine  (1)
   MacLaren  (8)
   MacLea  (1)
   MacLean  (12)
   MacLellan  (2)
   MacLennan  (1)
   MacLeod  (16)
   MacMhuirich  (2)
   MacMillan  (2)
   Macnab  (12)
   MacNaughton  (3)
   MacNeacail  (3)
   MacNeil  (9)
   MacNeil of Barra  (5)
   MacPhee  (3)
   MacPherson  (3)
   MacQuarrie  (1)
   MacQueen  (1)
   MacRae  (3)
   MacTavish  (1)
   MacThomas  (3)
   Maitland  (1)
   Makgill  (1)
   Malcolm  (1)
   Mar  (1)
   Marjoribanks  (2)
   Masterton  (1)
   Matheson  (1)
   Maule  (1)
   Maxton  (1)
   Maxwell  (6)
   McCorquodale  (1)
   McCulloch  (1)
   McGeachie  (1)
   McIver  (1)
   McKerrell  (1)
   Meikle  (2)
   Meldrum  (1)
   Melville  (2)
   Menzies  (1)
   Mercer  (1)
   Middleton  (3)
   moffat  (3)
   Moncrieffe  (1)
   Moncur  (1)
   Monteith  (1)
   Montgomery  (6)
   More  (1)
   Morrison  (1)
   Mouat  (1)
   Moubray  (1)
   Mow  (1)
   Muirhead  (1)
   Munro  (10)
   Murray  (10)
   Murray of Atholl  (4)
   Nairn  (1)
   Napier  (2)
   Nesbitt  (1)
   Newlands  (1)
   Newton  (1)
   Nicolson  (3)
   Norvel  (1)
   Ochterlony  (1)
   Ogilvie  (2)
   Oliphant  (2)
   Orrock  (1)
   Paisley  (1)
   Paterson  (1)
   Pennycook  (1)
   Pentland  (1)
   Peter  (1)
   Pitblado  (1)
   Pitcairn  (1)
   Pollock  (1)
   Polwarth  (1)
   Preston  (2)
   Primrose  (1)
   Pringle  (3)
   Purves  (1)
   Rait  (1)
   Ralston  (1)
   Ramsay  (1)
   Rattray  (1)
   Renton  (1)
   Riddell  (1)
   Roberton  (1)
   Robertson  (7)
   Rollo  (1)
   Rose  (3)
   Ross  (5)
   Rossie  (1)
   Russell  (1)
   Rutherford  (1)
   Ruthven  (1)
   Sandilands  (1)
   Schaw  (1)
   Scott  (8)
   Scrymgeour  (1)
   Sempill  (4)
   Seton  (3)
   Shaw  (1)
   Sinclair  (11)
   Skene  (2)
   Skirving  (1)
   Smith  (1)
   Somerville  (1)
   Spalding  (1)
   Spens  (1)
   Spottiswood  (1)
   Stewart  (16)
   Stewart of Appin  (1)
   Stirling  (1)
   Strachan  (1)
   Straiton  (1)
   Strange  (1)
   Stuart of Bute  (2)
   Sutherland  (5)
   Swinton  (2)
   Tait  (1)
   Taylor  (3)
   Tennant  (1)
   Trotter  (1)
   Troup  (1)
   Turnbull  (2)
   Udney  (1)
   Urquhart  (4)
   Vans  (1)
   Walkinshaw  (1)
   Wallace  (4)
   Wardlaw  (1)
   Watson  (2)
   Wauchope  (1)
   Wedderburn  (1)
   Weir  (2)
   Wemyss  (1)
   Whiteford  (1)
   Whitelaw  (1)
   Wishart  (1)
   Wood  (2)
   Young  (2)
James II  (1)
People  (4)
   Sir Walter Scott  (3)
ScotClans Shop  (30)
   Kilts!  (18)
Scottish Diaspora  (40)
   Watching Scotland  (16)
Scottish Events  (86)
   Highland Games  (12)
   Scottish Adventure  (24)
   Scottish Sport  (7)
   Scottish Travel  (9)
   Scottish Weddings  (7)
Scottish Food and Drink  (8)
Scottish Heraldry  (10)
Scottish History  (221)
   Ancient Scotland  (3)
   Bronze Age  (1)
   Covenanters  (2)
   Gaelic Heritage  (37)
   Genealogy  (18)
   Highland Clearances  (11)
   Iron Age – Celts  (1)
   Neolithic Farmers and Monument Builders  (2)
   Picts  (6)
   Picts and Romans  (1)
   Scotland’s Medieval History  (1)
   Scottish Kings and Queens  (35)
      House of Alpin  (2)
         Constantine II  (1)
      House of Bruce  (8)
         Robert I  (7)
      House of Canmore  (6)
         Alexander I  (1)
         Alexander III  (3)
         Malcolm III  (2)
      House of Stewart  (22)
         James I  (7)
         James II  (3)
         James III  (1)
         James IV  (6)
         James V  (2)
         James VI  (10)
         Mary I  (4)
         Robert II  (2)
         Robert III  (1)
   Scottish Regiments  (8)
   ‎The First Hunter Gatherers  (2)
   Vikings  (7)
Scottish Humour  (54)
Scottish Music  (10)
Scottish Myths  (90)
   Scottish Hauntings  (15)
   Scottish Mystery  (14)
Scottish Nature  (42)
Scottish News  (253)
   Gathering  (9)
   Independence  (11)
   Tartan News  (34)
Scottish Places & Buildings  (79)
   Aberdeen  (2)
   Arbroath  (1)
   Ayrshire  (2)
   Castles  (7)
   Dumfries  (2)
   Dundee  (2)
   Edinburgh  (25)
   Fort William  (1)
   Forth Bridge  (3)
   Glasgow  (1)
   Highlands  (2)
   Inverness  (4)
   Lewis and Harris  (4)
   Ross and Cromarty  (2)
   Scottish Cities  (6)
   Shetland Islands  (3)
   St Kilda  (3)
   Stirling  (2)
   The Borders  (9)
Scottish Politics  (16)
Tartan  (2)
Uncategorized  (7)


   
SubscribeSubscribe to get updates!




   
From our Scottish ShopClan Crest Fridge Magnet£4.49 inc VAT£3.60 inc VAT More info »Pocket Square Handkerchief£11.99 inc VAT More info »Clan Crest One Pint Pewter Tankard£44.99 inc VAT More info »Saltire Cufflinks£37.99 inc VAT More info »Bagpipe Kilt Pin£31.49 inc VAT More info »Comments on Bletherskite – our blogKate on The Story Behind the Crest: Clan StewartMichelle L Start on The Death March to DurhamPat McIntosh on Ebenezer MacIntosh and The Stamp Act Protests 1765Carla Smart on Macnab of Macnab – Scotland’s Newest ChiefKenneth Gilchriest on Clans to take part in the Edinburgh Military Tattoo in Augustsocial 
Popular Posts 
End To Buying a Fake Scottish Title?February 23, 2011How to Relocate to ScotlandNovember 11, 2016Royal Stewart Descendents Alive and WellFebruary 5, 2014Left Handed Clan Kerr and The Reverse Spiral StaircaseSeptember 15, 2015Clan Donnachaidh‎ (Robertson) Estate up for SaleJuly 25, 2013The Thompson’s CurseMay 2, 2009Chief of Clan Kennedy, Marquis of Ailsa Dies SuddenlyJanuary 16, 2015‘Outlander’ Set For The Small ScreenJune 6, 2013 Most Recent Blogs 
 











Wholesale:
Find out about buying wholesale from ScotClans >


Need help with buying products:
Service & Help >
Postage Hints (To US):  Standard Airmail to the US takes 10-14 working days
International Tracked and signed also takes 10-14 working days
Fed-Ex gets to the US the next day.
Remember most of our products are made to order so check times for this.

Can't see shipping address? >






© 2013 ScotClans. All rights reserved.




 






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Tartan Finder | Scottish Family Tartan selector for all the family names from Scotland - Kinloch Anderson



















































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                


















Search:


















Menu




            AUD        

            GBP        

            CAD        

            CNY        

            EUR        

            HKD        

            JPY        

            TWD        

            NZD        

            NOK        

            RUB        

            SGD        

            KRW        

            SEK        

            CHF        

            USD        




Sign In


        Shopping Bag        













Free Delivery for all UK mainland orders* 

Find your Family Tartan


Sign up for news & offers








Main Content








Article


You are here:
 > 
Home
 > 
Tartan




Find Your Family Tartan









    

 








Browse our tartans by A-Z
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z


Search our Tweeds & Velvets









Why buy from Kinloch Anderson?

Kinloch Anderson are renowned as Experts in Kilts, Tartans and
Highland Dress since 1868 and have played an active part in the
history and heritage of tartan here in Scotland.
With our experience we can help you find the best tartan for you
from thousands of choices and then provide you with top quality
authentic Scottish Clothing, accessories or gifts



Questions about Tartans

Q.  What tartan am I entitled to
wear?
A.   Traditionally you start with your surname and check
this against a recognised list of tartans which should include:
(a)   Clans and family tartans
(b)   Links of your name to other names (septs) associated
with it.
(c)   District or regions with which your name is
associated.
 
Q.  Can I wear tartan if I cannot find my name
associated with any of those on the recognised list?
A.   Yes. Tartan is a gift that we have given to the
world. The idea that a man can only wear a kilt in his own family
tartan or one associated with it has given way to a more broad
minded approach and most ladies are quite happy to choose tartan
with the colours they like best.
 
Q.  My name doesn’t have its own tartan. What
do I do now?
A.  Fortunately you have many nice options but first please
widen your search as much as possible to other members of both your
family and those of your partner’s family etc and go as far
back in family history as you like.
Also, have you or your family made visits to Scotland, as there
are tartans for regions and districts and towns. 
Some Christian names have a tartan associated with them e.g.
Douglas, Scott, Fraser etc.
We offer our special exclusive Kinloch Anderson tartans to all
our customers:- Kinloch Anderson, Kinloch Anderson Dress, Kinloch
Anderson Castle Grey, Kinloch Anderson Thistle, Kinloch Anderson
Heather, Kinloch Anderson Rowanberry, Kinloch Anderson Hunting,
Kinloch Anderson Romance and Kinloch Anderson Black &
White.
There are four recognised universal tartans: Black Watch,
Stewart Hunting, Caledonia and Jacobite.
There are a number of non generic tartans e.g. Scotland’s
National, Flower of Scotland etc.
Lastly choose from one of our other most popular tartans.
See our list (click below)
Q.  What is the difference between a tartan and a
check.
A.  Essentially a tartan has a link or association with a
family, clan, institution or region and has a background history
explaining its relevance.  Unfortunately, due to the status of
tartan, some check designs are called a tartan and this causes
confusion.
 
Q.  There are so many tartans to be seen all round
the world these days what gives the status of tartan its
authenticity?
A.  The Scottish Register of Tartans which was established in
2009 as the official Scottish Register belonging to Scotland in the
public domain and located within the National Archives of
Scotland.
Q.  How were tartans recorded in the
past?
A.  Prior to the Scottish Register of Tartans there were
several privately owned Tartan Registers in Scotland and these
tartan records were transferred to the Scottish Register of Tartans
in 2009.
Q.  Can anyone register a tartan?
A.  In order to enter a tartan into the Scottish Register of
Tartans there is an application form with terms and conditions that
need to be fulfilled.
 
Q.  There are so many tartans - what happens if
there is a duplicate design?
A.  In theory no two tartans are the same and each tartan has
a different thread count of colours.  However, tartan belongs
to culture and not to science, so similarities have indeed
arisen.  Today the Scottish Register of Tartans rejects any
new tartan which is “confusingly similar” to an
existing registered tartan.
 
Q.  How many tartans are registered each
year?
A.  Somewhere around 150 tartans are registered each year.
 
Q.  Do the words “modern” and
“ancient” indicate when the tartan
originated?
A.  No – well not any more – they relate to the
tartan colourway. There are three tartan colourways, ancient,
modern and reproduction or weathered. Ancient tartans used
vegetable dyes so the colours are usually quite soft.
Modern tartans were introduced using chemical dyes so the
colours are brighter and reproduction or weathered tartans have
colours literally reproduced to match those weathered by exposure
as they were found in houses and on battle fields.
There are also colourway categories called ‘hunting’
usually with some brown and green colours and ‘dress’
usually with some white.
 
Q.  Does a tartan have to be woven?
A.  Opinions are divided on this one. Traditionally tartan
belonged to clothing, household textiles and the woven fabric. The
Scottish Register of Tartans insists that every tartan application
must show that it is “capable of being woven” and
provide colour thread counts for future weaving purposes.
 
Q.  If my tartan is registered in the Scottish
Register of Tartans does this ensure that no-one else will copy or
produce it?
A.  No. When you register you can request restricted use and
state the details of this but copyright or patent arrangements need
to be made separately.
 
Q.  When and how did tartan begin?
A.  There was no launch of tartan. It evolved over centuries
so we prefer to say it belongs to the mists of time. The first
written record of tartan was in an account to James III in 1471
listing “blue tartan” and the writer, George Buchanan,
refers to tartan in 1582.



Most popular tartans

These are the most popular tartans that we are asked for here at
Kinloch Anderson. Any of these make an excellent choice for Kilts,
Skirts, Trousers and many more great tartan products.



Anderson
Tartan
Douglas
Tartan
MacDonald
Tartan
MacLeod
Tartan


Black Watch
Tartan
Fraser
Tartan
MacFarlane
Murray
Tartan


Buchanan
Tartan
Gordon
Tartan
MacGregor
Tartan
Robertson
Tartan


Cameron
Tartan
Gunn
Tartan
MacKenzie
Tartan
Ross
Tartan


Campbell
Tartan
Lindsay
Tartan
MacLean
Tartan
Stewart
Tartan












Tartan Design Service
more
info >
If you can’t find the tartan you are looking for we offer
a tartan design service so that you can get exactly what you
want.












Product Info













