







Home Original - Tauriga Sciences










































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 






 






 






Company News
 

Tauriga Sciences Inc. to Form Wholly Owned Subsidiary Focused on the Development …  View

Tauriga Sciences, Inc. announced that it has secured additional capital..  View

2014 – 2015 Financials Reported – Company On Track To Regain Reporting Status. View




 


LATEST TAURIGA SCIENCES UPDATES

 



TAURIGA SCIENCES INC. DISCLOSES ADDITIONAL PERSONAL INVESTMENT OF $55,000 USD FROM ITS CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SETH M. SHAW; INVESTMENT STRUCTURED AS EQUITY PRIVATE PLACEMENT PRICED AT $0.00125

NEW YORK, NY, Jun 21, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 21, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a company engaged in the building of life sciences businesses and technologies, has today announced that is Chief…

 

Read More



Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future

NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 19, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today confirmed to shareholders that it has no plans to enact any type of Reverse Split for the foreseeable future. …

 

Read More


TAURIGA SCIENCES INC. INCORPORATES ITS NEW AND IMPROVED LABEL DESIGN FOR THE UPCOMING LAUNCH OF ITS CUPUACU BUTTER LIP BALM PRODUCT
NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 16, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today announced the completion of…

 

Read More




















Fully committed to commercializing innovation to enhance personal wellness, improve our environment and create lasting shareholder value.

 Balanced Innovation and Commercialization



Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) is a diversified life sciences company focused on generating profitable revenues in the natural wellness sector and on developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology through its wholly-owned Pilus Energy subsidiary.
The Company’s business model is to create an attractive and balanced portfolio of life sciences assets without typical clinical regulatory timelines.

  











Tauriga’s main focus for the last year has been getting audited financials and relisted on BB. Due to what we believe was gross malpractice by our auditors, TAUG was delisted from the BB. But we are always looking for exciting opportunities to increase shareholder value.

 









Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has completed an equity private placement for $105,500 USD to date comprised of accredited individual investors as well as one institutional investor.

 









Recently the Company added Frank Orlowski, Sr. Director at Pfizer (PFE); and Keith Berman  CEO of Digital Diagnostics Inc (DECN). The Company remains committed to finding the right opportunity to joint venture or merge with.

  




 
 

 
 










































Taurig Lawsuit - Tauriga Sciences






































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 











Taurig Lawsuit
 Tauriga Sciences / Taurig Lawsuit

















Click to View Document 










 
 

 
 










































Tauriga Email - Tauriga Sciences










































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 











Tauriga Email
 Tauriga Sciences / Tauriga Email













Tauriga Email



 




 

 


 


 



 




     








 







 


 




 



 

 


 





 


The Team

 


Press Releases

 


Pilus Energy

 






 






 




 


 



 



 






 




                                            Tauriga Shareholder Update
                                            


 




                                            Malpractice Suit – Financial Filings 
                                          New Board Members



 






 



 



 



 



 







Tauriga.com






 











 




TAURIGA UPDATES

                                     
                                  






 



 



 



 






 





It has been a difficult 11 months for Tauriga and it’s shareholders. This email contains snippets taken from recent Comapny press releases. We are also pleased to announce an all new responsive website.   www.tauriga.com




 










Website




 





Latest Press Release









 








 

 


 

 





     








 


 



Tauriga Adds New Board Members 
                                From Pfizer and Decision Diagnostics 



 




 



 



 



 






 




 



                                     
                                  

Tauriga recently added Decision Diagnostics (DECN) CEO to the Board of Directors. DECN’s  subsidiary has recently won a series of lawsuits againt Johnson and Johnson. The only remaining lawsuit
                                between the parties is a patent infringement suit filed in Las Vegas in which Johnson and Johnson is the Defendant. Please refer to the press release on Tauriga’s website regarding Mr. Berman. Keith Berman Press Release
Tauriga also announced adding Frank Orlowski, a Senior Director of Pfizer’s emerging division, to the Board of Advisors. Mr. Orlowski has joined the Board of Advisors to assist with identifying and
                                vetting potential merger partners.  Please refer to the press release on Tauriga’s website regarding Mr. Orlowski. Frank Orlowski Press Release
 We feel very fortunate to have added Board members that have the business credentials of Mr. Berman and Frank Orlowski.






 

 






 



 




 
 

 

 







 








 

 


 

 





     








 


 


 Malpractice Lawsuit Update


 




 



 



 



 






 




 






On July 31st Tauriga was blinsided by being delisted on the OTCBB for reasons out of the Company’s control. Tauriga’s previous
                                Auditor was sanctioned on July 23, 2015 by the PCAOB for lack of independence of Tauriga’s fiscal year 2014 filing. On July 30th the SEC Chief Accountant made a determination that Tauriga had to re-audit it’s
                                    2014 financial statements due to “serious and material breach of independence of opinion by predecessor audit firm as a result of the Auditors lack of independence”. 


The Company was recently notified by Federal Judge Robin L. Rosenberg that the Trial Date will be January 23, 2017 (West Palm Beach, Florida). The Company had previously disclosed that it was seeking monetary damages well in excess of $3,000,000 USD.

UPDATE: Tauriga Sciences, Inc. has
                                    decided to significantly increase the monetary award(s) being sought at Trial. This substantial increase was a result of new information as well as certain legal provisions prescribed within the Florida State Laws that govern this type of lawsuit. 



 

 






 



 




 
 

 

 







 








 

 


 

 





     








 


 


Updates On Financial Filings


 




 



 



 



 






 




 








                                    Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has both successfully completed the re-audit of its financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014 and on May 20, 2016 filed its delinquent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                                        March 31, 2015 (“2015 Form 10-K”).
                                      

                                         
                                      

                                        As previously disclosed on July 31, 2015 via a press release, Tauriga was unable to file its FY 2015 Form 10K and accordingly its shares were downgraded on that date from the OTCQB to the OTC Pink Limited Information Tier. This occurred specifically because Cowan, Gunteski & Co. P.A. (the “Predecessor Audit Firm”) violated Securities and Exchange
                                        Commission (“SEC”) Regulation S-X, Rule 2-01 as well as certain standards with respect to the PCAOB independence rules with respect to the Predecessor Audit Firm’s audit report with respect to the Company year ended March 31, 2014 financial statements. Specifically, the Predecessor Audit Firm failed to adhere to the SEC regulations with respect to the
                                        partner rotation rules. These rules require the engagement partner as well as the quality concurring reviewer must be rotated off of the engagement for 5 years (cooling off period) after being engaged in those roles for a period of 5 years. The Predecessor Audit Firm did not do this. This conduct was brought to the Company’s and public’s attention
                                    through the PCAOB Public Censure of the Predecessor Audit Firm disclosed at (http://pcaobus.org/Enforcement/Decisions/Documents/Cowan.pdf) on July 23, 2015. Subsequent to this, the Predecessor Audit Firm ignored the Company’s multiple written requests (inclusive of
                                        certified letters, legal letters, emails and text messages) for the return of its audit work papers for the Fiscal Years Ended 2013 and 2014. The Company finally obtained these critically important audit work papers on March 7, 2016.
                                      




 

 






 



 




 
 

 

 







 








 

 


 

 







 







Stay Informed – Visit our new website for important updates!
www.tauriga.com






 



 

     

 



 

 


 

 





     








 


 


 Stay Informed







We anticipate having quite a few updates in the future regarding our filing status, the malpractice lawsuit and potential merger and acquisition opportunities.





Seth Shaw
CEO



 




 



 



 



 






 




 







                                      NON SOLICITATION:
                                    

                                      This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. Any securities offered or issued in connection with the above-referenced merger and/or investment
                                      have not been registered, and will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration.
                                    
 

                                      DISCLAIMER:
                                    

                                      Forward-Looking Statements:
                                    

This release contains the Company’s forward-looking statements which are based on
                                    management’s current expectations and assumptions as of April 5, 2016, regarding the Company’s business and performance, its prospects, current factors, the economy and other future conditions and forecasts of future events, circumstances and results.
 





 

 






 



 




 
 

 

 







 








 

 


 

 




 







 

 


 





 



                                              Copyright © 2016 Tauriga


 


| go to the website








 

 


 







 



 



 



 
 

 
 










































Press Releases - Tauriga Sciences







































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 






 





 Tauriga Sciences / Press Releases









July 14, 2017 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 per shareNEW YORK, NY, Jun 29, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 29, 2017) –  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), engaged in the building of life sciences businesses and technologies, today announced that it has secured $80,000 USD......Continue Reading...June 29, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder MeetingNEW YORK, NY, Jun 28, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 28, 2017) –  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), engaged in the building of life sciences businesses and technologies, today announced that its stockholders approved an increase......Continue Reading...June 29, 2017 Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units with Display Cases and Promotional LiteratureNEW YORK, NY, Jun 27, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 27, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), engaged in the building of life sciences businesses and technologies, announced that it is targeting the autumn of......Continue Reading...June 29, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USDNEW YORK, NY, Jun 26, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 26, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), engaged in building of businesses in the life sciences space, today announced that is has fully repaid and......Continue Reading...June 23, 2017 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125NEW YORK, NY, Jun 21, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 21, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a company engaged in the building of life sciences businesses and technologies, has today announced that is Chief......Continue Reading...June 20, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable FutureNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 19, 2017) –  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today confirmed to shareholders that it has no plans to enact any type......Continue Reading...June 20, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable FutureTauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 19, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses......Continue Reading...June 20, 2017 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm ProductNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 16, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today announced the completion of its new and improved label design and graphics......Continue Reading...May 24, 2017 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By JuryNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Apr 28, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today announced that a court date had been set for......Continue Reading...May 02, 2017 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By JuryNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Apr 28, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today announced that a court date had been set for......Continue Reading...March 08, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Notified by Federal District Court New Jersey of April 17, 2017 Trial Status ConferenceNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Mar 7, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, has today provided its shareholders with an update on the status of its......Continue Reading...January 30, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Receives Notification from DTCC That the Company has Been Approved for DWAC ServicesMarketwiredJanuary 28, 2017NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jan 27, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced that it has received approval from The Depository Trust......Continue Reading...January 04, 2017 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol “CBD” Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension Relief01/03/17 11:22 AM EST NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jan 3, 2017) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK :TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced it has completed the formulation, graphics, and packaging......Continue Reading...December 27, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Sells Majority Stake of Pilus Energy Subsidiary to Open Therapeutics LLCNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Dec 27, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced that it has sold an 80% majority stake in its wholly-owned......Continue Reading...December 14, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Updates Shareholders on Efforts to Uplist to OTCQB TierNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Dec 14, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today provided an update to shareholders about its ongoing efforts to uplist to......Continue Reading...December 07, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reports Progress in Completing the Formulation of its First ColluMauxil Branded Product, a Cannabidiol “CBD” Infused Roll On for Muscle Tension ReliefLOS ANGELES, CA–(Marketwired – Dec 7, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, has today announced that the Company has completed the formulation of RolLeaf, its proprietary CBD infused......Continue Reading...November 16, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. to Form Wholly Owned Subsidiary Focused on the Development, Marketing and Distribution of Products that Target Muscle TensionNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Nov 15, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a life sciences technology Company, announced that it will form a new wholly owned subsidiary focused on the development, marketing and distribution of products that target muscle tension.......Continue Reading...November 14, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Files its Form 10-K for Fiscal Year End 2016NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / October 14, 2016 / Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a life sciences technology company, has filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange......Continue Reading...November 09, 2016 CORRECTION – Tauriga Sciences Inc.Click here for high-resolution version More NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Nov 9, 2016) – In the news release, issued earlier today by Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG ), we are advised by the company the headline should read “Tauriga Sciences Inc. Files its......Continue Reading...September 01, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Files Two Motions in Federal Court to Both Compel the Deposition of Mr. William Meyler and the Written Discovery Materials to be Provided by Cowan Gunteski & Co. P.A.August 31, 2016  —  New York, New York  —  Tauriga Sciences, Inc.  (OTC PINK:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a life sciences technology Company currently engaged as the plaintiff in a major federal litigation, today announced that it has filed two motions with the Federal......Continue Reading...August 31, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Files Two Motions in Federal Court to Both Compel the Deposition of Mr. William Meyler and the Written Discovery Materials to Be Provided by Cowan Gunteski & Co. P.A.NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Aug 31, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK :TAUG ) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a life sciences technology Company currently engaged as the plaintiff in a major federal litigation, today announced that it has filed two motions with the Federal......Continue Reading...August 10, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Files Its Third Fiscal Quarter 2016 Form 10Q and Continues to Report Meaningful Progress on Multiple FrontsNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Aug 10, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has filed its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2015 with the Securities and Exchange Commission......Continue Reading...August 05, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Requisite Additional Capital to Finance Auditor Engagement Through Completion of First Fiscal Quarter 2017 Audit; Period Ending June 30, 2016NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Aug 4, 2016) –  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has secured additional capital from an existing institutional investor in order to finance additional audit and interim reporting......Continue Reading...July 07, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Responds in Federal Court to the Multiple Motions Filed by Cowan GunteskiNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jul 7, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has filed its Response with Untied States District Court Southern District Florida, Case No. 0:15-cv-62334, to answer the......Continue Reading...July 05, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Granted Extension Until July 6, 2016 to Respond to Motions Recently Filed by Cowan Gunteski & Co. P.A.NEW YORK, NY, Jun 30, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) — NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 30, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (otc pink:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a life sciences technology company, today announced that Judge Robin L. Rosenberg granted Tauriga Sciences, Inc. an extension......Continue Reading...July 05, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Extinguishes the Outstanding Judgement Owed to Cherry Bekaert LLP for Total Cash Payment of $53,707.91 USDNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 28, 2016) –  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a life sciences technology company, today announced that it has extinguished the outstanding judgement owed to Cherry Bekaert LLP (“Cherry Bekaert”), as well as the outstanding balance owed......Continue Reading...July 05, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Completes Additional $194,000 USD Private Placement With Six Connecticut and Rhode Island Based Accredited Individual InvestorsNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 27, 2016) –  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a life sciences technology company, today announced that it has completed an additional $194,000 USD in equity private placement financing from six Connecticut and Rhode Island based accredited......Continue Reading...June 01, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Issues Comprehensive Update to Shareholders and Reports Significant Progress on Multiple FrontsNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jun 1, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today issued a comprehensive update to shareholders which addressed a number of important Corporate goals and milestones. The Company and its......Continue Reading...May 23, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Completes the Successful Re-Audit of Its Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Statements and Files Its Fiscal Year 2015 Form 10K; Company On Track to Regain Fully Reporting StatusNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – May 23, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has both successfully completed the re-audit of its financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014......Continue Reading...April 18, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Completes $105,500 USD Equity Private Placement With Accredited Individual InvestorsNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Apr 18, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has completed an equity private placement for $105,500 USD to date comprised of accredited individual investors as......Continue Reading...April 15, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Appoints Mr. Keith M. Berman as a Member of the Company’s Board of DirectorsNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Apr 15, 2016) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has appointed Mr. Keith M. Berman as a member of the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”). Mr.......Continue Reading...April 06, 2016 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Appoints 20 Year Pharmaceutical Industry Veteran to its Board of AdvisorsNEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / April 6, 2016 / Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that it has appointed Mr. Frank P. Orlowski to its Advisory Board effective immediately. Mr. Orlowski is......Continue Reading...March 22, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. to Proceed to Trial in its Ongoing Litigation Against its Predecessor Audit Firm Cowan Gunteski & Co. P.A.; Company to Seek Monetary Award(s) in Excess of $3,000,000 USDNEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / March 22, 2016 / Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, has today announced that its good faith efforts to settle its ongoing litigation with Cowan Gunteski & Co. P.A.......Continue Reading...March 08, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains its Audit Work Papers for Fiscal Years 2013 and 2014; Company Targeting the Summer of 2016 to Regain Fully Reporting StatusMIAMI, FL / ACCESSWIRE / March 8, 2016 / Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences technology Company, today announced that the Company has finally obtained its audit work papers for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2013......Continue Reading...February 05, 2016 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Updates Shareholders on Status of Litigation and Efforts to Regain OTCQB ListingNEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / February 5, 2016 / Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company focused on building its existing technologies and evaluating potential acquisition candidates, today provided shareholders with two important updates relating......Continue Reading...October 08, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Determination From OTC Markets Concerning OTCQB Listing Requirements  October 8, 2015NEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Oct 8, 2015) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company focused on building its existing technologies and evaluating potential acquisition candidates, has today announced that the Company has been granted additional......Continue Reading...October 01, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Secures $180,000 USD in Non-Convertible Debt Financing From Singapore-Based Institutional InvestorNEW YORK, NY- (October 1st, 2015) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company focused on building it’s existing technologies and evaluating potential acquisition candidates, has today announced the completion of $180,000 USD in Non-Convertible debt......Continue Reading...August 14, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Issues Shareholder Update on Status of Company and Future Strategic PlanNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Aug 14, 2015) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, is providing its shareholders with a comprehensive update on the status of the Company as well as it strategic plan for the......Continue Reading...August 05, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Appoints Mr. Thomas J. Graham as a Member of the Board of DirectorsNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Aug 5, 2015) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, today announced the appointment of Mr. Thomas J. Graham as the fourth member of the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”). The appointment......Continue Reading...July 31, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Comments on the Status of Fiscal Year 2015 Form 10-K FilingNEW YORK, NY–(Marketwired – Jul 31, 2015) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, today commented about the status of its Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2015 (the “Form 10-K”). On July 14, 2015,......Continue Reading...July 28, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Stockholders Approve Increase In Authorized Common StockNEW YORK, July 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, today announced that its stockholders approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock of the Company from 1,000,000,000 to......Continue Reading...July 21, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Wholly Owned Subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC Executes Commercialization and Distribution Agreement with Singapore Based Naturo Energy Pte. Ltd.NEW YORK, July 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), an internationally diversified life sciences company, today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC (“Pilus Energy”) has executed a Commercialization and Distribution Agreement (“the Agreement”) with......Continue Reading...July 14, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. to Complete the Increase of Authorized Shares Prior to Filing Fiscal Year 2015 Annual Report (Form 10K)NEW YORK, July 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company, today announced that the Company has decided to complete the proposed increase in authorized shares of common stock from 1 billion to 2.5......Continue Reading...July 13, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Announces Strategic Plan to Divest Natural Wellness BusinessLOS ANGELES, July 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that it intends to fully......Continue Reading...July 13, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Appoints Mr. Seth M. Shaw to Positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Ms. Ghalia Lahlou as Interim Chief Financial Officer Effective ImmediatelyNEW YORK, Jul. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ –Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company, today announced the appointments of Mr. Seth M. Shaw as Chairman of the Board of Directors (“Chairman”) and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Ms.......Continue Reading...June 12, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. to Showcase TopiCanna Cream and Other Natural Wellness Products at the 2015 Northern California Cannabis CupLOS ANGELES, June 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that the Company will have......Continue Reading...June 02, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Extinguishes All Further Obligations to Typenex Co-Investment LLC with One-Time Cash Payment of $230,000 USDNEW YORK, Jun. 02, 2015 /PRNewswire/ –Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that it has officially extinguished all further......Continue Reading...June 02, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. to Present at Cannabis Investor WebcastLOS ANGELES, June 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology will be presenting on the Cannabis Investor Webcast on......Continue Reading...May 15, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Subsidiary Pilus Energy to Participate in 2015 World Environmental & Water Resources CongressCINCINNATI, Ohio, May 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, is pleased to announce that its subsidiary Pilus......Continue Reading...May 13, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. and Cannabis Health Form “Foundational Partnership”LOS ANGELES, May 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced today that it has formed a “Foundational......Continue Reading...May 11, 2015 SEC Compliance Featuring Products From Tauriga Sciences, Inc. at B. Riley & Co. ConferenceLOS ANGELES, May 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced today that its products will be featured......Continue Reading...April 23, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Reports Estimated Quarterly Revenue Growth Exceeding 60% and Provides Shareholder UpdateLOS ANGELES, Apr. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, has today pre-announced positive quarterly revenues for the first calendar......Continue Reading...April 07, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. to Present at Cannabis Investor Webcast on April 9, 2015LOS ANGELES, April 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology will be presenting on the Cannabis Investor Webcast on......Continue Reading...March 16, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. And Breathe ECig Corp. Enter License Agreement To Co-Develop and Co-Commercialize New CBD E-CigaretteLOS ANGELES  and KNOXVILLE, Tenn., March 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB: TAUG) (“Tauriga”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, and Breathe eCig Corp. (BVAP) (“Breathe”), a socially......Continue Reading...March 04, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Expands Agreement with Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc.LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA — (Wednesday, March 4, 2015 ) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced today that it has......Continue Reading...February 26, 2015 SEC Compliance Featuring Products From Tauriga Sciences, Inc. at ROTH Capital ConferenceLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA — (Thur. February 26, 2015 ) Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced today that its products will......Continue Reading...February 23, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Shares Included in The Marijuana IndexLeading Cannabis Related Index to Continually Supply Market Info and Analysis for Tauriga Sciences, Inc. LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA — (Tues. February 24, 2015 ) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB: TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”) announced today that it has been selected by The Marijuana......Continue Reading...February 23, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Completes Manufacturing of CannaCaviar CBD Soft GelsLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA — (Monday. February 23, 2015 ) – Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced today that it has......Continue Reading...February 20, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC Generates Hypothesis Affirming DataCINCINNATI, Feb. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, would like to announce that its wholly owned subsidiary......Continue Reading...January 28, 2015 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. To Showcase TopiCanna Cream And Other Natural Wellness Products At The 2015 Southern California Cannabis CupLOS ANGELES, Jan. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that the Company has entered its......Continue Reading...January 20, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Appoints Hingge Hsu, M.D., M.B.A. to its Board of DirectorsLOS ANGELES, Jan. 20, 2014 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced the appointment of Hingge Hsu, M.D., M.B.A. to......Continue Reading...January 08, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Announces the Launch of Its taurigastore.com eCommerce WebsiteThursday January 8, 2015 (Los Angeles, CA) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today launched its http://www.taurigastore.com eCommerce website. This launch allows......Continue Reading...January 08, 2015 Tauriga Sciences Confirms that Canadian Trading Halt (Cease Trade) has been Lifted by Autorité des Marchés Financiers (Quebec Based regulatory Authority)[New York, NY – JANUARY 8, 2015] Tauriga Sciences , Inc (“Tauriga”) (OTCQB: TAUG)  announces that the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF” or “Authority”), the market regulatory authority in the province of Québec, Canada has lifted its cease trade order relating to Tauriga’s securities effective......Continue Reading...December 24, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Receives Additional $150,000 USD Private Placement Tranche from Tokyo Based Dragoon Capital, Inc.SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 24, 2014 /PRNewswire/ — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB: TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that Tokyo, Japan based Dragoon Capital, Inc. (“Dragoon”)......Continue Reading...December 15, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Launches its First Topical Medicinal Cannabis Cream Branded as TopiCanna Monday December 15, 2014 (Los Angeles, CA) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:  TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today launched its first proprietary topical medicinal cannabis cream......Continue Reading...November 25, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Progresses Towards Launch of Its Topical Medicinal Cannabis Creams Branded as TopicannaLOS ANGELES, Nov. 25, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today updated shareholders about the upcoming launch of......Continue Reading...November 04, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Signs MOU to Distribute and Sell Natural Wellness Products Throughout AsiaLOS ANGELES, Nov. 4, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced that it has signed a non-binding......Continue Reading...October 30, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Appoints Michael J. Brennan, M.D., Ph.D. to Its Board of DirectorsLOS ANGELES, Oct. 30, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced the appointment of Michael J. Brennan,......Continue Reading...October 15, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Completely Free of Convertible DebtNEW YORK, Oct. 15, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that the Company is completely free......Continue Reading...October 09, 2014 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Completes $600,000 USD Equity Private Placement With Select Institutional and Accredited Individual InvestorsNEW YORK, Oct. 9, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, has today announced the completion of a $600,000 USD equity private placement......Continue Reading...October 02, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Wholly Owned Subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC Invited to Present and Participate at EPA Technology Innovation Showcase on December 2, 2014 in Cincinnati, OhioCINCINNATI, Oct. 2, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Pilus......Continue Reading...September 16, 2014 Crystal Research Associates, LLC Issues Executive Informational Overview (EIO) on Tauriga Sciences, Inc.NEW YORK, Sept. 16, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Crystal Research Associates, LLC announced today that it has issued an Executive Informational Overview® (EIO) on Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG-OTC). The full 72-page report is available on Crystal Research Associates’ website at www.crystalra.com. Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (or......Continue Reading...September 16, 2014 Crystal Research Associates, LLC Issues Executive Informational Overview (EIO) on Tauriga Sciences, Inc. – Thomson Reuters ONENEW YORK, NY (September 16, 2014) Crystal Research Associates, LLC announced today that it has issued an Executive Informational Overview® (EIO) on Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG-OTC). The full 72-page report is available on Crystal Research Associates’ website at www.crystalra.com.Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (or “the Company”) is......Continue Reading...September 16, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC Receives Approval from the US EPA to Commence Scaled Up Pilot TestCINCINNATI, Sept. 16, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, announced that on September 8, 2014, through its......Continue Reading...August 25, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Executes Investment Banking Agreement With Tokyo, Japan Based Dragoon Capital Inc.NEW YORK, Aug. 25, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that it has entered into......Continue Reading...August 18, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. to Present at Marijuana for Medical Professionals Conference on September 9 in Denver, ColoradoDENVER and LOS ANGELES, Aug. 18, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, today announced that the Company’s......Continue Reading...August 14, 2014 SeeThruEquity Initiates Research Coverage on Tauriga Sciences with Target Price of $0.10New York, NY / ACCESSWIRE / August 14, 2014 / SeeThruEquity, a leading independent equity research and corporate access firm focused on smallcap and microcap public companies, today announced that it has initiated coverage on Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCBB: TAUG). “Tauriga’s current management team, in......Continue Reading...August 06, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Subsidiary Honeywood LLC’s Berkeley, California Based Headquarters and Production Facility Now OperationalBERKELEY, Calif., Aug. 6, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company with interests in the natural wellness sector and in developing a proprietary synthetic biology platform technology, is pleased to announce that its wholly owned......Continue Reading...August 04, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Appoints University of Cincinnati Biochemistry Professor Daniel J. Hassett, Ph.D. as Member of Company’s Scientific and Medical Advisory BoardCINCINNATI, Aug. 4, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, has today announced the appointment of Dr. Daniel Hassett (“Dr. Hassett”) as a member of the Company’s Scientific and Medical Advisory Board. Dr. Hassett was the......Continue Reading...July 30, 2014 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Approved to Continue Trading on OTCQB MarketplaceNEW YORK, July 30, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, today announced it received notice of approval effective as of July 29, 2014 from OTC Markets Group, Inc. (“OTC Markets”) to continue trading on......Continue Reading...July 28, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Introduces First Cannabis Complements Product in ColoradoDENVER, July 28, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company, is introducing the first supplement in its Cannabis Complements line of dietary supplements and natural wellness products to the Colorado market. Tauriga’s Cannabis Complements......Continue Reading...July 16, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Signs License Agreement With Targeted Medical Pharma Inc.LOS ANGELES, July 16, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or the “Company”), a diversified life sciences company, announced today it has signed a non-exclusive licensing agreement with Targeted Medical Pharma Inc. (OTCQB:TRGM) to reformulate and rebrand Targeted Medical’s medical food......Continue Reading...July 14, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Completes Acquisition of Honeywood LLC, a California-Based Developer of Medicinal Cannabis Products, Including Doc Green’s CreamLOS ANGELES, July 14, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company, is pleased to announce that it has successfully completed its acquisition of California-based medicinal cannabis firm Honeywood LLC (“Honeywood”), the formulator for Doc......Continue Reading...June 30, 2014 Marijuana Sector Positioned to Move Higher as FDA Reviews Drug’s StatusWHITEFISH, MT / June 30, 2014 / The Marijuana Index(TM) traded marginally lower last week after MedBox Inc. (OTC: MDBX) and CannaVEST Corp.’s (OTC: CANV) moves lower offset GW Pharmaceuticals plc’s (NASDAQ: GWPH) modest gains. Top gainers included Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTC: TAUG), which jumped......Continue Reading...June 25, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Wholly Owned Subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC Featured in CNBC Special “States Partner to Spur Innovation in New Industries”CINCINNATI, June 25, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with a proprietary microbial fuel cell technology, today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Pilus Energy LLC (“Pilus Energy”) has been featured in a......Continue Reading...June 24, 2014 Nutra Pharma Corp.’s Nyloxin Commercials Begin AiringNutra Pharma Corp. (OTCPINK: NPHC) saw its share volume soar on June 23rd with 28,388,746 shares exchanging hands, nearly six times higher than its three month daily average volume of 4,838,045 shares. On June 10th, Nutra Pharma Corp., a biotechnology company that is developing treatments......Continue Reading...June 23, 2014 Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Honeywood LLC Successfully Amend Merger Agreement; Closing of Acquisition Remains on Track for July 10, 2014LOS ANGELES, June 23, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Tauriga Sciences Inc. (OTCQB:TAUG) or (“Tauriga” or “the Company”), a diversified life sciences company with a proprietary microbial fuel cell technology, is pleased to announce that its acquisition of Honeywood LLC (“Honeywood”, and Doc Green’s product lines)......Continue Reading...June 10, 2014 Advanced Cannabis Solutions, Tauriga Sciences and MassRoots to Present at the First Annual WeedStock Conference, Presented by MarketfySouthfield, MI / ACCESSWIRE / June 10, 2014 / WeedStock Conference, the premier cannabis investor conference, presented by Marketfy, is set to feature a robust line up of foremost experts in the Cannabis industry. Marketfy is proud to announce the inclusion of three additional industry......Continue Reading...May 29, 2014 A Diversified Bet on the Marijuana SectorWHITEFISH, MT / May 29, 2014 / The cannabis industry is a highly fragmented space right now, with companies like GW Pharmaceuticals plc (NASDAQ: GWPH) studying CBD’s clinical potential, companies like Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC: TAUG) exploring currently-legal topical medicinal products, companies like GreenGro Technologies......Continue Reading... 




 
 

 
 











































News - Tauriga Sciences






































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 











News
 Tauriga Sciences / News










 
 

 
 










































Cowan's Censure - Tauriga Sciences












































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 











Cowan’s Censure
 Tauriga Sciences / Cowan’s Censure












 
 

 
 


































Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension ReliefHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 1 hr 52 minsS&P 5002,470.37-3.08 (-0.12%)Dow 3021,561.04-50.74 (-0.23%)Nasdaq6,381.34-8.66 (-0.14%)Stocks to WatchVisa eyes fresh high, eBay falls, Plug Power surgesTauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension ReliefMarketwiredJanuary 3, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Jan 3, 2017) - Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (  OTC PINK :  TAUG ) ("Tauriga" or the "Company"), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced it has completed the formulation, graphics, and packaging for its proprietary CBD infused Roll On product for muscle tension relief, branded and trademarked under the name RolLeaf. As previously disclosed, the Company is forming a new subsidiary called ColluMauxil Therapeutics LLC ("ColluMauxil") to focus on the development, marketing, and licensing of non-opioid products and product lines that specifically target muscle tension, a key component of pain. From a logistics standpoint, the Company believes the RolLeaf product(s) will be ready for marketing and distribution to the retail marketplace during the 1st calendar quarter of 2017.A key ingredient of the product is cannabidiol (CBD) isolate, which is 99+% pure, anhydrous (crystalline) cannabidiol (CBD) that is extracted from hemp. Because the Company's formula utilizes 99+% pure CBD isolate that contains no THC, the Company formulated the RolLeaf product(s) with the expectation that sales of this product would be legal in all 50 states, South America, Europe and Australia.On December 14, 2016 the United States Drug Enforcement Agency (the "DEA") added a notice to the Federal Register that quietly informed the public that it had established "a new drug code for marihuana extract." The DEA's argument is that the agency is entitled to regulate CBD oil because all extracts contain trace amounts of THC, the active ingredient in cannabis which remains illegal at the federal level.As a result Tauriga sought legal advice from several reputable law firms and legal sources to ensure that its shareholders are protected and that the Company complies with all federal and state regulations. After careful legal review, the Company believes at this time, that RolLeaf remains legal to sell throughout the United States. Specifically Section 7606 of the 2014 Congressional Farm Bill (H.R. 2642 - Agricultural Act of 2014 of the 113th Congress) defines hemp as distinct from marijuana and is therefore removed from the definition as a controlled substance when grown under a compliant state program. Additionally cannabidiol (CBD) is not listed on the federal schedule of controlled substances and the Final Rule published on December 14th by the DEA was not a scheduling action but rather an administrative action related to record keeping. However in light of these recent events, the Company believes that there may be increased risk in the future (with respect to CBD) due to the DEA's recent categorization efforts.It should also be noted that Tauriga has obtained 3rd party laboratory certificate of analysis (COA) confirming that the CBD isolate used in formulating RolLeaf is both pure and within the guidelines of what is currently legal to sell in the United States.Tauriga's CEO Seth M. Shaw expressed, "The Company has been excited about the prospects of a commercial launch of its CBD infused Roll On product. Over the past few weeks, there has been significant potential interest expressed to the Company from both distributors and retailers alike. The Company has worked diligently to complete what it believes to be an excellent product with a focus also on the graphics, logo, and packaging to enhance attractiveness. Due to the DEA's December 14th proclamation, the Company has been extremely cautious and diligent in understanding and complying with the legal landscape and potential future consequences to launching a product such as RolLeaf. The Company will continue to follow developments very closely and fully commits to its shareholders that it will work to comply with all federal or state laws in its efforts to build potential long term businesses and revenue streams."ABOUT TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (  OTC PINK :  TAUG ) is a current reporting life sciences company engaged in the development, marketing, distribution and potential licensing of a broad array of products and technologies that may help individuals who are affected by muscle tension. The Company is also continually evaluating products and technologies in the Natural Wellness space, separate from its core focus on muscle tension. The Company has already identified potential products and technologies of interest and is actively working towards the goal of creating an innovative product line to launch the business activities of ColluMauxil Therapeutics LLC, the Company's previously announced new planned wholly-owned subsidiary. The Company believes that one of its most important strengths is its access to and relationships with potentially substantial distribution systems and networks. The Company intends to capitalize on distribution opportunities and will continually update shareholders on such developments. The Company is also prosecuting (as Plaintiff) its ongoing malpractice lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm, for which it's seeking monetary damages in excess of $4,000,000 USD.Read MoreNON SOLICITATION:This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. Any securities offered or issued in connection with the above-referenced merger and/or investment have not been registered, and will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration.DISCLAIMERS:Forward-Looking Statements: Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking statements" as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation: expectations, expects, anticipates, believes, hopes, beliefs, plans and objectives regarding matters included in this press release, including but not limited to the marketing and production of its RolLeaf product(s) and the laws relating to CBD oil. Such forward-looking statements are based on present circumstances and on Tauriga's predictions with respect to events that have not occurred, that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences and timing than those now assumed or anticipated. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include general economic and business conditions, the ability to successfully develop and market products, consumer and business consumption habits, the ability to fund operations and other factors over which Tauriga has little or no control. Such forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release, and Tauriga assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors are discussed in documents filed from time to time by Tauriga with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration, or an applicable exemption from registration, under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextQuiz: Which Company Makes Your Favorite Junk Food?The StreetGoDaddy Pulls the Plug on Its Amazon-Like Cloud BusinessFortuneBoston Scientific (BSX) Q2 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock?ZacksCramer Remix: Amazon is king, whether you like it or notCNBCIntuitive Surgical, Inc. in 3 Charts -- The Motley FoolThe Motley FoolTrump offers White House communications director job to Anthony ScaramucciYahoo FinanceThe CIA director just dropped some heavy hints that the US is looking into regime change in North KoreaBusiness Insider2 Dudes in a Car: Blissing out in the Lincoln ContinentalYahoo FinanceVisa is just an animal and an awesome stock: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoToday's charts: Amazon pricing under review; GE shares hit 19-month low; eBay drops on guidanceYahoo FinanceVisa eyes fresh high, eBay falls on outlook, Plug Power surges on Walmart dealYahoo FinanceTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressThe explanation for the tumbling US dollar starts with TrumpYahoo FinanceGE has been dead money for several years: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoMoney Basics: What is the Fed?Yahoo FinanceKellyanne Conway just escalated the White House's campaign against Robert MuellerBusiness InsiderFormer A.G. Holder defends Mueller as White House reportedly sharpens the knivesOhBeQuiet: We all have front row seats to the implosion of a presidency.Join the Conversation1 / 52.5k
















Product - Tauriga Sciences






































































 USA: +1 917-796-9926
 



 Email: info@tauriga.com
 










 







 

















 










 




















MUSCLE TENSION RELIEF 
		

With CBD Oil 
		


 


 










Capuacu Balm

I am text block. Click edit button to change this text. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut elit tellus, luctus nec ullamcorper mattis, pulvinar dapibus leo.

  










Product 2

I am text block. Click edit button to change this text. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut elit tellus, luctus nec ullamcorper mattis, pulvinar dapibus leo.

  










Roll Leaf

I am text block. Click edit button to change this text. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Ut elit tellus, luctus nec ullamcorper mattis, pulvinar dapibus leo.

 








Herman

Ice Jam – Cupuacu Butter Balm

  




 
 

 
 













































Technology | Energy | Manufacturing | Electronics | Compounds



























Taurigasciences.com  the latest in business sciences, industry, and manufacturing news
Welcome - browse articles related to technology, energy, manufacturing, electronics, and more.
TECHNOLOGY
As technology continues to make leaps and bounds, moving humankind forward, is your business keeping up? Whether you specialize in silicone molds, defense electronics, or energy systems, evolving with the times is what separates thriving businesses from those that have failed. 
Adaption is what keeps our world and our technology moving - your business must adapt and change too. Utilizing the newest, most cutting edge technologies not only keep your business afloat, it helps separate you from your competition. And isn't that enough in itself?
ENERGY
When a manufacturing or production plant runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, does anyone consider how much energy is required to power the operations? Sure, the plant manager or maybe even the CEO is concerned with how much their energy bills are every month. But what if there was a better way to power your plant, cut-down on outages, and save money?
In a time where alternate energy sources are gaining popularity, everyone wants to find a better energy solution. Microgrid energy is one such solution, designed to power a plant with or independently from the main power grid. Extra energy can even be stored, saving money and downtimes. Plants with their own microgrid energy system become independent from the main grid, making a world of business to the bottom line. 
MANUFACTURING
We've all heard those, "you're only as good as..." sayings. When it comes to manufacturing, you're only as good as the tools you have. Even when only one machine is down, your whole production line can go down too if it's dependent on that piece. For little downtime and a good profit margin, every piece of your production needs to be moving and working as it should. If one falls, so do the rest.
Every good manufacturing operation will know how to stop rust, prevent corrosion, and head off any other common machine issues. These things are vital to control when the whole system depends on each other. Rust and corrosion, rot, or general wear-and-tear can get in the way of a well-designed system. Don't let the smallest things affect your profits.
ELECTRONICS
The electronics that power our newest and most innovative technologies always have to be one step ahead. When new software and systems are rolled out, the actual electronic devices that power them need to be of the highest quality. This is even more necessary in the case of electronics contract manufacturing.
The electronic systems used in the defense of our country are of the utmost importance. Without cutting edge technologies and skill electronic manufacturing, our military wouldn't be as advanced as it is. When it's a matter of homeland security and the safety of the American people, the defense manufacturers have to be experienced, skilled, and exceptional.
COMPOUNDS
When your company depends on parts from another to build your product, those parts have to be exceptionally made. For companies that manufacture food-safe or medical-grade products, the parts you use have to be ever better than exceptional. With endless regulations on plastic parts, your medical grade PVC compounds have stack up.
In fact, it is exceptional parts and manufacturing that define success in markets where control is everything. Without controlled and regulated parts, producing things like IVs or shots wouldn't be possible. All of these regulations and are in place to keep patients and people everywhere safe and healthy.





Topics
TechnologyRead more
EnergyRead More
ManufacturingRead More
ElectronicsRead More
CompoundsRead More





© 2017, taurigasciences.com All Rights Reserved



Scroll




TAUG Stock Price - Tauriga Sciences Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

White House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,561.04


-50.74


-0.23%











S&P 500

2,470.37


-3.08


-0.12%











Nasdaq

6,381.35


-8.66


-0.14%











GlobalDow

2,833.50


-8.17


-0.29%











Gold

1,260.60


8.50


0.68%











Oil

45.82


-1.10


-2.34%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
8.0




COF 
8.0




MCO 
4.9




ETFC 
4.8






HP
-4.2




ISRG
-4.0




HBAN
-3.5




BWA
-3.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








2:07p

Updated
Not even free money can make some people go to the gym 



2:06p

Updated
10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker



2:06p

Updated
Want to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things



2:05p

Updated
Note to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying



2:05p

Preserving a fruitful retirement



2:03p

Updated
This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight



2:03p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



2:02p

Updated
7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived



2:03p

Updated
5 reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)



2:02p

Updated
What Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


TAUG


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



TAUG
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Tauriga Sciences Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateTAUGAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 1:31 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.001



-0.0001
-9.09%






Previous Close




$0.0011





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




70.98% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    10M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 14.1M
            





Open: 0.0011
Last: 0.001



0.0009
Day Low/High
0.0011





Day Range



0.0008
52 Week Low/High
0.0120


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0011



Day Range
0.0009 - 0.0011



52 Week Range
0.0008 - 0.0120



Market Cap
$2.28M



Shares Outstanding
1.8B



Public Float
1.6B



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
14.14M




 


Performance




5 Day


-16.53%







1 Month


-28.06%







3 Month


-33.33%







YTD


-84.38%







1 Year


-85.71%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-K: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.
10-K: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.

Jul. 7, 2017 at 3:33 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





226 Marijuana Stocks: It Is Still Too Early To Buy The Sector
226 Marijuana Stocks: It Is Still Too Early To Buy The Sector

Jun. 19, 2017 at 10:54 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks: April And Early May 2017 Downward Drift Continues For The Sector
227 Marijuana Stocks: April And Early May 2017 Downward Drift Continues For The Sector

May. 8, 2017 at 2:40 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





216 Marijuana Stocks: Attorney General Jeff Sessions May Have Killed The Rally, But For How Long?


Apr. 14, 2017 at 2:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





231 Marijuana Stocks - One Week Returns Following Attorney General Sessions' Remarks


Mar. 6, 2017 at 4:07 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





207 Marijuana Stocks: Nevada Corporations Outperform Delaware, Canada And Other Over 1, 4 And 52-Week Periods


Feb. 13, 2017 at 1:13 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Jan. 31, 2017 at 10:53 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Marijuana Stocks And The January Effect: N=229 Stocks Up An Average Of 51%


Jan. 30, 2017 at 7:12 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks: Second Week Of 2017 At 9.5% To 12.9% Returns From The January Effect


Jan. 16, 2017 at 5:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





230 Marijuana Stocks: Testing The 'January Effect' And Building Your Own Portfolio For 2017


Jan. 8, 2017 at 8:03 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks For Your Post-Christmas, Post-Santa Claus Rally Shopping List


Dec. 28, 2016 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Dec. 5, 2016 at 2:25 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Nov. 9, 2016 at 10:41 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Oct. 14, 2016 at 9:55 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Aug. 9, 2016 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Marijuana Stocks: The Biggest U.S. Reporting LOSERS Over The Past 12-Months


Feb. 22, 2016 at 3:45 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Reviews Of 15 Marijuana Stocks Before The Marijuana Investor Summit - Part IX


Apr. 21, 2015 at 1:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Pot Stock Crash Redux: $23.3B Loss?


on Seeking Alpha





48 Marijuana Stocks - A Post-Mortem: Part II


Mar. 4, 2015 at 8:36 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks: Seeking Liquidity


Mar. 2, 2015 at 8:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 per share
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 per share

Jun. 29, 2017 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder Meeting
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder Meeting

Jun. 28, 2017 at 11:56 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units with Display Cases and Promotional Literature
Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units with Display Cases and Promotional Literature

Jun. 27, 2017 at 9:15 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USD
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USD

Jun. 26, 2017 at 8:15 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125

Jun. 21, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future

Jun. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product

Jun. 16, 2017 at 12:13 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Personal Investment of $95,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Personal Investment of $95,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Additional Working Capital from Two Existing Investors
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Additional Working Capital from Two Existing Investors

May. 31, 2017 at 2:08 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Assigned Trial Date on November 6, 2017 from United States District Court New Jersey
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Assigned Trial Date on November 6, 2017 from United States District Court New Jersey

May. 24, 2017 at 7:15 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and Graphics
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and Graphics

May. 17, 2017 at 12:33 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Enters into Three Comprehensive Amendment Agreements with Existing Debt Holder Group 10 Holdings LLC
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Enters into Three Comprehensive Amendment Agreements with Existing Debt Holder Group 10 Holdings LLC

May. 16, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By Jury
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By Jury

Apr. 28, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures More than $100,000 USD of Additional Funding from Existing Institutional & Accredited Individual Investors


Mar. 28, 2017 at 11:57 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Notified by Federal District Court New Jersey of April 17, 2017 Trial Status Conference


Mar. 7, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Receives Notification from DTCC That the Company has Been Approved for DWAC Services


Jan. 27, 2017 at 1:42 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Open Therapeutics LLC Buys Majority Stake of Pilus Energy Subsidiary 
      from Tauriga Sciences, Inc.


Jan. 5, 2017 at 3:03 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Featured in Prestigious London, U.K. Based Cosmetics Business Publication


Jan. 4, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension Relief


Jan. 3, 2017 at 11:23 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Enters into Non-Exclusive License Agreement to Market Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm


Dec. 29, 2016 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Tauriga Sciences Inc.


            
            Tauriga Sciences, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. It focuses on biotherapeutics and diagnostics, medical devices, and consumer healthcare. The company was founded on April 8, 2001 and is headquartered in Danbury, CT.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
2.15%
$13.84M


Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc.
1.54%
$36.54M


OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.
-2.48%
$136.57M


Omni Bio Pharmaceutical Inc.
-21.89%
$1.63M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





SNAP

-2.69%








MSFT

-1.25%








TMUS

2.08%








S

1.94%








V

1.84%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

White House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




2:08 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:07pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:07p10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
2:06pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
2:05pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:05pPreserving a fruitful retirement
2:04pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:03pThe dark side of cruises
2:03p5 reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:03pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:03p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
2:03p‘Property Brothers’ is inspiring homeowners to remodel — but creating fictional expectations about how much it costs
2:02pWhite House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog
2:01pThis week’s retirement news
2:01pHollywood is using social causes to sell movie tickets 
1:49pGold marks highest settlement in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:48pSpicer says in a tweet he'll continue in job through August
1:43pAugust gold climbs $9.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,254.90/oz
1:43pGold prices end at highest level in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,560.92

-50.86
-0.24%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,381.34

-8.66
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.39

-3.06
-0.12%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

White House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




2:08 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:07pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:07p10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
2:06pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
2:05pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:05pPreserving a fruitful retirement
2:04pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:03pThe dark side of cruises
2:03p5 reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:03pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:03p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
2:03p‘Property Brothers’ is inspiring homeowners to remodel — but creating fictional expectations about how much it costs
2:02pWhite House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog
2:01pThis week’s retirement news
2:01pHollywood is using social causes to sell movie tickets 
1:49pGold marks highest settlement in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:48pSpicer says in a tweet he'll continue in job through August
1:43pAugust gold climbs $9.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,254.90/oz
1:43pGold prices end at highest level in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,561.30

-50.48
-0.23%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,381.34

-8.66
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.37

-3.08
-0.12%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

White House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




2:08 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:07pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:07p10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
2:06pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
2:05pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:05pPreserving a fruitful retirement
2:04pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:03pThe dark side of cruises
2:03p5 reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:03pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:03p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
2:03p‘Property Brothers’ is inspiring homeowners to remodel — but creating fictional expectations about how much it costs
2:02pWhite House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog
2:01pThis week’s retirement news
2:01pHollywood is using social causes to sell movie tickets 
1:49pGold marks highest settlement in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:48pSpicer says in a tweet he'll continue in job through August
1:43pAugust gold climbs $9.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,254.90/oz
1:43pGold prices end at highest level in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,561.37

-50.41
-0.23%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,381.39

-8.61
-0.13%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.38

-3.07
-0.12%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































TAUG Stock Price - Tauriga Sciences Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

White House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,561.04


-50.74


-0.23%











S&P 500

2,470.37


-3.08


-0.12%











Nasdaq

6,381.35


-8.66


-0.14%











GlobalDow

2,833.50


-8.17


-0.29%











Gold

1,260.60


8.50


0.68%











Oil

45.82


-1.10


-2.34%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
8.0




COF 
8.0




MCO 
4.9




ETFC 
4.8






HP
-4.2




ISRG
-4.0




HBAN
-3.5




BWA
-3.2














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








2:07p

Updated
Not even free money can make some people go to the gym 



2:06p

Updated
10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker



2:06p

Updated
Want to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things



2:05p

Updated
Note to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying



2:05p

Preserving a fruitful retirement



2:03p

Updated
This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight



2:03p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



2:02p

Updated
7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived



2:03p

Updated
5 reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)



2:02p

Updated
What Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


TAUG


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



TAUG
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Tauriga Sciences Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateTAUGAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 1:31 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.001



-0.0001
-9.09%






Previous Close




$0.0011





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




70.98% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    10M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 14.1M
            





Open: 0.0011
Last: 0.001



0.0009
Day Low/High
0.0011





Day Range



0.0008
52 Week Low/High
0.0120


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0011



Day Range
0.0009 - 0.0011



52 Week Range
0.0008 - 0.0120



Market Cap
$2.28M



Shares Outstanding
1.8B



Public Float
1.6B



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$0.00



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
14.14M




 


Performance




5 Day


-16.53%







1 Month


-28.06%







3 Month


-33.33%







YTD


-84.38%







1 Year


-85.71%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-K: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.
10-K: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.

Jul. 7, 2017 at 3:33 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





226 Marijuana Stocks: It Is Still Too Early To Buy The Sector
226 Marijuana Stocks: It Is Still Too Early To Buy The Sector

Jun. 19, 2017 at 10:54 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks: April And Early May 2017 Downward Drift Continues For The Sector
227 Marijuana Stocks: April And Early May 2017 Downward Drift Continues For The Sector

May. 8, 2017 at 2:40 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





216 Marijuana Stocks: Attorney General Jeff Sessions May Have Killed The Rally, But For How Long?


Apr. 14, 2017 at 2:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





231 Marijuana Stocks - One Week Returns Following Attorney General Sessions' Remarks


Mar. 6, 2017 at 4:07 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





207 Marijuana Stocks: Nevada Corporations Outperform Delaware, Canada And Other Over 1, 4 And 52-Week Periods


Feb. 13, 2017 at 1:13 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Jan. 31, 2017 at 10:53 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Marijuana Stocks And The January Effect: N=229 Stocks Up An Average Of 51%


Jan. 30, 2017 at 7:12 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks: Second Week Of 2017 At 9.5% To 12.9% Returns From The January Effect


Jan. 16, 2017 at 5:47 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





230 Marijuana Stocks: Testing The 'January Effect' And Building Your Own Portfolio For 2017


Jan. 8, 2017 at 8:03 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks For Your Post-Christmas, Post-Santa Claus Rally Shopping List


Dec. 28, 2016 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Dec. 5, 2016 at 2:25 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Nov. 9, 2016 at 10:41 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Oct. 14, 2016 at 9:55 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.


Aug. 9, 2016 at 6:48 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Marijuana Stocks: The Biggest U.S. Reporting LOSERS Over The Past 12-Months


Feb. 22, 2016 at 3:45 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Reviews Of 15 Marijuana Stocks Before The Marijuana Investor Summit - Part IX


Apr. 21, 2015 at 1:43 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Pot Stock Crash Redux: $23.3B Loss?


on Seeking Alpha





48 Marijuana Stocks - A Post-Mortem: Part II


Mar. 4, 2015 at 8:36 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks: Seeking Liquidity


Mar. 2, 2015 at 8:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 per share
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 per share

Jun. 29, 2017 at 10:49 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder Meeting
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder Meeting

Jun. 28, 2017 at 11:56 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units with Display Cases and Promotional Literature
Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units with Display Cases and Promotional Literature

Jun. 27, 2017 at 9:15 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USD
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USD

Jun. 26, 2017 at 8:15 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125

Jun. 21, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future

Jun. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product

Jun. 16, 2017 at 12:13 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Personal Investment of $95,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Personal Investment of $95,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125

Jun. 15, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Additional Working Capital from Two Existing Investors
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Additional Working Capital from Two Existing Investors

May. 31, 2017 at 2:08 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Assigned Trial Date on November 6, 2017 from United States District Court New Jersey
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Assigned Trial Date on November 6, 2017 from United States District Court New Jersey

May. 24, 2017 at 7:15 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and Graphics
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and Graphics

May. 17, 2017 at 12:33 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Enters into Three Comprehensive Amendment Agreements with Existing Debt Holder Group 10 Holdings LLC
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Enters into Three Comprehensive Amendment Agreements with Existing Debt Holder Group 10 Holdings LLC

May. 16, 2017 at 8:01 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By Jury
Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By Jury

Apr. 28, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures More than $100,000 USD of Additional Funding from Existing Institutional & Accredited Individual Investors


Mar. 28, 2017 at 11:57 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Notified by Federal District Court New Jersey of April 17, 2017 Trial Status Conference


Mar. 7, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Receives Notification from DTCC That the Company has Been Approved for DWAC Services


Jan. 27, 2017 at 1:42 p.m. ET
on Marketwired





Open Therapeutics LLC Buys Majority Stake of Pilus Energy Subsidiary 
      from Tauriga Sciences, Inc.


Jan. 5, 2017 at 3:03 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Featured in Prestigious London, U.K. Based Cosmetics Business Publication


Jan. 4, 2017 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension Relief


Jan. 3, 2017 at 11:23 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Enters into Non-Exclusive License Agreement to Market Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm


Dec. 29, 2016 at 7:45 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Tauriga Sciences Inc.


            
            Tauriga Sciences, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. It focuses on biotherapeutics and diagnostics, medical devices, and consumer healthcare. The company was founded on April 8, 2001 and is headquartered in Danbury, CT.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
2.15%
$13.84M


Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc.
1.54%
$36.54M


OncoMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.
-2.48%
$136.57M


Omni Bio Pharmaceutical Inc.
-21.89%
$1.63M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





SNAP

-2.69%








MSFT

-1.24%








TMUS

2.08%








S

1.97%








V

1.82%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.











需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


Tauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and GraphicsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 1 hr 52 minsS&P 5002,470.32-3.13 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,561.00-50.78 (-0.23%)Nasdaq6,381.35-8.65 (-0.14%)Stocks to WatchVisa eyes fresh high, eBay falls, Plug Power surgesTauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and GraphicsMarketwiredMay 17, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - May 17, 2017) -  Tauriga Sciences Inc. (  OTC PINK :  TAUG ) ("Tauriga" or "the Company"), a Company engaged in the building of businesses in the life sciences space, has today announced that the Company is planning to launch its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm product (Branded as HERMAN) to the retail marketplace. This launch will incorporate the new and improved label design and graphics, taking into account the feedback obtained from potential customers and retailers during the test-marketing phase (January 1, 2017 - April 30, 2017).Recall that during late December 2016, Tauriga announced the execution of a non-exclusive License Agreement with Cleveland, Ohio based cosmetics firm Ice + Jam LLC ("Ice + Jam"). The two companies are currently finalizing negotiations and financial commitments for the upcoming product launch.Tauriga's Chief Executive Officer Mr. Seth M. Shaw expressed, "The Company is excited to launch this proprietary product and has listened carefully to the advice of multiple potential clients over the past several months. As soon as the newly designed label and package is complete, the Company will notify shareholders and upload product images to its corporate website. The Company has been pleased with the consumer feedback it has received concerning both the quality and aroma of the product -- during the sampling phase."ABOUT TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (  OTC PINK :  TAUG ) is a fully reporting life sciences company engaged in the development, marketing, distribution and potential licensing of a broad array of products and technologies that may help individuals who are affected by muscle tension. The Company has already identified potential products and technologies of interest and is actively working towards the goal of creating an innovative product line to launch the business activities of ColluMauxil Therapeutics LLC (The Company's previously announced new planned wholly owned subsidiary). The Company believes that one of its most important strengths is its access to and relationships with potentially substantial distribution systems and networks. The Company intends to capitalize on distribution opportunities and will continually update shareholders on such developments. The Company is also prosecuting (as Plaintiff) its ongoing malpractice lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm, for which it's seeking monetary damages in excess of $4,500,000 USD.NON SOLICITATION:This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. Any securities offered or issued in connection with the above-referenced merger and/or investment have not been registered, and will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration.DISCLAIMER:Forward-Looking Statements: Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking statements" as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation: expectations, expects, anticipates, believes, hopes, beliefs, plans and objectives regarding the development, use and marketability of products as well as the attainment of certain corporate goals and milestones (i.e. SEC Periodic Filings, Filing of Proxies, etc.). Such forward-looking statements are based on present circumstances and on Tauriga's predictions with respect to events that have not occurred, that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences and timing than those now assumed or anticipated. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include general economic and business conditions, the ability to successfully develop and market products, consumer and business consumption habits, the ability to fund operations and other factors over which Tauriga has little or no control. Such forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release, and Tauriga assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors are discussed in documents filed from time to time by Tauriga with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration, or an applicable exemption from registration, under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextQuiz: Which Company Makes Your Favorite Junk Food?The StreetGoDaddy Pulls the Plug on Its Amazon-Like Cloud BusinessFortuneBoston Scientific (BSX) Q2 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock?ZacksCramer Remix: Amazon is king, whether you like it or notCNBCIntuitive Surgical, Inc. in 3 Charts -- The Motley FoolThe Motley FoolTrump offers White House communications director job to Anthony ScaramucciYahoo FinanceThe CIA director just dropped some heavy hints that the US is looking into regime change in North KoreaBusiness Insider2 Dudes in a Car: Blissing out in the Lincoln ContinentalYahoo FinanceVisa is just an animal and an awesome stock: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoToday's charts: Amazon pricing under review; GE shares hit 19-month low; eBay drops on guidanceYahoo FinanceVisa eyes fresh high, eBay falls on outlook, Plug Power surges on Walmart dealYahoo FinanceTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressThe explanation for the tumbling US dollar starts with TrumpYahoo FinanceGE has been dead money for several years: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoMoney Basics: What is the Fed?Yahoo FinanceKellyanne Conway just escalated the White House's campaign against Robert MuellerBusiness InsiderFormer A.G. Holder defends Mueller as White House reportedly sharpens the knivesOhBeQuiet: We all have front row seats to the implosion of a presidency.Join the Conversation1 / 52.5k










Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension Relief




























      Questions? +1 800-883-2055
      

Set Up FREE Account
Submit Release

















        Why Us
        




        Press Releases
        



Services


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution


Resources

Contact









Contact





Resources

Contact





World Media Directory
    ·
    
RSS
    ·
    
Email Newsletters


    There were 489 press releases posted in the last 24 hours and 171,350 in the last 365 days.
  









Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension Relief


/EINPresswire.com/ -- NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Jan 3, 2017) -  Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) ("Tauriga" or the "Company"), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced it has completed the formulation, graphics, and packaging for its proprietary CBD infused Roll On product for muscle tension relief, branded and trademarked under the name RolLeaf. As previously disclosed, the Company is forming a new subsidiary called ColluMauxil Therapeutics LLC ("ColluMauxil") to focus on the development, marketing, and licensing of non-opioid products and product lines that specifically target muscle tension, a key component of pain. From a logistics standpoint, the Company believes the RolLeaf product(s) will be ready for marketing and distribution to the retail marketplace during the 1st calendar quarter of 2017. 
A key ingredient of the product is cannabidiol (CBD) isolate, which is 99+% pure, anhydrous (crystalline) cannabidiol (CBD) that is extracted from hemp. Because the Company's formula utilizes 99+% pure CBD isolate that contains no THC, the Company formulated the RolLeaf product(s) with the expectation that sales of this product would be legal in all 50 states, South America, Europe and Australia.
On December 14, 2016 the United States Drug Enforcement Agency (the "DEA") added a notice to the Federal Register that quietly informed the public that it had established "a new drug code for marihuana extract." The DEA's argument is that the agency is entitled to regulate CBD oil because all extracts contain trace amounts of THC, the active ingredient in cannabis which remains illegal at the federal level. 
As a result Tauriga sought legal advice from several reputable law firms and legal sources to ensure that its shareholders are protected and that the Company complies with all federal and state regulations. After careful legal review, the Company believes at this time, that RolLeaf remains legal to sell throughout the United States. Specifically Section 7606 of the 2014 Congressional Farm Bill (H.R. 2642 - Agricultural Act of 2014 of the 113th Congress) defines hemp as distinct from marijuana and is therefore removed from the definition as a controlled substance when grown under a compliant state program. Additionally cannabidiol (CBD) is not listed on the federal schedule of controlled substances and the Final Rule published on December 14th by the DEA was not a scheduling action but rather an administrative action related to record keeping. However in light of these recent events, the Company believes that there may be increased risk in the future (with respect to CBD) due to the DEA's recent categorization efforts.
It should also be noted that Tauriga has obtained 3rd party laboratory certificate of analysis (COA) confirming that the CBD isolate used in formulating RolLeaf is both pure and within the guidelines of what is currently legal to sell in the United States.
Tauriga's CEO Seth M. Shaw expressed, "The Company has been excited about the prospects of a commercial launch of its CBD infused Roll On product. Over the past few weeks, there has been significant potential interest expressed to the Company from both distributors and retailers alike. The Company has worked diligently to complete what it believes to be an excellent product with a focus also on the graphics, logo, and packaging to enhance attractiveness. Due to the DEA's December 14th proclamation, the Company has been extremely cautious and diligent in understanding and complying with the legal landscape and potential future consequences to launching a product such as RolLeaf. The Company will continue to follow developments very closely and fully commits to its shareholders that it will work to comply with all federal or state laws in its efforts to build potential long term businesses and revenue streams."
ABOUT TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (OTC PINK: TAUG) is a current reporting life sciences company engaged in the development, marketing, distribution and potential licensing of a broad array of products and technologies that may help individuals who are affected by muscle tension. The Company is also continually evaluating products and technologies in the Natural Wellness space, separate from its core focus on muscle tension. The Company has already identified potential products and technologies of interest and is actively working towards the goal of creating an innovative product line to launch the business activities of ColluMauxil Therapeutics LLC, the Company's previously announced new planned wholly-owned subsidiary. The Company believes that one of its most important strengths is its access to and relationships with potentially substantial distribution systems and networks. The Company intends to capitalize on distribution opportunities and will continually update shareholders on such developments. The Company is also prosecuting (as Plaintiff) its ongoing malpractice lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm, for which it's seeking monetary damages in excess of $4,000,000 USD.
NON SOLICITATION:
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. Any securities offered or issued in connection with the above-referenced merger and/or investment have not been registered, and will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration.
DISCLAIMERS:
Forward-Looking Statements: Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking statements" as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation: expectations, expects, anticipates, believes, hopes, beliefs, plans and objectives regarding matters included in this press release, including but not limited to the marketing and production of its RolLeaf product(s) and the laws relating to CBD oil. Such forward-looking statements are based on present circumstances and on Tauriga's predictions with respect to events that have not occurred, that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences and timing than those now assumed or anticipated. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include general economic and business conditions, the ability to successfully develop and market products, consumer and business consumption habits, the ability to fund operations and other factors over which Tauriga has little or no control. Such forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release, and Tauriga assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors are discussed in documents filed from time to time by Tauriga with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration, or an applicable exemption from registration, under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.



Tauriga Sciences, Inc.
Mr. Seth Shaw
Chief Executive Officer
Tel: 1-917-796-9926
Email: sshaw@tauriga.com






  Share on
  
  Facebook
  ·
  
  Twitter
  ·
  
  LinkedIn
  ·
  
  Google+



      Distribution channels:
      Beauty & Hair Care, Consumer Goods, Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals





  Share This Story




  Facebook

  Twitter

  LinkedIn

  Google+


    Print
  



  More From This Source



Platinex Announces Expiry of Letter of Intent


BCSC settles with former B.C. resident for breaching national mining standard


Ecom Products Group Announces Another Free China Market Entry Seminar; E-commerce Strategies to Enter and Expand in ...

View All Stories From This Source


Submit Release





































EIN Presswire


Follow @EINPresswire






Back to top





Quick Links:


Submit Releases


Login


Set Up FREE Account


Pricing & Comparison Chart


Distribution




Resources:


RSS


Email Newsletters


World Media Directory


EIN Newsdesk


NewsPlugin






Press Releases:


All Press Releases


Featured Press Releases


Search Press Releases


Browse by Date




Featured Clients:


WiseGuyReports.com


Marketwired


IT Governance






Help & Information Center:


Why Us?


About EIN Presswire


Helpful Tips


Video Tutorial


Client Testimonials


Blog


Services



Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release





User Agreement


Privacy Policy

Contact













EIN News Home

About EIN News

                  Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in real-time news tracking and digital information services. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered and organized into news streams. The process is supervised by a team of professional news editors.
                

                  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive news streams on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
                

EIN News
                  is a division of
                  Internet Product Development Group Inc.

                  To reach us send an
                  email
                  or call +1 202-540-8337 or +1 800-883-2055.
                



EIN Presswire


Events & Conferences


Newsfeed Maker


Inbox Robot


IPD Group



EIN Twitter



EIN Facebook






© 1995-2017 IPD Group, Inc. dba EIN Presswire | EIN News. All Right Reserved.
  |
  User Agreement
  |
  Privacy Policy
  |
  Contact






Why Us


Testimonials - Client Reviews


Blog posts


Video Tutorials






Browse All Releases


Browse Featured Release


Browse By Topic


Browse by Date






Free Press Release Distribution


Press Release Distribution Services


Send Press Release


Submit Free Press Release






Press Release Distribution


Media Monitoring






Distribution Overview


World Media Directory


U.S. TV-Radio


Microwires


Newsdesk


NewsPlugin




















    TAUG Key Statistics - Tauriga Sciences Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































X

Tweet
 

Share this bulletin

Get news bulletins by email

Bulletin

White House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Tauriga Sciences Inc.

                  OTC: TAUG
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Tauriga Sciences Inc.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 1:31 p.m.


TAUG

/quotes/zigman/15059637/delayed


$
0.0010




Change

-0.0001
-9.09%

Volume
Volume 10.04m
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/15059637/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.0011
		


$
				0.0010
			
Change

-0.0001
-9.09%





Day low
Day high
$0.0009
$0.0011










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0008
        

            $0.01
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Tauriga Sciences, Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. It focuses on biotherapeutics and diagnostics, medical devices, and consumer healthcare. The company was founded on April 8, 2001 and is headquartered in Danbury, CT.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-0.69


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-0.84


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-1.81


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.10

Efficiency

Income Per Employee
-1,135,650.00

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.00


Quick Ratio
0.00


Cash Ratio
0.00



Profitability

Return on Assets
-32,544.78

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
8,073.80





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Seth M. Shaw 
36
2012
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Mr. Kevin P. Lacey 
48
2017
Chief Financial Officer



Dr. Lawrence A. May 
68
2014
Chief Medical Officer



Ms. Phyllis  Scaletter 
-
2014
Senior Vice President



Mr. Cody  Harrison 
-
2014
Senior Vice President





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/21/2017

Seth M. Shaw 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

44,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


06/15/2017

Seth M. Shaw 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

76,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0 per share.


0


09/14/2016

Thomas James Graham 
Director

600,000


 
Disposition at $0 per share.


0


07/08/2016

Thomas James Graham 
Director

72,500


 
Disposition at $0.01 per share.


725


03/30/2016

Hingge Hsu 
Director

8,000,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/30/2016

Thomas James Graham 
Director

8,000,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/04/2016

Thomas James Graham 
Director

169,700


 
Disposition at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2015

Thomas James Graham 
Director

137,300


 
Disposition at $0 per share.


0


11/09/2015

Thomas James Graham 
Director

247,000


 
Disposition at $0 per share.


0


03/23/2015

Stella M. Sung                            
CEO; Director

800,000


 
Acquisition at $0.01 per share.


8,000


11/24/2014

Open Therapeutics LLC                            


804,150


 
Disposition at $0.02 per share.


16,083








/news/latest/company/us/taug

      MarketWatch News on TAUG
    
No News currently available for TAUG





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/taug

      Other News on TAUG
    
No News currently available for TAUG










At a Glance

Tauriga Sciences, Inc.
39 Old Ridgebury Road


Danbury, Connecticut 06180




Phone
-


Industry
Pharmaceuticals


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
03/2018


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-2.27M


Employees

        2.00


Annual Report for TAUG











/news/pressrelease/company/us/taug

      Press Releases on TAUG
    




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 per share
10:49 a.m. June 29, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder Meeting
11:56 a.m. June 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units with Display Cases and Promotional Literature
9:15 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USD
8:15 a.m. June 26, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125
1:30 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future
8:00 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product
12:13 p.m. June 16, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Personal Investment of $95,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment Structured as Equity Private Placement Priced at $0.00125
8:00 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Additional Working Capital from Two Existing Investors
2:08 p.m. May 31, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Assigned Trial Date on November 6, 2017 from United States District Court New Jersey
7:15 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Prepares to Launch Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Product Incorporating Improved Label Design and Graphics
12:33 p.m. May 17, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Enters into Three Comprehensive Amendment Agreements with Existing Debt Holder Group 10 Holdings LLC
8:01 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Confirms Court Date on May 23, 2017 Concerning the Motions to Set Matter For Trial and Trial By Jury
10:16 a.m. April 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures More than $100,000 USD of Additional Funding from Existing Institutional & Accredited Individual Investors
11:57 a.m. March 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Notified by Federal District Court New Jersey of April 17, 2017 Trial Status Conference
8:30 a.m. March 7, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Receives Notification from DTCC That the Company has Been Approved for DWAC Services
2:42 p.m. Jan. 27, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Open Therapeutics LLC Buys Majority Stake of Pilus Energy Subsidiary 
      from Tauriga Sciences, Inc.
4:03 p.m. Jan. 5, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Featured in Prestigious London, U.K. Based Cosmetics Business Publication
8:45 a.m. Jan. 4, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now Complete; Cannabidiol "CBD" Infused Roll On Product for Muscle Tension Relief
12:23 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Enters into Non-Exclusive License Agreement to Market Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm
8:45 a.m. Dec. 29, 2016
 - Marketwired


Loading more headlines...
















Log In




2:08 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:07pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:07p10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
2:06pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
2:05pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:05pPreserving a fruitful retirement
2:04pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:03pThe dark side of cruises
2:03p5 reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:03pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:03p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
2:03p‘Property Brothers’ is inspiring homeowners to remodel — but creating fictional expectations about how much it costs
2:02pWhite House briefs reporters after Spicer quits as press secretary: live blog
2:01pThis week’s retirement news
2:01pHollywood is using social causes to sell movie tickets 
1:49pGold marks highest settlement in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:48pSpicer says in a tweet he'll continue in job through August
1:43pAugust gold climbs $9.40, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,254.90/oz
1:43pGold prices end at highest level in a month, up over 2% for the week
1:36pEuropean stocks log worst daily drop in 3 weeks as euro rallies
1:35pOil drops to a 1-week low with OPEC output expected to rise
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,561.13

-50.65
-0.23%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,381.35

-8.65
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.34

-3.11
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































  TAUG:OTC US Stock Quote - Tauriga Sciences Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Tauriga Sciences Inc   TAUG:US   OTC US        0.00USD   0.00   9.09%     As of 1:40 PM EDT 7/21/2017     Open   0.00    Day Range   0.00 - 0.00    Volume   10,036,100    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.01    1 Yr Return   -84.62%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.00    Day Range   0.00 - 0.00    Volume   10,036,100    Previous Close   0.00    52Wk Range   0.00 - 0.01    1 Yr Return   -84.62%    YTD Return   -84.37%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.02    Market Cap (m USD)   1.866    Shares Outstanding  (b)   2.073    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     6/29/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Investment of $80,000 USD Through a 5% Promissory Note with Fixed Conversion Price of $0.00125 pe     6/28/2017   Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Obtains Stockholders Approval to Increase its Authorized Common Stock at Special Shareholder Meeting     6/27/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. and Ice + Jam LLC Targeting Autumn 2017 Product Launch with Initial Inventory Base of 10,000-15,000 Units     6/26/2017   Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Fully Repays $40,000 USD Face Value Convertible Debenture for One Time Cash Payment of $59,658.96 USD     6/21/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Additional Personal Investment of $55,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; In     6/19/2017   Tauriga Sciences, Inc. Reiterates That it Has No Plans to Enact Any Type of Reverse Split for the Foreseeable Future     6/16/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. Incorporates its New and Improved Label Design for the Upcoming Launch of its Cupuacu Butter Lip Balm Pro     6/15/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. Discloses Personal Investment of $95,000 USD from its Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw; Investment St     5/31/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. Secures Additional Working Capital from Two Existing Investors     5/24/2017   Tauriga Sciences Inc. Assigned Trial Date on November 6, 2017 from United States District Court New Jersey    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Tauriga Sciences Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company develops novel immunotherapy drug products that incorporate living immune cells as the active ingredients for treatment of cancer and infectious disease.    Address  39 Old Ridgebury RoadDanbury, CT 06180United States   Phone  1-917-796-9926   Website   www.taurigasciences.com     Executives Board Members    Seth M Shaw  Chairman/CEO    Kevin P Lacey  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














tauriga sciences - Learn 24/7 - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










The Best Stock Pick of 2017? - The Next Big Thing



Ad
 ·
news-today.com



This Company Might Be Ready To Explode. Tiny Stock, Big Potential




Canadian Weed Stocks Soar | moneymorning.com



Ad
 ·
moneymorning.com/​marijuana-stocks



Forget Energy, Metals and Tech; This Investment is Making Millionaires!





Get Rich From Legal Weed



Weed Stocks Set to Soar



America's Next Gold Rush





Penny Stocks To Invest - Training Session Starts Soon!



Ad
 ·
www.JasonBondPicks.com



Learn 3 Easy Patterns That Made Jason Over $330,000 in 2016 Trading Part-Time!


jasonbondpicks.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(193 reviews)




Trade Like Chuck - International Trading Champion



Ad
 ·
tradelikechuck.com



For a limited time, get my book and my Retirement Catch-Up Plan DVD for free*!




Searches related totauriga sciences



tauriga sciences news


taug stock price today


tauriga sciences message board


growlife inc



taug stock message board


taug stock news


taug


verde science inc




Web Results

Home Original - Tauriga Sciences

tauriga.com


Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) is a diversified life sciences company focused on generating profitable revenues in the natural wellness sector and on developing a ...



Taurig Lawsuit



Tauriga Email



Press Releases



News



Cowan's Censure



Tauriga Sciences Inc

www.taurigasciences.com


Welcome to TaurigaSciences.com - get the latest in business sciences, industry, and manufacturing news. Visit us to browse all of our articles!



Energy



Resistive Touch Screen



Electronics



Code of Ethics



Announcements



TAUG Stock Price - Tauriga Sciences Inc. Stock Quote (U.S ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/TAUG


Tauriga Sciences Inc. stock price, stock quotes and financial overviews from MarketWatch.


Tauriga Sciences - Home | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/TaurigaSciencesInc


Tauriga Sciences, Danbury, CT. 9K likes. Tauriga Sciences Inc. (“the Company”) is a holding company operating mainly in the biotechnology and cleantech...


Tauriga Sciences Inc - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/TAUG:US


Stock analysis for Tauriga Sciences Inc (TAUG:OTC US) including stock price, stock chart, company news, key statistics, fundamentals and company profile.


Tauriga Sciences Inc: OTCMKTS:TAUG quotes & news - Google ...

www.google.com/finance?cid=698651


Get detailed financial information on Tauriga Sciences Inc (OTCMKTS:TAUG) including real-time stock quotes, historical charts & financial news, all for free!


TAURIGA SCIENCES - TAUG - Stock Price & News | The Motley Fool

www.fool.com/quote/nasdaqoth/tauriga-sciences/taug


Real time TAURIGA SCIENCES (TAUG) stock price quote, stock graph, news & analysis.


Tauriga Sciences, Inc. (TAUG) Stock Message Board ...

https://investorshub.advfn.com/Tauriga-Sciences-Inc-TAUG-15789


Company Name: Tauriga Sciences Inc., Stock Symbol: TAUG, Industry: Biotechs, Total Posts: 39550, Last Post: 7/16/2017 9:17:53 AM


TAUG Key Statistics - Tauriga Sciences Inc. Financial ...

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/TAUG/profile


Updated key statistics for Tauriga Sciences Inc. - including TAUG margins, P/E ratio, valuation, profitability, company description, and other stock ...


Tauriga Sciences, Inc. RolLeaf Branded Product Now ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tauriga-sciences-inc-rolleaf...


Tauriga Sciences, Inc. , a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced it has completed the formulation, graphics, and ...










The Best Stock Pick of 2017? - The Next Big Thing



Ad
 ·
news-today.com



This Company Might Be Ready To Explode. Tiny Stock, Big Potential




Canadian Weed Stocks Soar | moneymorning.com



Ad
 ·
moneymorning.com/​marijuana-stocks



Forget Energy, Metals and Tech; This Investment is Making Millionaires!





Get Rich From Legal Weed



Weed Stocks Set to Soar



America's Next Gold Rush





Penny Stocks To Invest - Training Session Starts Soon!



Ad
 ·
www.JasonBondPicks.com



Learn 3 Easy Patterns That Made Jason Over $330,000 in 2016 Trading Part-Time!


jasonbondpicks.com is rated


















Rated 5.0 out of 5.0

(193 reviews)




Trade Like Chuck - International Trading Champion



Ad
 ·
tradelikechuck.com



For a limited time, get my book and my Retirement Catch-Up Plan DVD for free*!



Searches related totauriga sciences



tauriga sciences news


taug stock price today


tauriga sciences message board


growlife inc



taug stock message board


taug stock news


taug


verde science inc




12345Next






Answers







Ronald Fogleman



and the Tauriga Sciences Inc.'s Business Advisory Board On November 11, 2009, General Fogleman was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors at...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








