








Sidney Taurel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Sidney Taurel
Board Member at IBM


View Full Profile
Are you Sidney Taurel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Sidney Taurel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Sidney Taurel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Sidney Taurel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Sidney Taurel through your network of contacts.
												








Sidney Taurel's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
IBM


Past
To view Sidney Taurel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


Sidney Taurel's Biography



Chairman, Pearson plc, a provider of digital education products and services

 

Committees: Chair, Executive Compensation and Management Resources; Executive

 

Qualifications:

�        Global business experience as chairman of Pearson plc and former chairman and chief executive officer of Eli Lilly and Company

�        Private equity management and investment banking experience as former senior advisor of Capital Royalty L.P. and senior advisor of Moelis & Company

�        U.S. Government service (former member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council, the President's Export Council and the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negot ...
(Read More)

			Chairman, Pearson plc, a provider of digital education products and services

 

Committees: Chair, Executive Compensation and Management Resources; Executive

 

Qualifications:

�        Global business experience as chairman of Pearson plc and former chairman and chief executive officer of Eli Lilly and Company

�        Private equity management and investment banking experience as former senior advisor of Capital Royalty L.P. and senior advisor of Moelis & Company

�        U.S. Government service (former member of the Homeland Security Advisory Council, the President's Export Council and the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations)

�        Affiliation with leading business association (graduate member of The Business Council)

�        Outside board experience as a director of McGraw Hill Financial, Inc.

�        Member of a university oversight board

 

Mr. Taurel, 68, joined Eli Lilly in 1971 and held management positions in the company's operations in South America and Europe. He was named president of Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1986, executive vice president of the Pharmaceutical Division in 1991, executive vice president of Eli Lilly and Company in 1993, and president and chief operating officer in 1996. He was named chief executive officer of Eli Lilly and Company in 1998 and chairman in 1999. Mr. Taurel retired as chief executive officer in early 2008 and as chairman in late 2008. He is chairman of Pearson plc. He is also a member of the Board of Overseers of the Columbia Business School, a graduate member of The Business Council and a trustee of the Indianapolis Museum of Art. Additionally, during the past five years, he was a director of McGraw Hill Financial, Inc.
		
Source: IBM on 03/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Sidney Taurel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Sidney Taurel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Sidney Taurel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Sidney Taurel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Sidney Taurel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Sidney Taurel


















Sidney Taurel's Connections (186)





Sign up now to view Sidney Taurel's 186 connections »









Steven M. Paul
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Voyager Therapeutics, Inc.









Andrew N. Liveris
Board Member, IBM









Luciana Fato
Former Executive Vice President and General Counsel, S&P Global, Inc.









Kurt L. Schmoke
Board Member, Legg Mason, Inc.









Michael D. Rhodin
Senior Vice President, IBM Watson, IBM









Kenneth M. Vittor
Former Employee, S&P Global, Inc.









Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express









Gerhard N. Mayr
Former Executive Vice President, Pharmaceutical Operations, Lilly









Michael L. Eskew
Lead Independent Director, 3M Company









Robert C. Weber
Former Senior Advisor, IBM








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Interviews - Sidney Taurel | The Other Drug War | FRONTLINE | PBS






























FRONTLINE
SEARCH FRONTLINE
CLOSE
Recent ProgramsCOMPLETE PROGRAMS »
The Rise of ISISDecember 8th
The Rise of ISISFRONTLINE reports from Iraq on the miscalculations and mistakes behind the brutal rise of ISIS. WATCH »
ISIS in AfghanistanNovember 17th
ISIS in AfghanistanISIS' growing foothold in Afghanistan is captured on film. WATCH »

Next on FRONTLINECHECK LOCAL LISTINGS »

Afghanistan / PakistanBiographiesBusiness / Economy / FinancialCriminal JusticeEducationEnvironmentFamily / ChildrenForeign Affairs / DefenseGovernment / Elections / PoliticsHealth / Science / TechnologyImmigrationIraq / War on TerrorMediaRace / MulticulturalReligionSocial IssuesSportsThe Taliban Hunters
Get Our NewsletterFollow Us











Tips / Contact Us
History
Senior Editorial Team
Producers
Awards
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Journalistic Guidelines
Press Room
Buy DVDs on ShopPBS
Download on iTunes

Teacher Center
FAQs
RECENT GUIDES
College, Inc.
Obama's Deal
The Vaccine War
WATCHSCHEDULETOPICSABOUT FRONTLINESHOPTEACHER CENTER











Sidney Taurel is the chairman, president and CEO of Eli Lilly. In this interview he talks about alternatives to expanding Medicare to include drug  coverage, the problems with Canada's price controls, Maine and Oregon's measures for cutting drug costs, and the benefits of direct-to-consumer advertising. This interview was conducted on Nov. 20, 2002.


The price of prescription drugs as a fraction of health care has been rising sharply. What are the drivers of this rise?
Pharmaceuticals have come to be used more and more as we have made a lot of progress in pharmaceutical innovation and have come up with new products which prolong life, improve the quality of lives, improve productivity. So it is this increase in demand, rather than any price increases, which have driven the share that pharmaceuticals represent of total health care costs. 

This being said, I'd like to put that in perspective, because pharmaceuticals still today represent only 9 percent of total health care costs, which is the lowest percentage of any developed country in the world. As a percentage of gross domestic product, we Americans spend about 1.4 percent of GDP on pharmaceuticals, a percentage which is very similar to other countries in the world.

Are you saying you're the victim of your success? Certainly, pharmaceuticals are used more than they were.
Yes, very much so. I believe that it is actually a good thing for the health care of Americans in general that more pharmaceuticals are being used, because very often pharmaceuticals will help avoid much more invasive, costly, and painful types of medical interventions. 


For example, we no longer have very many ulcer operations, thanks to anti-ulcer compounds. To show another example of cost-beneficial treatments, the new antipsychotics, new generation of products against schizophrenia, help avoid hospitalization, which today it is estimated that the schizophrenic may cost society up to $100,000 a year in treatment costs, mostly because there is a lot of hospitalization involved. With the use of these newer agents, at a fraction of that cost, we keep these people, not only off the hospital, but also many of them are capable of starting again a very productive life.

Part of the problem you face is that consumers are starting to see the price of drugs. Why would a pharmaceutical product be so expensive?
The problem is really that, even though pharmaceuticals represent only 9 percent of total health care costs, for consumers, it appears to be more, because their out-of-pocket expense is higher. For consumers, out-of-pocket pharmaceuticals represent about 30 percent of out-of-pocket expenses. Why? Because we have different insurance systems and different co-pays, different deductibles for pharmaceuticals than we have for the rest of health care. 
That is not logical. Since pharmaceuticals help avoid hospitalization, surgery, and so on, there actually should be incentives for the usage of pharmaceuticals, not disincentives -- which these higher co-pays and deductibles represent.

So it's not fair. But since they see it, they ask why it's so expensive.
Yes. First of all, let me make a point. Should all the profits of the pharmaceutical companies be eliminated, we would make a dent -- and a very temporary dent -- of 1 percent in total health care costs, and would not stop the growth of these health care costs. Those costs increase because populations are aging, because we have more and more revenue, and therefore more and more access to innovation, and because people have more access to information about innovation, and therefore demand that innovation.
The cost of pharmaceuticals is very affected by the cost of research. The research into pharmaceutical products is long, is expensive, and is risky. It takes 12 to 15 years between the time we develop a concept to the time we have a product on the market. We have to start with several tens of thousands of molecules before we get to what is called a lead. Once we have that lead, only one out of 20 leads or so will get you a molecule, which is then going through clinical development. And only one product out of 10 which starts clinical development will make it to the marketplace. Finally, only three products which reach the marketplace out of 10 will recoup their costs of R&D. 
So it's a very, very, very risky business. As a result, investors expect high returns to compensate for the high risks of this business.

It appears that this industry is more profitable than any other industry over the last 20 years -- with a 20 percent return. Is that true?
If you look at the 2001 figures, the industry as a whole had an 18 percent return, so you're pretty close. But within that 18 percent, one company lost money, and a couple were below 10 percent. 
In 2002, we are seeing a significant reduction in those returns, because we have patent expirations of a number of products, and the expected fruits of the genomics revolution are taking a little longer to arrive. That illustrates, really, the risks of this business.
It takes a very, very long time and a lot of money to bring a product to market -- 12 to 15 years, in terms of the development cycle. A very, very small percentage of the products that we start with make it to the marketplace. A very small percentage of them actually recoup their costs. The costs have escalated from about $200 million per molecule, 15 years ago, to about $800 million today, as per the latest studies. Therefore, this is a very, very high-risk business.
When you look now at the patent system, patents are valid for 20 years. But this starts from the time when the patent issues, which is typically the very beginning of the development process. Once the product is on the market, it is protected effectively for a much, much shorter period of time, which today is like 10-12 years, maximum.
So it is a high-risk business, a small time to recoup the investment. As a result, investors demand a higher return.

Are other countries with more restrictive pricing as innovative as the United States in developing new drugs?
Many countries outside the United States have a form of price controls, and those price controls have affected tremendously innovation. I know, particularly the case of France, where I lived for eight years. Thirty years ago, because of the quality of its pharmaceutical scientists, France was number two in pharmaceutical innovation in the world. Today, after 30 years of price controls, it is number nine. All modern economists know that the one predictable outcome of price controls is to reduce the availability of whatever is being supplied. In the case of pharmaceutical products, what is being curtailed is the production of new innovative medicines. 
We've seen that, again, not only in France, but in Japan, in Italy, in Spain, in Canada. Really, most of the pharmaceutical innovation is now concentrated in the United States. More than 60 percent of new drugs are invented and developed in the United States. Why? Because we have a free pricing system, which allows rewards for innovation to be determined by the marketplace.

What do you feel about the federal efforts to address the lack of a prescription drug benefit for seniors?
I think it is very, very important that this country adopts a prescription drug benefit plan for seniors, and that this prescription drug benefit be integrated in the total Medicare system. When Medicare was developed back in the 1960s, pharmaceuticals were a very, very small part of the total -- maybe 5 percent or so. Today it is a larger part, with close to 10 percent of total health care. For seniors, [it is] probably even a little bit more than that. So it's very important that seniors have access to reimbursed pharmaceuticals, so in turn, that will help them prevent some worse forms and more expensive forms of intervention. 
One-third of seniors do not have any drug benefit at all. So it's important for us as a nation to address this. It's very important that the way we address this ensures that there is a free market at play, so that the benefits and costs of pharmaceutical products can be assessed, first, in relation to each other, but also in relation to the other forms of intervention. Again, as pharmaceuticals only represent less than 10 percent of the total health care, what you can save through the better use of pharmaceuticals can really be assessed in the 40 percent of health care which is spent on hospital care, or the 20 percent spent with physicians, and so on.

In principle, Medicare can do this kind of tradeoff. Are they very good at it?
What's happening is that we have a fee-for-service system, which is not the best environment in which to make those tradeoff analyses. When you administer separately hospitalization, doctors' fees, drugs, labs, and so forth, you do not optimize the sum of all of that. Managed care is trying to do that in the private sector -- not always with the best results, from a quality standpoint -- and this needs to be improved. But they have been able to control costs and provide some amount of quality. The organizations which have been around for the longest period of time provide typically the best quality. They are doing that by focusing on the needs of the individual patient, rather than focusing their management on each separate element of the system.

You're not in favor of expanding Medicare to offer a prescription drug benefit?
… What we think would be the best system would be to reform Medicare. There was a bipartisan Medicare commission that President Clinton convened about three or four years ago, and which did not get the super-majority that was required on that commission. But their proposal was a premium support system, whereby Medicare beneficiaries would receive an amount of money with which they would buy a health plan from competing health plans. The various health plans would be competing on the basis of cost and quality, and those plans would include a drug benefit.

Why do you think this would do a better job than expanding Medicare?
It would do a better job for both patients and for the economy by ensuring that the tradeoffs between the use of pharmaceuticals and the use of other forms of intervention -- that those analyses are made. Also, by having this based on a system of choice and free market, we would continue to reap the benefit of a free market system, while at the same time enhancing consumer choice.

What would you say to Maine seniors, who question why Canadians pay less for pharmaceuticals?
The answer is very simple: Canada has price controls, and the United States does not. The implications of that are two-fold. For innovative products, the prices are generally lower in Canada because of these price controls. But then when the drug goes off patent, then there is no free market in Canada, and therefore the prices do not come down as quickly as they do in the United States. As a result, Canadians spend ... significantly more than Americans for generic drugs, or for off-patent drugs. In total, in both countries we spend 1.4 percent of GDP on drugs.

The difference isn't because some people are uninsured? Wouldn't we use more drugs if we had better access?
The figures do not show that Canadians use more drugs relative to their economy than Americans. The difference between the two systems is that the very high level of price competition which occurs after a patent expiration in this country forces pharmaceutical companies to constantly innovate. Lilly, for example, faced the patent expiration of Prozac last year. The only way for us to continue to survive and thrive as a company was to come up with new products to make up for this. Indeed, we have now eight new products to be launched over the next couple of years. 
What I'm saying is that this system really fosters innovation, both by rewarding it when the patent is there, but also by ensuring that when the patent expires, the economic viability of the product goes away completely, so that that forces you to continuously come up with new products. The Canadian system does exactly the opposite. As a result, there is very little pharmaceutical innovation in Canada, or for that matter in most European countries.

That also galls these seniors. "We pay for the innovation here, but the Canadians benefit. It's not fair."
I like to think that Americans benefit first from innovation. When you look at the gap that there is because of price controls, in access that Canadians have to innovation, you can see that we first reap the benefits of innovation here as Americans.

Why do you allow the Canadians to sell it for less?
We really do not have a choice. The Canadian provinces … impose a price on the pharmaceutical industry. What is our choice there? … The only one we have would be to make our products available without reimbursement -- [that] is a possibility which has been used in a few cases -- or to not make our products available in the Canadian market. But there we face two problems. 
One is that the law enables the Canadian government to force what is called a compulsory license. If we refuse to make a product available in Canada, the government basically can force us to license another company to do. 
Two, we also have moral and ethical problems when we come up with a lifesaving product like a drug for sepsis, Xigris, that we launched last year in this country. If we do not make them available to patients who are dying around the world, we do have obviously some very significant moral and ethical issues.

With regard to the Maine Rx program, what is the problem of taking 12 million-17 million seniors and getting them a discount? 
First, I understand the issues that governors are facing in trying to combine in a difficult economic environment; balanced budgets, which by law they have to have, with ensuring that their Medicaid population, particularly, receives appropriate treatments. 
I think to deal with it through imposed rebates or other forms of limitations on the use of pharmaceuticals, such as the use of prior authorization, limiting the choices that physicians can have in terms of which pharmaceutical product to prescribe to their patients -- all of that will result in not as good care for patients, and not necessarily lower costs. The reason is: If you do not use the appropriate product, you will pay the consequences in terms of more hospitalization and so forth. 
Instead, we are working with many governors around the country in looking at improving the overall Medicaid performance and controlling budgets by attacking, not just pharmaceuticals, which, again, is only 10 percent of the total, but the other areas as well. Things such as the treatment of chronic diseases, such as depression, diabetes, asthma and so forth, can be improved tremendously through disease state management programs. Also, through better deployment of information technology, you can significantly reduce costs.
When you look at total health care costs, you have something probably in the range of 20 percent of $1.2 trillion which is related to the cost of insurance, liability insurance. So some kind of tort reform or change in the malpractice laws would go a long way to reducing this. This is more than twice what we spend in total on pharmaceuticals. There is also another 20 percent estimated which is due to the cost of administration. Through better deployment of information technology, we can simplify all of that and eliminate a lot of duplications.  So what we are doing in states like Colorado or Arkansas right now is to help with disease state management programs to find better solutions, more effective solutions, but which do not destroy innovation through price controls.

If Maine Rx is copied by other states, how serious a problem would that be?
If the Maine program was adopted by other states, it could have very dire consequences for the pharmaceutical industry, because all of the Medicaid part of our business, which is 15 percent or 20 percent of the total market, would be significantly affected by price controls. But the Maine program also leveraged rebates for Medicaid beneficiaries to other populations.

The seniors?
Yes, which is an extension, if you will, of the state-dominated rebate system. Therefore, if it were adopted on a national basis, that would put more than 40 percent of the total pharmaceutical market under some form of state control. There I have to go back to the examples that we have seen in other countries -- what their nationalized health care system does to innovation.

So, in a nutshell, it would grow the government part from 25 percent to 40 percent?
Yes. Probably in excess of that, because seniors represent about 25 percent, Medicaid is about 15 percent, and besides that, there are some other programs, the VA and others. 

So the market would still have private parts, but it would be less private.
Correct. Much less private.

The industry has been criticized for gaming the patent system to extend patents and keep generics out. You feel this industry is treated unequally, as regards patents?
I think some of the criticism of the industry regarding patents is linked to the so-called 30-month stay and the use of several 30-month stays, which is provided in the current patent law. …The criticism of the industry has come from a perceived abuse of the system by using several 30-month stays, and also by so-called late patent listings. But I want to give you a little bit of what the facts are. 
Since 1984, when the Hatch-Waxman law passed, there have been about 8,000 so-called abbreviated NDAs, which are the generic applications for new products. Out of those 8,000, only in eight cases have we seen multiple 30-month stays. Also, those 30-month stays really occur before the patent expiration. They occur during the life of the patent. In no case has this resulted in an extension of the patent.

So you think some things about patents have been exaggerated?
Yes, I believe that very, very few cases have occurred -- eight out of 8,000.
... In the case of Eli Lilly, we have never had more than one 30-month stay. In terms of late-listed patent, we did have that opportunity in the case of Prozac -- to license a patent which issued one month before the Prozac patent expiration. But we decided not to, because we felt that this patent was not really a valid one. Even though there were some pressure from some investors that this would bring Lilly some economic benefit in the short term, we felt it was not ethically right to do.

From the business point of view, what is it like to lose a patent before you expect it? Is that pretty serious?
Yes. To lose a patent before you expect to is a very traumatic experience for a company, especially when your product represents a significant percentage of your sales. Fortunately, in the case of the Prozac patent expiration, we had done very significant planning and contingency planning beforehand. So we were ready, based on various potential scenarios of when the patent would expire. We are ready with a number of new products to launch to the market shortly after the patent expiration.

Some state governors say the pharmaceutical market is dysfunctional, because they don't have the data to make informed choices. Do you have any sympathy for that view?
I believe that everything that can be done to make the health care market in general more transparent, with more information on quality, is very important. Everything that can be done to move consumers from being patients -- in the full sense of the word, i.e., patiently waiting for somebody else to make decisions for them -- to being more active consumers of health care products and services by shopping around and ensuring that their capacity to choose is fully exercised. If we can move in that direction, that will be best for everyone. 
What we have to beware of is systems which are run by states or by the federal government, and where you have a commission or bureaucrats who decide that this drug is better than that drug for every patient in the state or in the country. That simply does not work. The decision-making power has to remain in the hands of the treating physician, because different patients have different reactions to different products. Therefore, to have a choice of potential products at the disposal of the practicing physician is very, very important. 
This being said, both the physician and the patient, and the payers have to have as much information as is humanly possible to gather on the cost and on the effectiveness of these products.

With pharmaceuticals, most of the information physicians get is from detail people. Now we have direct-to-consumer advertising. This information comes from an interested party, so there's an issue of credibility.
Research on pharmaceuticals can only be funded by the pharmaceutical industry. There are no public funds or private funds of other sources to really do the necessary research. What gives physicians confidence in the data that they see, coming from research funded by pharmaceutical companies, is the names at the bottom of the article: who participated in the study, the fact that you have ethical review boards which review the protocols of the studies in every institution around the country. When those study results are published, it is usually in a peer-reviewed journal. Therefore, you have an objective expert assessment of the results. All of that gives confidence to physicians as they assess those results. This being said, they will always use their own judgment.
As to direct-to-to-consumer advertising, first of all, I'd like to put things in perspective. I think there has been a criticism of the industry that we are spending more on DTC than we do on the rest of marketing, or more importantly, on R&D. In fact, in 2001, the total expenses for direct-to-consumer advertising was $2.4 billion for the whole industry, versus $30 billion on R&D. 
I think direct-to-consumer advertising has some very important public health benefits. One is, you can see for the majority of the products which are advertised, that they deal with conditions which, according to medical experts and the data available, are under-treated -- diseases such as depression, such as diabetes, such as hypertension, such as high cholesterol. All of these areas are today under-treated, and direct-to-consumer advertising helps educate patients and bring them to the doctor's office. The most expensive disease is the one which is not diagnosed or treated. 
The other benefit of direct-to-consumer advertising, from a public health standpoint, is that, according to surveys of both physicians and patients, one out of five, approximately, says that to see the advertisement helps that patient remember to take his or her medication. Non-compliance is a very, very serious issue. 
If you look at statins, for example, the products for high cholesterol, after two years of treatment, more than half the patients do not comply with the treatment. They are not taking their medications as prescribed. For antidepressants, we have seen studies that patients who have been prescribed an antidepressant stop taking it after four months, while studies show that longer-term usage results in less relapses and less problems, and therefore economic as well as clinical outcome. 
So I see those two benefits coming from direct-to-consumer advertising. And we have to remember that the doctor always has the last word. The doctor is the one who will prescribe or not prescribe product A or B.

One problem that HMOs and states find is that doctors are poorly informed about drugs. Some states are looking at head-to-head comparisons within therapeutic classes. Isn't this a legitimate exercise?
In general, I think the more information physicians have about the benefits of drugs and their cost, the better they are going to be. Where I object is when this results in saying, "Drug A is the only one that you can prescribe to all your patients. If you prescribe Drug B, you have to get an approval from a bureaucrat." That is where the problem arises, because if you take the example of mental health products, for example, mental health affects the whole life of a patient, as opposed to some physical ailment. And the treatment of mental health involves pharmaceuticals but also … [for] medical, psychiatry care, social care. 
If you use the wrong product, or if you stop using a given product just because it happens not to be on the formulary which is approved by the state, you can set that patient back several months, or even years. Therefore, it is very, very dangerous to take away from the individual physician the decision-making power as to what is best for this or that patient, and how the drug being used is integrated with the other forms of health care.

The idea of formularies is not very controversial. Health plans do it. Why is it different if a state does it?
Well, typically, we see very, very few closed formularies. What we have is tiered payments, where, for example, if a generic is being used, there is no co-payment, and if product A is being used, there is a co-payment of so much, and product B, it's a co-payment of another level. Those are techniques which are being used in the private sector. But knowing that patients have the choice between plan A and plan B, they can decide whether plan A is too restrictive in terms of the choices of products versus plan B.

In the public sector, it's different, because it's not the patient's own money.
Exactly.

So in the public sector, what's wrong with the state using its money in the most wise, efficient way possible? Oregon -- while Lipitor lowers cholesterol, there is no evidence it reduces heart attacks, so they prefer the other drugs. What's wrong with that?
Again, I think what formularies in general do is ignore the individual differences between individual patients. Again, different patients react differently to different drugs. … Physicians should have the final word as to which product should be used based on the needs of each individual patient. 
But make all that information available to physicians, rather than have a commission or bureaucrats decide what's good for everyone.

This would incentivize pharmaceutical companies to do this kind of post-market research. 
There is absolutely no question that pharmaceutical companies should do everything in their power to understand the benefits and the disadvantages of the drugs that they put on the market. A lot of this research occurs before the launch; a lot of it needs to occur after the launch, as we learn more in practice about those drugs. So I'm totally in favor of pursuing more clinical research. If incentives can exist to do that, that's fine.

I don't see what the states are supposed to do. If you're against price limitations, quality is the only way they can go. They have to use an evidence-based approach. They don't have any other sources of money. All they can do is throw people off Medicaid. What else would a state governor do?
[I] think if I were a state governor, I would not focus exclusively on something which represents 10 percent of my total expenditures. I would really look at what are the other things I can do with the other 90 percent. I would also look at the 10 percent, of course. But I would try to make sure that whatever I do with that 10 percent will not hurt the other 90 percent, and what are the many things that can be done with the 90 percent. 
Again, simple case management can improve costs and outcome tremendously. Improvement in malpractice laws can improve the costs tremendously. For example, we estimate that 40 percent of all lab tests performed in this country are either duplicative or unnecessary. I would deploy information technology better in order to avoid a lot of this paperwork, which represents a very high percentage of the total cost. 
[I'd] do all of this without putting in danger this very fragile balance that we have in this country -- of continuing to foster innovation with pharmaceuticals -- which, again, offer tremendous hope in terms of bringing to patients products which will not only cure and treat diseases for which we have no solution today.  [And] also with the advent of the genomics revolution and new technologies in pharmaceutical R&D, it will enable us to predict and prevent a lot of diseases. So we have to keep that very delicate balance between making sure that we spend what's affordable, and that we continue to bear the fruit of the medical revolution which is underway.

Some state governors have said, "Why couldn't the pharmaceutical industry be a partner with us in solving what is a real problem? Why do they have to lobby, and block and block?" Why not work together more?
We are trying very, very hard at Lilly. We have created an organization B2G, business to government, and are working very hard with each of the various states in trying to find solutions which are win-win. In the case of Colorado, we have a pilot program going on with diabetes. In the case of Arkansas, we have also a pilot program. I hope that this will spread, and that we will help states master their Medicaid expenses, while not taking measures which can really emasculate innovation in pharmaceuticals.

Is this a critical time for this industry?
This is a very challenging time for the industry. We have, on one hand, trends of aging populations, more information available to people, which makes them want access to innovation. [We have] a pharmaceutical and medical, biomedical revolution which opens up all kinds of new opportunities for treatments and cures for diseases for which we have no solution today, from Alzheimer's to stroke to cancer to AIDS, and so on. 
On the other hand, we have payers, both public and private, who are concerned about increasing health care costs. Again, I think that looking at health care as an investment, an expenditure which brings benefits to society, rather than as something which needs to be curtailed, is something which will be very important for the future. 
I believe that, over the next one or two decades, we will see a reversal of the trend towards earlier and earlier retirement. I think people will stay active longer; maybe not fully active, but active nonetheless. Therefore, good health care, which has enabled people now to really become very vital and vibrant at age 50, 60, and 70 -- those advances in health care will allow us to have people remain productive longer, and that will be good for the growth of our economy.

Is there a limit to the amount of innovation we can have, given that we have so many people without access to vaccinations or antibiotics?
This is a choice that we would have to make as a society, obviously. But if you talk to any patient with Alzheimer's, or rather, their children or dear ones, and ask them, "Should we suppress research into Alzheimer's, and not have the hope for that patient to have a cure one day?" I think the answer would be clear.


 
home + introduction + analysis + interviews + frequently asked questions
discussion + battlefield in the states + producer's chat
tapes & transcripts + press reaction + credits + privacy policy
FRONTLINE + wgbh + pbsi
posted june 19, 2003
photo copyright © bill varie/corbis
web site copyright 1995-2014
 WGBH educational foundation
 

SUPPORT PROVIDED BY


RECENT STORIESNovember 18, 2015 / 5:27 pmIn Fight Against ISIS, a Lose-Lose Scenario Poses Challenge for West
November 17, 2015 / 6:13 pmISIS is in Afghanistan, But Who Are They Really?
November 17, 2015 / 1:59 pm“The Most Risky … Job Ever.” Reporting on “ISIS in Afghanistan”
 
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER










Follow @frontlinepbs


FRONTLINE on 











Sidney Taurel appointed new Chairman of Pearson board of directors



























 











Support



Browse


About Pearson



Who We Are



Our Business



Transforming our Business


Geographies


Associates & Joint Ventures


Our History




Our Mission and Values



Our Strategy






What We Do



The Importance of Education


Innovation



Smarter Digital Tools



Efficacy in Learning Technologies


Intelligence Unleashed


Adaptive Learning


What is AI?


Ideas Worth Sharing


Intelligence Unleashed Events




The Problem Solvers


Future Jobs


Charting Equity


Open Ideas at Pearson


Behavioral Insights for Education




Every Child Learning


Supporting Teachers




Board of Directors


Our Position On



Low Cost Private Schools


Assessment


Data Privacy


Diversity


Political Activity


Living Wage - UK


Modern Day Slavery


Common Core State Standards In The U.S


Education Access and Equity


Support for Public Schools






Products & Services


Efficacy & Research



Higher Education Research



What We're Working On



Improving Student Persistence and Completion Rates in Online Degree Programs


9 Strategies To Support Effective Online Teaching


9 Strategies Online Faculty Should Depend in Their PD


Using Learning Science to Design Digital Tools




Research Reports



Flipped Learning


Issues in Higher Education




Efficacy Reports




Schools Education Research



What We're Working On



An effective reading program can change outcomes


Rural Canadian District Leverages Efficacy as a Path to Improvement




Research Reports



Assessment



Testing on Tablets


Performance Assessment


Automated Scoring


Issues in Assessment




Global Survey of Educator Effectiveness



Brazil


India


Japan


Mexico


Poland


Qatar


Saudi Arabia


Singapore


South Africa


United Arab Emirates


United Kingdom


United States




Teacher Career Pathways


Teaching in a Digital Age



Rapid Feedback


Better Collaboration


Stronger Communication


Improved Access


Stronger Student Engagement


Improved Critical Thinking


New Student Interactions


Increased Instructional Time


Improved Classroom Management






Efficacy Reports




Professional Learning



Content Analytics Support Student Learning in Wall Street English


Efficacy Reports




Our Methods



Our Approach


Learning Design Principles


Education Research



Building Blocks of Personalized Learning




Efficacy & Research in the Product Life Cycle


Impact Evaluation: How we Conduct Valid & Reliable Research on Our Products



Efficacy Trials and In Class Pilot Studies




Content Analytics



How Content Analytics are Used to Support Learning




The Customer Journey: Partnership with Educators & Learners


Tools & Resources



Pearson's Efficacy Framework


The Product Life Cycle






Our People


Efficacy Reports



MyLab IT


REVEL


MyLab Math


MyFoundationsLab


MasteringChemistry


CTI and Pearson Institute of Higher Education (PIHE)


Bug Club


Connections Academy


WISC-V


aimswebPlus


NAME Sistema


Wall Street English


GED Testing Service


MyEnglishLab






Sustainability



Our 2020 Plan



 Be a Trusted Partner



Governance




Reach More Learners


Shape the Future of Learning


Material Issues




UN Sustainable Development Goals


Highlights



 Awards & Recognition


Sustainability Stories



How Revel Helped Failing Students Succeed


Bug Club Helps disadvantaged Students Improve Their Readin


Innovating New Products with Tomorrow’s Markets Incubator


Every Child Learning Delivers Education for Children Affected by Conflict


How We’re Empowering Girls in Africa to Succeed in Life and Work


Project Literacy Lab Is Tackling the Global Illiteracy Gap


Preparing Students for Green Careers with Everglades U






Reporting & Policies



Reports & Benchmarks



Archive




Policies


Terms & Conditions for Sales Orders


Terms & Conditions for Purchase Orders






Investors



Investor Information



Reports & Presentations


Financial Highlights


Regulatory News


Dividends


Financial Calendar


Governance



Remuneration Disclosures




Annual General Meeting



AGM Archive




Analyst Coverage


Conference & Media archive




Managing your Shares



Share Data


Dividends


Shares and Shareholding


US Listing and ADRs


Share Register Fraud


FAQs






News



Blogs



John Fallon's Blog


Company Blog


Research Blog


All Pearson Blog Posts




Media



News Announcements


Subject Matter Experts


Logos and Style Guides


Media Contacts






Careers



Are we a match?


Competitive benefits


Diversity & inclusion


Job Opportunities







Corporate
Corporate
United Kingdom
United States
Canada
All Pearson locations


Contact Us












 


Sidney Taurel appointed new Chairman of Pearson board of directors


                        October 26, 2015, 07:00

                        , 07:00



 Former CEO and Chairman of global pharmaceutical firm Eli Lilly will take over on 1 January 2016 Glen Moreno steps down on 31 December 2015 after more than a decade as Chairman of the Pearson board Pearson today announces the appointment of Sidney Taurel as its new Chairman. 
Sidney Taurel is a board director and chairman of the Compensation Committee at both IBM Corporation and McGraw Hill Financial, Inc. He is senior advisor at global investment bank Moelis & Co and an advisory board member at pharmaceutical firms Takeda Pharmaceutical and Almirall.
He was chief executive officer of global pharmaceutical firm Eli Lilly and Company from 1998 until 2008, Chairman of the business from 1999 until 2008, and has been Chairman Emeritus since 2009.
Glen Moreno said:
“We are delighted to have in Sidney a new chair with strong experience of global business and markets, used to leading in a complex regulatory environment. Our search process, led by Pearson’s senior independent director Vivienne Cox, has identified a business leader in tune with Pearson’s values and culture.
“I am very pleased to be handing over to Sidney, a decade after joining the Pearson board myself. It has been a true privilege to be involved with Pearson’s evolution into the world’s leading learning company, and I wish all of my colleagues every success with the company’s future growth.”
Sidney Taurel said:
“This is an important time to be joining the world’s leading education company. Pearson has a great purpose at its heart – to help more people progress in their lives through learning.
“I am looking forward to helping the Pearson management team develop our strategy and deliver long-term value for our students, customers and our shareholders.”
Pearson chief executive John Fallon said:
““Glen has been a great guide and support to me as we tackle cyclical issues in some of our markets and plan for the next phase of Pearson's growth. Glen has helped us transform Pearson over the past decade, and we wish him every success in the future.
"Sidney knows global markets well, particularly North America having lead a large, complex business through a period of great change. He shares Pearson's values and sense of purpose, and I look forward to working with him.”
There is no further information to be declared in accordance with LR 9.6.13.
ENDS
Notes to editors
1. Further biographical information
Sidney Taurel joined Eli Lilly and Company in 1971 and held management positions in the company’s operations in South America and Europe. He was named president of Eli Lilly International in 1986, president of the Pharmaceutical Division in 1993, and chief operating officer in 1996. His 37-year career with the company included 15 years in Brazil, France, Eastern Europe, and the UK.
He graduated from École des Hautes Études Commerciales in Paris, France, in 1969. He subsequently received his MBA degree from Columbia University New York, in 1971.
An American citizen since 1995, Taurel is fluent in English, French, Spanish and Portuguese. He was born in 1949 in Casablanca, Morocco.
Taurel received three U.S. Presidential appointments: to the Homeland Security Advisory Council (2002-2004), the President’s Export Council (2002-2007), and the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations (2007-2009). He is an officer of the French Legion of Honor.
2. Glen Moreno was appointed to the Pearson Board on 1 October 2005. He is currently Chair of Virgin Money Holdings (UK) plc.  
3. Details of the full Pearson board of directors. 












Sidney Taurel - high resolution photo 1.8 MB 


















Sidney Taurel 1949— Biography - An international executive for a global age













Home
Business Biographies
 S-Z
 Sidney Taurel 1949— Biography



      Sidney Taurel
      
      1949–
    











        Chairman and chief executive officer, Eli Lilly and Company
      


      Nationality: American.
    

      Born: February 9, 1949, in Casablanca, Morocco.
    

      Education: École des Hautes Études Commerciales, 1969;
      Columbia University, MBA, 1971.
    

      Family: Son of Jose Taurel and Marjorie Afriat; married Kathryn H.
      Fleischmann, 1977; children: three.
    

      Career: Eli Lilly and Company, 1971–1972, marketing associate for
      Eli Lilly International Corporation; 1972–1976, marketing-plans
      manager for Brazilian affiliate; 1976–1981, marketing and sales in
      Eastern Europe and France; 1981–1983, general manager of Brazilian
      affiliate; 1983–1986, vice president of European operations; 1986,
      president of Eli Lilly International; 1991–1993, executive vice
      president of pharmaceutical division; 1993–1998, president of
      pharmaceutical division and executive vice president; 1998, CEO;
      1999–, chairman and CEO.
    

      Address: Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly Corporate Center, Indianapolis,
      Indiana 46285; http://www.lilly.com.
    

      ■ With 2003 sales of $12.6 billion, Eli Lilly and Company was best
      known for its widely popular antidepressants Prozac and Serafem. In
      addition to neurological, oncological, and diabetes drugs, the company
      also made antibiotics, growth hormones, antiulcer agents, and
      cardiovascular therapies as well as animal-health products. As CEO of Eli
      Lilly beginning in 1998 Sidney Taurel placed a heavy emphasis on research
      and development, helping the company to establish one of the most
      promising pipelines in the industry. His other primary contributions as
      CEO were turning Eli Lilly into a strong business partner and attracting
      and retaining top executives in the pharmaceutical industry.
    

      AN INTERNATIONAL EXECUTIVE FOR A GLOBAL AGE
    

      Born in Casablanca, Morocco, Taurel lived and worked in the farthest
      corners of the world. He spoke French, English,
    




           Sidney Taurel. 
          
            AP/Wide World Photos
          
          . 
        


      Portuguese, and Spanish and was married to a native of Brazil. Taurel
      proposed to his wife in Heidelberg, Germany; they became officially
      engaged in Casablanca; legalized their union in a civil ceremony in
      Columbus, Ohio; and took part in a religious service in Paris. Taurel
      noted in 
      
        Pharmaceutical Executive
      
      , "Home has always been wherever I am living at the moment"
      (March 1, 2001).
    

      After obtaining his MBA in 1971, Taurel, by then a seasoned world
      traveler, found himself in an unlikely place: Indiana. He told 
      
        Indiana Business Magazine
      
       that he remembered having "no particular desire to work in the
      pharmaceutical industry. I came to Indianapolis for an interview out of
      curiosity" (June 1, 1999).
    

      Taurel joined the Lilly subsidiary Eli Lilly International Corporation in
      1971 as a marketing associate and was named marketing-plans manager for
      the Brazilian affiliate the following
       year. He held various international sales and marketing positions over a
      15-year world tour, the highlights of which included helping to engineer
      turnarounds of Lilly's operations in Brazil and also in Europe.
      Taurel returned to company headquarters in 1986 as the president of Eli
      Lilly International. Under his watch the international division's
      annual sales rose from $500 million to $2 billion, and international sales
      increased from 30 percent of the parent company's overall sales to
      42 percent.
    

      THE TALENT WAR
    

      Taurel expressed an acute awareness of the difficulty of recruiting and
      retaining the industry's best and brightest; he was a proponent of
      several aggressive human-resources initiatives. According to 
      
        Pharmaceutical Executive
      
      , as president of Lilly International, Taurel started a program to
      "globalize the company and tap all talent wherever it comes
      from" (March 1, 2001). The initiative was a success; by 2001 half
      of the senior executives working at Lilly's corporate headquarters
      were foreign-born. Those executives were treated with great
      reverence—Taurel even helped found the International School of
      Indiana, in Lilly's home town, so that the children of Lilly
      employees and other members of the community could receive a bilingual
      education.
    

      DIAGNOSIS UNCLEAR FOR A POST-PROZAC COMPANY
    

      Taurel became CEO in July 1998 and chairman on January 1, 1999. Despite a
      track record of consistently profitable performance, success in his newest
      role would not be a foregone conclusion. In 2001 patents on Prozac, which
      accounted for nearly one-third of Lilly's 1998 sales, would expire.
      Taurel estimated that generic versions of the drug would cause
      Prozac's sales to drop by about 80 percent. His strategy for
      surviving the blow included identifying more promising drugs in
      Lilly's labs that could be quickly brought to market and
      establishing partnerships with other companies. Regarding the latter
      approach, Taurel created an office of "alliance management,"
      which analyzed best practices in working with partners. The team of Lilly
      executives assessed the competition as well as companies outside the
      industry; surveyed prospective partners for their evaluations of Lilly;
      and suggested ways to make the company more partner friendly.
    

      KEEPING LILLY INDEPENDENT
    

      Noticeably absent from Taurel's strategy—particularly during
      the era that saw the unions of Pharmacia and Pfizer and of Sandoz and
      Ciba-Geigy—was the possibility of a merger. While noting that no
      other pharmaceutical company had emerged from a similarly devastating
      top-of-the-line-drug expiration without being forced to merge, Taurel
      believed that his company would be the exception. He told 
      
        BusinessWeek
      
      , "We really want to write the book on how to do it differently;
      2001, the year Prozac would expire, has brought a sense of urgency to
      everything we're doing" (May 24, 1999).
    

      Lilly's surviving independently would require rapid innovation;
      Taurel was undaunted by the task he set for himself. He said in 
      
        Pharmaceutical Executive
      
      , "If you look at all the mergers and acquisitions that have
      occurred, they have been driven by a lack of innovation in the
      companies—either a big patent expiration or not enough in the
      pipeline to produce growth that meets investors' expectations.
      Because we are a very fragmented industry, a merger provides an
      opportunity to rationalize, reduce expenses, and boost earnings in the
      short term. But so far, nobody has shown that you can put two research
      organizations together and make them more productive" (March 1,
      2001).
    

      A STRONG PRODUCT PIPELINE
    

      Taurel's focus on R&D and innovation was illustrated by
      Lilly's possession of one of the most promising pipelines in the
      pharmaceutical industry—on which Lilly spent more money than did
      any other such company. At one point Lilly offered a total of eight new
      products in a mere two-and-a-half-year period.
    

      In November 2001 the FDA approved Xigris (drotrecogin alfa), which was
      projected to be a $1 billion blockbuster drug for the treatment of septic
      infections caused by chemotherapy. Xigris would be the first biotechnology
      treatment for the most serious stages of sepsis. In 2003 the company
      launched the first products to spur bone growth in patients with
      osteoporosis. Lilly also launched Cialis, which treated erectile
      dysfunction and allegedly worked faster than Viagra, and Strattera, the
      first nonstimulant for patients with attention deficit hyperactivity
      disorder.
    

      In 2004 Lilly got approval for Alimta, the first product for mesothelioma,
      a rare form of cancer, as well as for Symbyax, a combination of Prozac and
      Zyprexa, which would be the first product indicated for the treatment of
      bipolar depression. The company was preparing to launch Cymbalta, an
      antidepressant, and was waiting for approval of the first product to treat
      stress-related urinary incontinence.
    

      Taurel remarked in 
      
        Pharmaceutical Executive
      
      , "I want to make sure we continue to invest very strongly in
      R&D, and that we maintain a good balance between science and
      marketing. This is one of Lilly's key strengths that I want to
      preserve and nurture" (March 1, 2001).
    




        See also
      
       entry on Eli Lilly and Company in 
      
        International Directory of Company Histories
      
      .
    



      sources for further information
    

      Beck, Bill, "The Pipeline: Sidney Taurel's World Vision for
      Eli Lilly and Co.," 
      
        Indiana Business Magazine
      
      , June 1, 1999, p. 8.
    

      Melcher, Richard A., "Fighting Off Depression at Eli Lilly,"
      
      
        BusinessWeek
      
      , May 24, 1999, p. 77.
    

      Sellers, L. J., "Lilly's International Family: Sidney Taurel
      Takes His Global Team Beyond Prozac," 
      
        Pharmaceutical Executive
      
      , March 1, 2001, p. 40.
    



      —Tim Halpern
    


User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
Sidney Taurel 1949— Biography forum




			Tata, Noel N. 1957–
		

			Thielen, Gunter 1942–
		 





















Business Biographies













Home
 Business Biographies

Business Biographies


Business Biographies - A-E
Contains articles like F. Duane Ackerman 1942— Biography, Josef Ackermann 1948— Biography, Shai Agassi 1968— Biography, Umberto Agnelli 1934—2004 Biography, Ahn Cheol-soo 1962— Biography, Naoyuki Akikusa 1938— Biography, Raúl Alarcón Jr. 1956— Biography, William F. Aldinger III 1947— Biography, Vagit Y. Alekperov 1950— Biography, César Alierta Izuel 1945— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - F-L
Contains articles like Richard D. ca. Fairbank 1950— Biography, Thomas J. Falk 1958— Biography, David N. Farr 1955— Biography, Jim Farrell 1943— Biography, Franz Fehrenbach 1949— Biography, Pierre Féraud Biography, E. James Ferland 1942— Biography, Dominique Ferrero Biography, Trevor Fetter 1960— Biography, John Finnegan 1949— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - M-R
Contains articles like Ma Fucai 1943— Biography, John J. Mack 1944— Biography, Terunobu Maeda 1945— Biography, Joseph Magliochetti 1942—2003 Biography, Marjorie Magner 1949— Biography, Richard Mahoney 1934— Biography, Steven J. Malcolm 1948— Biography, Richard A. Manoogian 1936— Biography, Mohamed Hassan Marican 1952— Biography, Reuben Mark 1939— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - S-Z
Contains articles like Alfredo Sáenz 1942— Biography, Mary F. Sammons 1946— Biography, Steve Sanger 1946— Biography, Ron Sargent 1955— Biography, Arun Sarin 1954— Biography, Mikio Sasaki 1937— Biography, Paolo Scaroni 1946— Biography, George A. Schaefer Jr. 1945— Biography, Leonard D. Schaeffer 1945— Biography, Hans-Jürgen Schinzler 1940— Biography, etc… 





















S-Z













Home
Business Biographies
 S-Z


		       S-Z
		    
Alfredo Sáenz 1942— Biography
Career: Tubacex, 1965–1980, board member; Banco Vizcaya, 1980–1983, director of planning; Banca Catalana, 1983–1988, managing director; Banco Vizcaya, 1988–1990, managing director; Banco Bilbao Vizcaya, 1990–1993, first vice president; Banco Español de Crédito (Banesto), 1993–2002, president; Banco Santander Central Hispano, 2002–, CEO.
Mary F. Sammons 1946— Biography
Family: Daughter of Lee W. and Ann (Cherry) Jackson; married Nickolas F. 
Steve Sanger 1946— Biography
Education: DePauw University, BA, 1968; University of Michigan, MBA, 1970.
Ron Sargent 1955— Biography
Education: Harvard University, BA, 1977; Harvard University Graduate School of Business Administration, MBA, 1979.
Arun Sarin 1954— Biography
Education: Indian Institute of Technology, BS, 1975; University of California at Berkeley, MS, 1977, MBA, 1978.
Mikio Sasaki 1937— Biography
Career: Mitsubishi Corporation, 1960–1966, engineer in machinery division; Mitsubishi International, 1966, manager; Mitsubishi Corporation, 1966–1971, manager; 1971–1977, heavy machinery department; Mitsubishi International Corporation, 1977–1979, head; 1979–1981, president; 1981–1985, heavy machinery department; 1985–1989, general manager, heavy machinery department; 1989–1991, general manager, ship and plant division; 1991–1993, executive vice president; 1993–1998, president and chief executive officer; Mitsubishi Corporation, 1994–1998, managing director; 1995–1998, managing director of administration; 1998–2004, president and chief executive officer; 2004–, chairman of the board.
Paolo Scaroni 1946— Biography
Career: Chevron, 1969–1971, sales manager; Saint Gobain, 1973–1978, sales manager; 1978–1981, general delegate to Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru; 1981–1984, CEO of Italian operations; 1984, director of Flat Glass division; Technit, 1985–1996, executive vice president; Pilkington, 1996–1997, president of Automotive Products; 1997–2002, CEO; Enel, 2002–, CEO.
George A. Schaefer Jr. 1945— Biography
Education: West Point Academy, BS, 1963; Xavier University, MBA, 1974.
Leonard D. Schaeffer 1945— Biography
Family: Son of David Schaeffer and Sarah Levin; married Pamela L. Sidford, 1968; children: two.
Hans-Jürgen Schinzler 1940— Biography
Education: Attended University of Würzburg; University of unich, JD, 1969.
James J. Schiro 1946— Biography
Education: St. John's University, BS, 1967; graduate of the Amos Tuck School Executive Program, Dartmouth College.
Werner Schmidt 1943— Biography
Career: Landesbank Stuttgart, 1971–1974, manager; 1974–1986, member of the board of managing directors; 1986–1989, deputy chairman; Südwestdeutsche Landesbank, 1989–1999, chairman; Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, 1999–2001, chairman; Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale, 2001–, CEO.
Richard J. Schnieders 1948— Biography
Career: SYSCO Corporation, 1982–1988, various positions for Hardin's Sysco operation including director of supplies and equipment, vice president of merchandising services, and executive vice president; 1988–1992, president and chief executive officer of Hardin's Sysco; 1992–1997, corporate senior vice president, merchandising services; 1997–1999, senior vice president, merchandising and multiunit sales; 1999–2000, executive vice president, food-service operations; 2000–2003, president and chief operating officer; 2003–, chairman and chief executive officer.
Jürgen E. Schrempp 1944— Biography
Family: Married Renate (maiden name unknown); married Lydia Deininger; children: three (first marriage, two; second marriage, one).
Howard Schultz 1953— Biography
Family: Son of Fred Schultz and Elaine (maiden name unknown); married Sheri, an interior designer (maiden name unknown).
Ekkehard D. Schulz 1941— Biography
Career: Clausthal Technical University, 1967–1972, member of scientific staff and chief engineer; Thyssen Group, 1972–1984, technology manager; Thyssen Stahl, 1985–1986, deputy member of executive board; 1986–1988, member of executive board; 1988–1991, director; 1991, chairman; Thyssen, 1991–1998, member of executive board; 1998–1999, chairman; Thyssen Krupp Stahl, 1997–, chairman; Thyssen Krupp, 1999–2001, cochairman; 2001–, chairman.
Gerald W. Schwartz 1941— Biography
Education: University of Manitoba, BC, 1962; University of Manitoba, LLB, 1966; Harvard University, MBA, 1970.
Louis Schweitzer 1942— Biography
Education: Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris (IEP), BA, 1968.
H. Lee Scott Jr. 1950— Biography
Career: Yellow Freight Systems, 1977–1979, terminal manager, Springdale, Arkansas; Wal-Mart, 1979–1995, assistant director of transportation, director of transportation, vice president of transportation, vice president of distribution, and senior vice president of logistics; 1995–1998, executive vice president of merchandising; Wal-Mart Stores division, 1998, president and chief executive officer; Wal-Mart, 1999, vice chairman and chief operating officer; 2000–, chief executive officer and president.
Richard M. Scrushy 1952— Biography
Family: Son of Gerald Scrushy (cash register salesman) and Grace (nurse); married Leslie (third wife); children: eight.
Ivan G. Seidenberg 1946— Biography
Born: December 10, 1946, in New York City, New York.
Donald S. Shaffer 1943— Biography
Career: Sears, Roebuck and Company, 1969–?, various positions; ?-1989, general manager of Detroit region retail stores; 1989-1994, national manager for women's apparel; Sears Canada, 1994-1997, president and chief executive officer; Western Auto Supply Company, 1997-1999, chairman and chief executive officer; Heilig-Meyers Company, 1999-2000, president and chief operating officer; 2000-2001, president and chief executive officer; Dollar General, 2001-2003, president and chief operating officer; 2002-2003, chief executive officer.
Kevin W. Sharer 1948— Biography
Education: U.S. Naval Academy, BS, 1970; MS, 1971; University of Pittsburgh, MBA, 1982.
William J. Shea 1948— Biography
Career: Coopers & Lybrand (now known as Pricewaterhouse Coopers), 1974–1993, held several positions, eventually becoming senior partner and vice chairman; Bank of Boston, 1993–1996, vice chairman and CFO; BankBoston (now merged into FleetBoston Financial Corporation), 1996–1998, vice chairman and CFO; DeMoulas Super Markets, 1998–1999, board chairman; View Tech, 1999–2000, CEO; Conseco, 2001–2002, president and COO; 2002–, CEO and president.
Donald J. Shepard 1946— Biography
Career: Life Investors, 1970–1985, various positions; 1985–1989, executive vice president and chief operating officer; AEGON USA, 1989–1992, president and chief executive officer; 1992–2002, chairman, president, and chief executive officer; AEGON N.V., 2002–, chairman of the executive board.
Yoichi Shimogaichi 1934— Biography
Career: NKK Corporation, 1958–1981, various positions; 1981–1986, general manager of sales coordination in export and corporate planning departments; 1987–1989, general manager of corporate planning department; 1989–1991, managing director; 1991–1994, senior managing director, deputy director of steel division; 1994–1997, executive vice president, executive director of steel division; 1997–2002, president; JFE Holdings, 2002–, president.
Etsuhiko Shoyama 1936— Biography
Career: Hitachi, 1959–1982, power plant engineer at Hitachi Works; 1982–1985, deputy general manager of Hitachi Works; 1985–1987, general manager of Kokubu Works; 1987–1990, general manager of Tochigi Works; 1990–1991, general manager of Household Appliances Division; 1991–1993, general manager of Consumer Electronics Division; 1993–1994, executive managing director of Hitachi and group executive for Consumer Products Group; 1994–1995, executive managing director of Hitachi and group executive for Consumer Products & Information Media Systems Group; 1995–1997, senior executive managing director of Hitachi and group executive for Consumer Products & Information Media Systems Group; 1997–1999, executive vice president and representative director; 1999–2003, president and representative director; 2003–, president, chief executive officer, and representative director.
Thomas Siebel 1952— Biography
Education: University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, BA, 1975; MBA, 1983; MS, 1983.
Henry R. Silverman 1940— Biography
Born: August 1, 1940, in New York City, New York.
Russell Simmons 1957— Biography
Family: Son of Daniel Simmons (public-school attendance supervisor), and Evelyn (maiden name unknown; recreation director); married Kimora Lee (fashion model); children: two.
James D. Sinegal 1936— Biography
Career: Fed-Mart Corporation, 1954–1979, bagger, then later executive vice president in charge of merchandising and operations; Price Company, 1979–1983; Costco Wholesale Corporation, 1983–, CEO and president.
Carlos Slim 1940— Biography
Family: Son of a merchant and realtor (name unknown); widowed (wife's name unknown); children: six.
Bruce A. Smith 1943— Biography
Education: Westminster College, BA, 1965; University of Kansas, MBA, 1967.
Fred Smith 1944— Biography
Family: Son of Frederick C. (businessman) and Sally (Wallace) Smith; married Linda Black Grisham, 1969 (divorced 1977); married Dianne Avis; children: ten (two from first marriage).
O. Bruton Smith 1927— Biography
Family: Son of Lemuel Smith, a cotton farmer, and wife, name unknown; married Bonita Harris, 1972 (divorced); children: four.
Stacey Snider 1961— Biography
Education: University of Pennsylvania, BA, 1982; University of California, Los Angeles, JD, 1985.
Jure Sola 1951— Biography
Career: Lika Corporation, 1972–1980, various management positions; Sanmina Corporation, 1980–1991, various management positions; 1991–2001, chairman and president; Sanmina-SCI Corporation, 2001–2002, cochairman and CEO; 2002–, chairman and CEO.
George Soros 1930— Biography
Education: London School of Economics, BS, 1952; Oxford University, DCL, 1990.
William S. Stavropoulos 1939— Biography
Education: Fordham University, BA, 1961; University of Washington, PhD, 1966.
Sy Sternberg 1943— Biography
Born: June 24, 1943, in New York City, New York.
David L. Steward 1951— Biography
Family: Son of Harold Steward (mechanic) and Dorothy (maiden name unknown; homemaker); married Thelma (maiden name unknown; nurse); children: two.
Martha Stewart 1941— Biography
Family: Daughter of Edward Kostyra (pharmaceutical salesman) and Martha Ruszkowski (elementary school teacher); married Andrew Stewart (attorney and publisher; divorced, 1989); children: one.
Patrick T. Stokes 1942— Biography
Family: Son of an FBI agent (name unknown) and Carolyn Stokes; married AnnaKristine (maiden name unknown); children: three.
Harry C. Stonecipher 1936— Biography
Career: General Motors, Allison Division, 1955–1959, laboratory technician; General Electric, Evendale Aircraft Engine division, 1962–1979, program engineer; 1979–1984, general manager; 1984–1987, head of division; Sundstrand, 1987, executive vice president; 1987–1994, president; 1989–1994, chief executive officer; 1991–1994, chairman; McDonnell Douglas, 1994–1997, president and chief executive officer; Boeing Company, 1997–2001, president and chief operating officer; 2001–2002, vice chairman; 2003–, president and chief executive officer.
Hans Stråberg 1957— Biography
Career: Swedish Embassy (Washington, D.C.), assistant to the technical attaché; Electrolux, 1983–1987, floor-care division manager; 1987–1995, global head of dishwasher and laundry engineering; 1995–1998, head of production and development of North American white-goods operations; 1998–2001, executive vice president of floor care and light appliances; 2001–2002, chief operating officer; 2002–, president and chief executive officer.
Belinda Stronach 1966— Biography
Family: Daughter of Frank Stronach (founder and chairman of Magna International) and Elfrieda (maiden name unknown); married Donald Walker (named CEO of Magna International in 1994), 1990 (divorced 1995); married Johann Olav Koss (Olympic-champion speed skater), 1999 (divorced 2002); children (first marriage): two.
Ronald D. Sugar 1948— Biography
Education: University of California, Los Angeles, BS, 1968; MS, 1969; PhD, 1971.
Osamu Suzuki 1930— Biography
Family: Son of Shunzo and Toshiki S. Matsuda; married Shoko Suzuki; children: three.
Toshifumi Suzuki 1932— Biography
Career: Worked in a publishing sales company until 1963, when he joined Ito-Yokado Co.; first president of its subsidiary, Seven-Eleven Japan, in 1973; has remained with Ito-Yokado group through 2004.
Carl-Henric Svanberg 1952— Biography
Education: Linköping Institute of Technology, MS, 1977; Uppsala University, BS, 1983.
William H. Swanson 1949— Biography
Career: Raytheon Company, 1972–2002, various positions, including manufacturing manager of equipment division, chairman and CEO of Raytheon Systems Company, senior vice president and general manager of missile systems division, executive vice president, and president of Electronic Systems; 2002–2003, president; 2003–2004, CEO and president; 2004–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Keiji Tachikawa 1939— Biography
Education: Tokyo University, bachelor's degree, 1962; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MBA, 1978; Tokyo University, PhD, 1981.
Noel N. Tata 1957— Biography
Family: Son of Naval Tata and Simone (maiden name unknown); married Aloo Mistry.
Sidney Taurel 1949— Biography
Education: École des Hautes Études Commerciales, 1969; Columbia University, MBA, 1971.
Gunter Thielen 1942— Biography
Education: Technical University of Aachen, mechanical engineering and economics; PhD.
Ken Thompson 1950— Biography
Education: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, BA, 1973; Wake Forest University, MBA, 1975.
Rex W. Tillerson 1952— Biography
Career: Exxon Company, U.S.A., 1975–1987, production engineer and various engineering, technical, and supervisory assignments; 1987–1989, business development manager in the natural gas department; Exxon central production division, 1989–1992, general manager; 1992–1995, production adviser; Exxon Yemen and Esso Exploration and Production Khorat, 1995–1998, president; Exxon Ventures and Exxon Neftegas, 1998–1999, president; ExxonMobil Development Company, 1999–2001, executive vice president; ExxonMobil Corporation, 2001–2004, senior vice president; 2004–, president.
Robert L. ca. Tillman 1944— Biography
Career: Lowe's Companies, 1962–1994, entry level office manager trainee, executive vice president, chief operating officer, executive vice president of merchandising, and senior vice president of merchandising and marketing; 1994–1996, CEO, 1996–, president and CEO; 1998–, chairman.
Glenn Tilton 1948— Biography
Career: Texaco, 1970, sales trainee; 1970–1978, marketing; 1978–1979, assistant to the vice president for the Northeastern Region; 1979–1981, marketing manager of Philadelphia division; 1981–1983, staff coordinator in Corporate Planning and Economics Department; 1983–1984, assistant general manager for sales of Texaco Europe; 1984–1987, general manager for marketing of Texaco Europe; 1987–1988, vice president for marketing of Texaco USA; 1988–1989, president of Texaco Refining and Marketing; 1989–1991, vice president; 1991–1992, chairman of Texaco Ltd.; 1992–1994, president of Texaco Europe; 1994–1995, president of Texaco USA; 1995–1997, senior vice president; 1997–2001, president of Global Business Unit; 2001, chairman and CEO; ChevronTexaco, 2001–2002, vice chairman; UAL Corporation and United Airlines, 2002–, chairman, CEO, and president.
James S. Tisch 1953— Biography
Education: Cornell University, BA, 1975; Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, MBA, 1976.
Barrett A. Toan 1947— Biography
Education: Kenyon College, BA, 1969; Wharton School of Finance and Commerce at the University of Pennsylvania, MPA, 1974.
Doreen Toben 1949— Biography
Family: Married Edmund (chief information officer, Colgate-Palmolive); children: two.
Don Tomnitz 1948— Biography
Education: Westminster College, BA, 1970; Western Illinois University, MBA, 1975.
Shoichiro Toyoda 1925— Biography
Family: Son of Kiichiro Toyoda (founder, Toyota Motor Corporation) and Hatako (maiden name unknown); married Hiroko Mitsui, 1952; children, two.
Tony Trahar 1949— Biography
Education: University of the Witwatersrand, St. John's College, BC, 1970.
Marco Tronchetti Provera 1948— Biography
Career: Pirelli, 1986–1988, managing partner; Société Internationale Pirelli, 1988–1992, CEO and general manager; 1991–1992, general manager of finance and administration; 1992–1996, CEO and executive vice chairman; 1995–1999, chairman; Telecom Italia, 2001–, chairman.
Donald Trump 1946— Biography
Born: June 14, 1946, in New York City, New York.
Shiro Tsuda 1946— Biography
Career: Nippon Telegraph and Telephone (NTT) Public Corporation, 1970–1992, engineer; NTT DoCoMo, 1992–2004, company director; 1996–1998, senior vice president; 1998–2001, executive vice president; 2001–2004, senior executive vice president; 2002–2004, managing director of the Global Business Division.
Kazuo Tsukuda 1943— Biography
Education: University of Tokyo, BS, 1966; University of Tokyo, MS, 1968.
Joseph M. Tucci 1947— Biography
Career: RCA Corporation, 1970–1986, systems programmer, followed by several other positions; Unisys Corporation, 1986–1990, president of U.S. Information Systems; Wang Global, 1990–1993, executive vice president of operations; 1993–1999, chairman and CEO; Getronics, 1999, deputy CEO; EMC Corporation, 2000, president; 2000–2001, president and COO; 2001–, CEO and president.
Ted Turner 1938— Biography
Family: Son of Robert Edward Turner Jr. and Florence (Rooney) Turner; married Judy Gale Nye, 1960 (divorced, 1962); married Jane Shirley Smith, 1964 (divorced, 1988); married Jane Fonda, 1991 (divorced, 2001); children: five (first marriage, two; second marriage, three).
John H. Tyson 1953— Biography
Family: Son of Donald John Tyson (a food company executive) and Twilla Jean Womochil; married Kimberly McCoy; children: two.
Robert J. Ulrich 1944— Biography
Family: Son of a 3M executive (name unknown); married (wife's name unknown; divorced); children: two.
Thomas J. Usher 1942— Biography
Education: University of Pittsburgh, BS, 1964; MS, 1965; PhD, 1971.
Shoei Utsuda 1943— Biography
Career: Mitsui & Company, 1967–; 2000–2002, senior executive managing officer; 2002–, president and chief executive officer.
Akio Utsumi 1942— Biography
Career: Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corporation: 1991–1993, director; 1993–1995, managing director; 1995–1998, senior managing director; 1998–1999, deputy president; 1999–, president; Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group: 2001–2004, director, chairman, and co–chief executive officer; 2004–, director.
Roy A. Vallee 1953— Biography
Career: Radio Products, 1971–1972, sales; Cramer, 1972–1977, field salesman, inside sales manager, operations manager, branch manager; Hamilton/Avnet, 1977, field sales representative; 1977–1989, systems manager, systems business manager, general sales manager, general manager of the San Diego branch, regional director of Southwest; 1989–1990, vice president; Hamilton/Avnet Computer, 1990–1991, president; Avnet, Inc., 1991–1992, senior vice president, director worldwide electronics operations; 1992–1998, president, chief operating officer, vice chairman; 1998–, chairman, chief executive officer.
Anton van Rossum 1945— Biography
Education: Attended Erasmus University, Rotterdam, The Netherlands (date of graduation unknown).
Thomas H. Van Weelden 1955— Biography
Family: Son of Henry (an owner of a small commercial waste collection company) and name unknown.
Daniel Vasella 1953— Biography
Family: Married Anne-Laurence (trustee, Foundation Switzerland di Cardiologia); children: three.
Ferdinand Verdonck Biography
Education: Catholic University of Leuven, BS; LLD; University of Chicago, MA.
Ben Verwaayen 1952— Biography
Career: ITT Nederland, 1975–1983, manager of public relations; 1983–1988, executive vice president and director of operations; Koninklijke PTT Nederland, 1988–1997, president and managing director of PTT Telecom; Lucent Technologies, 1997–1999, executive vice president of international operations; 1999, chief operating officer; 1999–2001, vice chairman of the management board; BT Group, 2002–, CEO.
Heinrich von Pierer 1941— Biography
Education: University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany, JD, 1968; diploma in economics, 1969.
Norio Wada 1940— Biography
Career: Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation, 1964–1985, series of management positions; Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation, 1985–1992, series of management positions; 1992–1996, senior vice president and general manager of Tohoku Regional Communications Sector; 1996–1997, executive vice president and senior executive manager of Affiliated Business Development Headquarters; 1997–1998, executive vice president and senior executive manager of Affiliated Business Development Headquarters; 1998–1998, executive vice president, senior executive manager of Affiliated Business Development Headquarters, and executive manager of NTT Holding Organizational Office; 1999, executive vice president and senior executive manager of NTT Holding Organizational Headquarters; 1999–2002, senior executive vice president; 2002–, president and chief executive officer.
Rick Wagoner 1953— Biography
Career: General Motors Corporation: 1977–1981, various positions in GM's Treasurer's Office; 1981–1984, treasurer of General Motors do Brasil (GMB); 1984–1987, executive director of GMB; 1987–1988, vice president and finance manager of GM of Canada; 1988–1989, group director, strategic business planning, Chevrolet-Pontiac-Canada Group; 1989–1991, vice president, finance, for GM Europe; 1991–1992, president and managing director of GMB; 1992–1994, executive vice president and chief financial officer; 1994–1998, executive vice president of GM and president of North American Operations; 1998–2000, president and chief operating officer; 2000–2003, president and chief executive officer; 2003–, chairman and chief executive officer.
Ted Waitt 1963— Biography
Family: Son of Norman Waitt Sr. (cattle broker); Married Joan (maiden name unknown); children: four.
Paul S. Walsh 1955— Biography
Career: Grand Metropolitan, 1982–1986, financial planning and accounts manager for Watney, Mann and Truman Brewers; 1986, finance director; 1987–1988, CFO of Inter-Continental Hotels; 1989–1992, CFO of food division; 1992–2000, CEO of Pillsbury; Diageo, 2000–2001, CEO of Guinness UDV and COO; 2001–, CEO.
Robert Walter 1945— Biography
Education: Ohio State University, BS, 1967; Harvard University, MBA, 1970.
Shigeo ca. Watanabe 1943— Biography
Career: Bridgestone Corporation, 1965–1983, various positions; Bridgestone/Firestone, 1983–1988, technical advisor; Bridgestone/Firestone Europe, 1988–2001, various positions; Bridgestone Corporation, 2001–, chairman, president, and chief executive officer.
Fumiaki Watari Biography
Career: Nippon Oil, 1960–1995, marketer; 1995–1998, marketing director; 1998–1999, vice president; Nippon Mitsubishi Oil, 1999–2000, vice president; Nippon Oil Corporation, 2000–, president.
Philip B. Watts 1945— Biography
Family: Son of hosiery factory worker; married Janet (maiden name unknown); children: two.
Jürgen Weber 1941— Biography
Education: Stuttgart Technical University, BS, 1965; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MBA, 1980.
Sandy Weill 1933— Biography
Family: Son of Max Weill (a dressmaking-business owner) and Etta Kalika; married Joan Mosher (1955); children: two.
Serge Weinberg 1951— Biography
Education: University of Paris, Institut d'études politiques, law degree, 1971; École nationale d'administration, 1974–1976.
Alberto Weisser 1956— Biography
Career: BASF, 1979–1993, various finance-related positions; Bunge, 1993–1999, CFO; 1999–2001, CEO; 2001–, chairman and CEO.
Jack Welch 1935— Biography
Education: University of Massachusetts–Amherst, BS, 1957; University of Illinois–Champaign, MA, 1958; PhD, 1960.
William C. Weldon 1948— Biography
Family: Son of a Broadway stagehand (father) and a theater costume seamstress (mother); married Barbara Dearborn, 1969; children: two.
Werner Wenning 1946— Biography
Career: Bayer AG, 1966–1996, various positions; 1996-1997, head of Corporate Planning and Controlling; 1997-2001, chairman of board of management committee for finance; 2001–, chairman of board and CEO.
Norman H. Wesley 1949— Biography
Career: Crown Zellerbach Corporation, 1973–1983, vice president and general manager of Office Products group; ACCO World Corp., 1983–1987, vice president of corporate development; 1987–1990, president and COO; 1990–1997, president and CEO; Home & Office, 1997–1999, president and CEO; Fortune Brands, 1999, president and COO; 1999–2001, chairman and CEO.
W. Galen Weston 1940— Biography
Family: Son of Willard Garfield Weston and Reta Lila Howard; married Hilary Mary Frayne, 1966; children: two.
Leslie H. Wexner 1937— Biography
Family: Son of Harry L. Wexner, a budget clothing-store manager, and Bella Cabakoff, a department-store buyer and philanthropist; married Abigail Koppel, formerly a corporate attorney, 1993; children: three.
Kenneth Whipple 1934— Biography
Career: Ford Motor Company, ca. 1959–1986, various positions including president of Ford Credit and vice president and head of corporate strategy; Ford Europe, 1986–1988, chairman and chief executive officer; Ford Motor Company, 1988–1999, executive vice president and president of Ford Financial Services Group; Ford Credit, 1997–1999, chairman and chief executive officer; CMS Energy and Consumers Energy, 2002–, chairman and chief executive officer; Glenlore Enterprises, chief executive officer.
Edward E. Whitacre Jr. 1941— Biography
Family: Son of a railroad engineer and wife, names unknown; married Linda, a university regent (maiden name unknown); children: two.
Miles D. White 1955— Biography
Career: McKinsey and Company, 1980–1984, management consultant; Abbott Laboratories, 1984–1994, sales manager in medical diagnostics, then various management positions; 1994–1998, senior vice president of diagnostic operations; 1998–1999, executive vice president; 1999–, chairman and CEO.
Meg Whitman 1956— Biography
Born: August 4, 1956, in Cold Spring Harbor, New York.
David R. Whitwam 1942— Biography
Career: Whirlpool Corporation, 1968–1975, marketing management team; 1975–1977, general manager of sales, Southern California division; 1977–1979, merchandise manager of ranges; 1979–1980, director of builder marketing; 1980–1983 vice president of builder marketing; 1983–1985, vice president of Whirlpool sales; 1985–1987 vice chairman and chief marketing officer; 1987–1999, chairman, president, and chief executive officer; 1999–2004, chairman and chief executive officer.
Hans Wijers 1951— Biography
Education: University of Groningen, MA, 1976; Erasmus University of Rotterdam, PhD, 1982.
Michael E. Wiley 1951— Biography
Education: University of Tulsa, BS, 1972; University of Dallas, MBA, 1982.
Bruce A. Williamson 1959— Biography
Education: University of Montana, BS, 1981; University of Houston, MBA, 1995.
Chuck Williamson 1948— Biography
Education: University of Utah, MS, 1973; University of Texas at Austin, PhD, 1978.
Peter S. Willmott 1937— Biography
Family: Married Bonnie (maiden name unknown, divorced); married Michele (maiden name unknown); children (from first marriage): four.
Oprah Winfrey 1954— Biography
Family: Daughter of Vernon Winfrey (sailor and barber) and Vernita Lee (maid and dietician).
Patricia A. Woertz 1953— Biography
Education: Penn State University, BS, 1974; completed Columbia University's International Executive Development Program, 1994.
Shinichi Yokoyama Biography
Career: Sumitomo Life Insurance Company, 1966–1997, various positions; 1997–2000, managing director; 2000–2001, vice president; 2001–, president.
Dave Yost 1947— Biography
Education: United States Air Force Academy, BS, 1969; University of California at Los Angeles, MBA, 1970.
Larry D. Yost 1938— Biography
Career: Warner & Swasey Co., ?–1971, started as machinist, eventually graduating to junior management positions in production; Rockwell Automation, 1971–1976, production and inventory control manager of the Industrial Control Group (ICG) of the division Allen-Bradley; 1976–1979, manufacturing manager; 1979–1982, manufacturing director; 1982–1990, vice president of ICG operations; 1990–1994, senior vice president of ICG; 1994–1997, president of Heavy Vehicle Systems for Rockwell Automotive; 1997, president of Rockwell Automotive; Meritor Automotive, 1997–2000, president and CEO; ArvinMeritor Inc., 2000–, chairman and CEO.
Yun Jong-yong 1944— Biography
Career: Samsung Group, 1966–1969, entry-level positions; Samsung Electronics Company, 1969–1977, Television Business Division, Video Business Division; 1977–1980, branch-office manager; 1980–1981, director of Television Business Division; 1981–1985, director of Video Business Division; 1985–1988, director of Research and Development Division; 1988–1990, vice president of Electronics Group; 1990–1992, vice president and representative director of Consumer Electronics Business Group; 1992, president and representative director of Consumer Electronics Business Group; Samsung Electro-Mechanics Company, 1992–1993, president and CEO; 1993–1995, head of Display Devices Division; Samsung Japan, 1995–1996, president and CEO; Samsung Electronics, 1996–, president and CEO; Samsung Group, 1996–1999, president.
Antoine Zacharias 1939— Biography
Education: École Nationale Supérieure d'Electrotechnique, d'Electronique, d'Informatique, d'Hydraulique, et des Télécommunications (ENSEEIHT), BS.
Edward Zander 1947— Biography
Education: Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, BS, 1968; Boston University, MBA, 1975.
John D. Zeglis 1947— Biography
Education: University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, BS, 1969; Harvard University, JD, 1972.
Deiter Zetsche 1953— Biography
Education: University of Karlsruhe, MS, 1976; Technical University of Paderborn, PhD, 1982.
Zhang Enzhao 1946— Biography
Career: China Construction Bank, 1964–1984, various positions; China Investment Bank, 1984–1985, deputy general manager; China Construction Bank, 1986–1987, deputy general manager; 1987–1999, general manager; 1999–2000, deputy president; 2000–2002, first deputy president; 2002–, president.
Zhang Ligui Biography
Career: Beijing Telecommunication Administration, 1994–1998; China Telecommunications Corporation, 1998–1999, director general; State Post and Telecommunications Bureau of People's Republic of China, 1999–2000, director; China Telecommunications Corporation, 2000, president; China Mobile Communications Corporation, 2000–.
Zhou Deqiang 1941— Biography
Career: Beijing Long Distance Telephone Bureau, deputy chief engineer; Anhui Posts and Telecommunications Administration, deputy director general, director general; Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications; Ministry of Information Industry, vice minister; China Telecom, 2000–, president, chairman, and chief executive.
Aerin Lauder Zinterhofer 1970— Biography
Born: April 23, 1970, in New York City, New York.
Edward J. Zore 1945— Biography
Education: University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee, bachelor's and master's degrees.
Klaus Zumwinkel 1943— Biography
Education: University of Münster, business degree, 1969; Wharton School of Business of University of Pennsylvania, MBA, 1971; University of Münster, PhD, 1973.















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










Extended Interview: Sidney Taurel | PBS NewsHour






















































PBS NEWSHOUR
 WATCH
politics Shields and Brooks
Supreme Court
Vote 2016
Politics Monday
arts Art Beat
Poetry
Photo Essays
nation Supreme Court
Race Matters
Essays
Brief But Spectacular
world Social Entrepreneurship
economy Making Sen$e
Social Security
Ask the Headhunter
Paul Solman
science The Leading Edge
ScienceScope
Basic Research
Innovation and Invention
health Long-Term Care
education Teachers
Teachers’ Lounge
Student Reporting Labs
teachersThe RundownTV SCHEDULE
ABOUT US
FEEDBACK
PRESS
SUBSCRIPTIONS
PRIVACY
JOB OPENINGS


















SUBSCRIBE

FOLLOW US

















TOPICS >  Health 
Extended Interview: Sidney Taurel
September 3, 2001 at 12:00 AM EDT 
[Sorry, the video for this story has expired, but you can still read the transcript below. ]




 
 

 
 EMAIL







SUSAN DENTZER: Let’s go back for a moment to 1987, when Prozac comes on the market in the United States. What did the company think it had on its hands at that time?
SIDNEY TAUREL: We thought we had an innovative drug, but we did not realize what its potential really would turn out to be. We had no idea. At the time, we did not even have a full-time psychiatrist on board at Eli Lilly. So things have changed a lot since 1987.
SUSAN DENTZER: You didn’t have a full-time psychiatrist on board?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Correct.
SUSAN DENTZER: And still managed to come up with this drug.
SIDNEY TAUREL: Yes.
SUSAN DENTZER: Luck?
[Laughter.]
SUSAN DENTZER: Dumb luck?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Well, we had–we had some excellent scientists in the discovery area, and the clinical development was done by a clinical pharmacologist, rather than by a psychiatrist. And so we learned to–there were some mistakes made at the beginning of the development of the drug, in terms of how to best get a drug like this to the market, and it took longer than one would have expected. The approval by the FDA took four years.
SUSAN DENTZER: Was there a full understanding that, as an SSRI, this really was going to bring a new dimension to the treatment of depression?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Not a strong understanding of that. It became very clear, once the product hit the market and we started to get all of these wonderful stories from patients whose lives were being completely transformed by Prozac.
SUSAN DENTZER: And this quick–very quickly became almost a cultural phenomenon.
SIDNEY TAUREL: Uh-huh.
SUSAN DENTZER: Did you expect that?
SIDNEY TAUREL: No, we did not. It went way beyond our expectations. I think we–we knew by, by the early ’90s that we had a fantastic product on our hands. It was really revolutionizing the treatment of depression. What we tried to do is to also help people understand depression, help people seek treatment. Because, in those days, only 30 or 40 percent of the patients with depression would ever seek treatment.
And, also, many general practitioners, primary care physicians, would treat some of the symptoms of depression, the sleeplessness, the headaches, or what have you, without treating the syndrome, without making the clear diagnosis. So we were very involved as a company to make sure that psychiatrists would talk to their colleagues in general practice to help them understand what the symptoms of depression are.
We also worked a lot with patient association groups to ensure that they would talk to patients and get people to understand really the nature of this, of this illness. That is really like a physical illness and not a weakness, and that was actually the theme of the campaign that we had with the patient association groups: depression is an illness, not a weakness. And I think all of that contributed to the tremendous impact that, that Prozac has in destigmatizing depression. And I think, even beyond that, it has had a tremendous impact in destigmatizing mental health, in general.
SUSAN DENTZER: One executive, I believe an executive of Lilly, was quoted in a Business Week article as saying, “No company has ever survived a patent expiration of this type,” in terms of the magnitude of the product and its contribution to profitability and the impact following patent expiration.
Do you think Lilly is going to survive this?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Yes, I think the second part of that assertion–the statement was, “And Lilly will be the first one.” We believe, you know, the way we have made history with Prozac, we will, again, make history by not only weathering the storm created by the Prozac patent expiration, but also emerging out of that as the growth pharmaceutical company of this decade.
I truly believe that between the five products that we launched in the last five years and the ten products that we are expecting to launch in the next three years, Lilly will be able to come out in 2003 and beyond as the fastest growing company in our industry.
SUSAN DENTZER: I’d like to just go over some of the other Prozac issues, many of which I know have been largely laid to rest, but they still remain in people’s minds– obviously, less an issue now for this company now that–it’s more an issue now for the generic manufacturers.
The allegations about overuse of Prozac, which, in fact, some people have become quite worried about as internists, in general, family care providers also became active subscribers of it, what is Lilly’s sense of whether there was, in fact, lots of overuse of Prozac and lots of prescribing of Prozac for people for whom it was inappropriate?
SIDNEY TAUREL: We don’t have a lot of evidence that there has been a lot of that. I think there is certainly some, but you can make an even stronger case that a lot of people are still not diagnosed and treated properly for their depression.
At this stage, I think the estimate is about 55 to 60 percent of people who have depression are being diagnosed and treated. So that leaves another 40 to 45 percent of the people who are yet–who are not yet being treated.
SUSAN DENTZER: We’ll come back to that in a moment, but I want to ask you the allegations that the drug Prozac did produce some increase in suicidality among a certain group of patients, what is the company’s bottom-line belief about that?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Our bottom-line belief is that Prozac has saved millions of lives. Suicide is, unfortunately, a manifestation of depression, and no antidepressant works on 100-percent of the patients. So there are some patients on whom the product, and other antidepressants, don’t work and who end up committing suicide. But on two-thirds of the patients the product works, and that avoids a lot of suicides.
SUSAN DENTZER: Some people have raised a concern about the long-term use of fluoxetine, that there–and have pointed out that one of the ironic sort of anomalies of the product now becoming a generic is that nobody really has a vested interest now, in terms of a drug company, in studying the long-term use and nobody probably has the resources of one of the major manufacturers now to devote to a large clinical trial about long-term use. Do you think that’s an issue?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Well, I think what we are doing is taking all of the learning that we’ve had from all of those years of experience with Prozac and applying this as we do more research on improvement. And duloxetine is the first product of that.
SUSAN DENTZER: But is there adequate knowledge about the long-term use of fluoxetine?
SIDNEY TAUREL: I believe you have so many thousands of psychiatrists and primary care physicians out there who have had years of experience with a drug. So many patients have been on it for many, many years that I think we know as much about this product as we know about just about any other product, you know, in the market.
SUSAN DENTZER: And there’s nothing so far to suggest that there’s anything different, by virtue of the safety profile, of long-term use versus a much shorter-range use.
SIDNEY TAUREL: Not to my knowledge, no.
SUSAN DENTZER: We saw the poster coming up the stairs, and you mentioned also the slogan, how does it go, “We made history with Prozac–“
SIDNEY TAUREL: “–history with Prozac. Let’s do it again.”
SUSAN DENTZER: Why is it important to have that kind of a slogan now for this company?
SIDNEY TAUREL: Well, clearly, our organization is facing the biggest challenge in the company’s history when you have a product representing more than 20 percent of your sales go down fairly precipitously, as we can expect in the next 12 months. That creates a major challenge for an organization.
So it’s very important that a great sense of urgency be created so that everyone in the organization is focused on, on delivering results and delivering results for us means growing the five new products that we launched recently and making sure that every product in our pipeline has been launched successfully.


 SHARE ON FACEBOOK
 SHARE ON TWITTER
 SHARE VIA TEXT



Are you aware of our comment policy?
PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.




READ THIS NEXT How Russia hacked American faith in the democratic process






SUBSCRIBE

FOLLOW US






SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY







 Loading...

READ MORE





 Loading... 

WATCHFULL BROADCASTS
LISTENFULL AUDIO PODCASTS





SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY








MOST READ
MOST DISCUSSED


1Shields and Brooks on Spicer stepping down, GOP health care bill fumble 2Forget sharks: 7 things in the water swimmers should actually fear 3The Library of Congress opened its catalogs to the world. Here’s why it matters 4Minneapolis police chief resigns after fatal shooting of Justine Damond 5What a scientist suggests you tell your kids about legal marijuana 


1Can President Trump pardon himself?2Are consumers ready to hit the gas on electric cars?3If SNAP benefits are cut, who hurts the most?4How Russia hacked American faith in the democratic process5Shields and Brooks on Spicer stepping down, GOP health care bill fumble










TOPICS

RECENT PROGRAMS
POLITICS
ARTS
NATION
WORLD


ECONOMY
SCIENCE
HEALTH
EDUCATION
TEACHERS


TV LISTINGS
ABOUT US
PRESS
FEEDBACK
SUBSCRIPTIONS
PRIVACY
JOB OPENINGS



© 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC.All Rights Reserved.
Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.



 
















































Health | PBS NewsHour



































 











PBS NEWSHOUR
 WATCH
politics Shields and Brooks
Supreme Court
Vote 2016
Politics Monday
arts Art Beat
Poetry
Photo Essays
nation Supreme Court
Race Matters
Essays
Brief But Spectacular
world Social Entrepreneurship
economy Making Sen$e
Social Security
Ask the Headhunter
Paul Solman
science The Leading Edge
ScienceScope
Basic Research
Innovation and Invention
health Long-Term Care
education Teachers
Teachers’ Lounge
Student Reporting Labs
teachersThe RundownTV SCHEDULE
ABOUT US
FEEDBACK
PRESS
SUBSCRIPTIONS
PRIVACY
JOB OPENINGS


















SUBSCRIBE

FOLLOW US















Health
Long-Term Care







 Politics 


Sen. Roberts: We need to debate and vote on the health care bill

July 19, 2017





 



Sen. Wicker: Trump believes health care bill can get 50 votes
July 19, 2017   
President Trump urged Senate Republicans to try again to get enough votes to pass a health care bill that would repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. Sen. Roger Wicker, R-Miss., joins Judy Woodruff to discuss the impact of the president’s entreaty on lawmakers, as well as how the Republican effort to reform health care might affect his state. Continue reading →






 GOP health care bill McConnell aims for full Obamacare repeal after replacement bill withers
July 18, 2017   
With the latest push by Senate Republicans to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act coming to an anticlimactic end, party leaders have shifted their focus to simply focus on “repeal.” Sen. Mitch McConnell proposed delaying the effective date of repeal for two years, while Democrats flexed their opposition. Lisa Desjardins joins Judy Woodruff to discuss the latest. Continue reading →






 GOP health care bill Where Bernie Sanders sees bipartisan middle ground on health care
July 18, 2017   
Will Democrats have a seat at the table now that the Republican push on health care has collapsed? Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., joins Judy Woodruff to discuss what went wrong and the possible path ahead on health care reform. Continue reading →






Presidents get sick and die. What happens next hasn’t always been clear
July 18, 2017    BY Dr. Howard Markel   
The Constitution describes the legal transfer of presidential power to the vice president if the former resigns or dies while in office. But this guiding document does little to describe what happens if the president becomes seriously ill, or who has the legal authority to determine if a particular illness or condition is severe enough to prevent the president from fulfilling his or her job. Continue reading →






The sticking points keeping the GOP health care bill in limbo
July 17, 2017   
The vote on the Senate Republican health care bill has been delayed, but the behind-the-scenes battle continues. What key questions could help decide the bill’s fate? Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel of the University of Pennsylvania and Avik Roy of the Foundation for Research on Equal Opportunity join Judy Woodruff to debate different aspects of the proposed legislation. Continue reading →






Governors from both parties wary of GOP health care plan
July 16, 2017   
At the National Governors Association’s summer meeting in Providence, Rhode Island, there was bipartisan resistance to the Republican healthcare plan, which threatens to cut federal Medicaid subsidies. Washington Post reporter Sean Sullivan, who attended the gathering, joins Hari Sreenivasan from Washington.  Continue reading →






Here’s what’s in the Senate GOP health care bill 2.0
July 13, 2017   
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell unveiled Thursday the second version of the GOP’s  proposed repeal of the Affordable Care Act, but the path to passage remains anything but clear. The new bill aims to stabilize insurance costs for consumers, but also contains a controversial amendment. Julie Rovner of Kaiser Health News and Lisa Desjardins join Judy Woodruff to take a closer look. Continue reading →






Deep in coal country, West Virginia patients speak out about GOP health bill
July 11, 2017   
As Republicans on Capitol Hill try to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, we visit patients and health care providers at a health center in Mingo County, West Virginia — a region that strongly supported President Trump, in a state that has been ravaged by the opioid epidemic — to listen to the health care challenges they face and how the expansion of Medicaid has benefited them. Continue reading →






What Virginia’s poorest citizens want from health care reform
July 10, 2017   
As Republicans on Capitol Hill try to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, we visit patients and health care providers at a free clinic in rural southwest Virginia — a region that strongly supported President Trump, in a state that did not expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act — to listen to the extreme health care challenges they face and what they think should be done. Continue reading →






A public housing project where healthy living is the foundation
July 7, 2017   
In downtown Denver, a recently built public housing project is designed to foster healthy living, with access to nutritious food, access to doctors and ease of exercise. Jeffrey Brown reports.  Continue reading →






Page 1 of 34112351015»Last »







SUBSCRIBE

FOLLOW US






SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY


PBS NewsHour Health is Supported By




SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY







Health


 Loading...

READ MORE



SUBSCRIBE

Receive The Daily Dispatch From the NewsHour Health Team



SUBSCRIBE





Receive audio podcasts directly to your device
MORE 


EDITOR'S PICKSWhat’s in the Senate Republican health care billWhy more dust storms and Valley fever are blanketing the SouthwestWhat Trump’s budget proposal means for science, health and tech










TOPICS

RECENT PROGRAMS
POLITICS
ARTS
NATION
WORLD


ECONOMY
SCIENCE
HEALTH
EDUCATION
TEACHERS


TV LISTINGS
ABOUT US
PRESS
FEEDBACK
SUBSCRIPTIONS
PRIVACY
JOB OPENINGS



© 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC.All Rights Reserved.
Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.



 











































Sidney Taurel: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 10:45 PM ET
Media

Company Overview of Pearson plc



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Sidney   Taurel  Chairman, Pearson plcAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 10 Board Members in 10 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships68516,000 GBP
Background

		Mr. Sidney Taurel founded the Capital Campaign of International School of Indiana and serves as its Chairman. Mr. Taurel serves as Senior Advisor of Moelis & Company. He served as a Senior Advisor of CRG. He joined CRG on January 1, 2010. He served as an Executive Chairman of Eli Lilly and Company from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2008 and also served as its Chief Executive Officer from July 1998 to March 31, 2008, President from February 1996 to October 1, 2005 and ... Executive Director from 1991 to December 31, 2008. He became a General Manager of Eli Lilly and Company affiliate in 1981 and was appointed to the London-based position of Vice President of Lilly European Operations in 1983. He served as Senior Advisor of Capital Royalty L.P.He served as an Executive Vice President of Eli Lilly and Company from 1993 to 1996 and its Executive Vice President of the Pharmaceutical Division from 1991 to 1993. He joined Eli Lilly and Company in 1971 and worked at Eli Lilly for 37 years, 15 of which were spent on international assignments. He held senior leadership positions for 23 years at Eli Lilly and Company, becoming President of Lilly International in 1986, Vice President of the Pharmaceutical Division in 1991, President of the Pharmaceutical Division in 1993 and Chief Operating Officer from 1996 to 1998. He also joined the Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1971 as a Marketing Associate. He served as the President of Export Council from February 2002 to 2007 and served as President's Homeland Security Advisory Council from June 2002 to 2004. He served as the President of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America from 1993 to 2008. He was named President of Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1986. He has been the Chairman and Director of Pearson plc since January 1, 2016. He has been the Chairman Emeritus of Eli Lilly and Company since 2009. He served as the Chairman of Eli Lilly International Corporation. He serves as a Vice Chairman of the Kennedy Center Corporate Fund. He has been a Director at International Business Machines Corporation since 2001. He serves as a Director of Eli Lilly and Company Foundation. He serves as a Director of the RCA Tennis Championships. He serves as a Member of Board of Overseers at Columbia Business School. He is a Graduate Member of The Business Council. He has been a Member of Advisory Board at Moelis & Company Holdings LP (Moelis & Company L.P.) since June 28, 2011. He has been a Member of Global Advisory Board-Spain at Almirall, S.A. and Member of Global Advisory Board at Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited since 2009. He has been a Trustee of the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Inc., since 2000. He has been a Member of the Board of Overseers at the Columbia Business School since 1991. He is a Member of a university oversight board. He served as a Director at BioCrossroads since 2008. He served as an Independent Director of S&P Global Inc. (formerly, McGraw Hill Financial, Inc.) from 1996 to April 27, 2016. He served as a Director at ITT Inc. from 1996 to 2001. Mr. Taurel became a Chevalier (knight) of the French Legion of Honor in 2001. He was selected by Worth Magazine as one of the 11 best CEOs in America and twice by Institutional Investor as the best Chief Executive Officer in the pharmaceutical industry. Mr. Taurel holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Columbia University in 1971 and graduated from École des Hautes Études Commerciales, in Paris, France, in 1969.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
80 StrandLondon, Greater London WC2R 0RLUnited KingdomPhone: 44 20 7010 2000Fax: 44 20 7010 6060
Board Members Memberships
Chairman of the BoardEli Lilly International CorporationDirectorEli Lilly and Company Foundation2000-PresentDirectorIndianapolis Museum Of Art, Inc.2001-PresentDirectorInternational Business Machines Corporation2016-PresentChairmanPearson plc
Education
MBA 1971Columbia UniversityUnknown/Other Education 1969Groupe HEC
Other Affiliations
S&P Global Inc.International Business Machines CorporationITT Inc.Eli Lilly and CompanyTakeda Pharmaceutical Company LimitedColumbia Business SchoolColumbia UniversityEli Lilly International CorporationEli Lilly and Company FoundationAlmirall, S.A.Indianapolis Museum Of Art, Inc.BioCrossroadsGroupe HECCRGMoelis Asset Management LP


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation516,000 GBPTotal Calculated Compensation516,000 GBP




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationDouglas L. Becker Founder, Chairman of the Board & CEOLaureate Education, Inc.$1.0MTimothy J. O’Shaughnessy Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorGraham Holdings Company$750.0KJonathan S. Bush Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President athenahealth, Inc.$590.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Pearson plc, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























 



CRG | News | Details | Pharmaceutical Industry Veteran And Pioneer Sidney Taurel Joins Capital Roy
















home
About Us
People
Portfolio
News
Contact Us




INVESTOR LOGIN

Fund I Investor Login »
Fund II Investor Login »
Fund III Investor Login »










home
About Us
People
Portfolio
News
Contact Us
Fund I Investor Login »
Fund II Investor Login »
Fund III Investor Login »







news




News by Year

2017 »2016 »2015 »2014 »2013 »2012 »2010 »2009 »


All News

All News
Press ReleasesIn the News






All News
Press ReleasesIn the News




Mar2Pharmaceutical Industry Veteran and Pioneer Sidney Taurel Joins Capital Royalty as Senior Advisor
-- Former Eli Lilly & Co. CEO and Chariman Brings Global Healthcare Industry Perspective, Experience and Relationships to Capital Royalty's Healthcare Financing Team --
 
Houston, TX - March 2, 2010 – Capital Royalty L.P. (“Capital Royalty”) announced today that effective immediately, Sidney Taurel, a recognized global pharmaceutical veteran and innovator, has joined the firm as a Senior Advisor. Mr. Taurel also will Chair Capital Royalty’s newly-established Strategic Advisory Committee (“SAC”).
 
Mr. Taurel brings a lifetime career of pharmaceutical industry experience and leadership, including 37 years at Eli Lilly and Co. where he served successively as President of Lilly International, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, and a decade as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. A visionary and pioneer in transforming his own industry, Mr. Taurel was integral in shaping Lilly’s long-term future direction, including a strategic focus in building product pipelines through partnerships and licensing activities, many of which created large royalty streams.  Over his career, Mr. Taurel completed over $30 billion in acquisitions and licensing transactions.
 
As Senior Advisor, Mr. Taurel will support Capital Royalty’s efforts in sourcing new monetization opportunities, enhancing the Firm’s robust due diligence processes, evaluating potential investments, strengthening the Firm’s pharmaceutical and biotech industry relationships, and helping to shape the Firm’s vision and strategy to take advantage of emerging opportunities and trends created by the growth of and changes in the healthcare industry.
 
Mr. Taurel will also serve as the Chairman of Capital Royalty’s Strategic Advisory Committee created to support the Firm’s investment team in identifying emerging industry trends, strengthening industry relationships, evaluating potential new investments and pursuing new areas of opportunity. In his role as Chairman, Mr. Taurel will help identify and recruit world-class committee members including recognized global thought leaders and experts with complementary experience in scientific development, government reimbursement and healthcare regulatory policy. 
 
“Our stated goal is to strengthen and position Capital Royalty for market leadership in healthcare investing for the future. Our plan is three-fold:  assemble a world-class investment team that unites the finest pioneers and innovators in healthcare financing; sharpen our collective vision to enhance our competitive market advantage; and, refine our royalty investment strategy to attract the highest-quality IP assets through the design of innovative royalty financing structures,” said Charles W. Tate, Capital Royalty Founder and Chairman.
 
“We are gratified that the success of 2009’s strategic initiatives together with record investment performance generated by Capital Royalty’s assembled world-class team, has attracted the attention and commitment of Mr. Taurel, a giant in the pharmaceutical industry. Sidney brings a wealth of industry leadership, knowledge, experience and contacts as well as a strong commitment to support Capital Royalty’s future vision. He will be integral in helping shape and execute our vision for the future,” said Mr. Tate.
 
“It is an honor to have the opportunity to work with a team of this caliber to build the future success of Capital Royalty. The firm’s pioneering commitment to deliver the most cutting-edge and innovative healthcare financing to support our industry fits well with my background and views on the future of the pharmaceutical industry.  At Eli Lilly, I helped to lead the company and industry in its strategic transformation to increasingly build its product pipeline through partnering and licensing activities. Royalty transactions are now a core part of the industry’s long-term strategy and they will continue to create tremendous opportunities for both royalty sellers and their investors,” said Mr. Taurel. 
 
Over his career, Mr. Taurel has served on several global public and private corporate boards, including the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), the boards of both IBM Corporation and McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc, and the board of Overseers of the Columbia Business School. Mr. Taurel is a member of The Business Roundtable and the executive committee of The Business Council, as well as an integral part of the President's Homeland Security Advisory Council (2002-2004), the President's Export Council (2005-2006), and the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
 
About Capital Royalty, L.P.
Founded in 2003, Capital Royalty L.P. is a market pioneer and innovator in healthcare investing with a focus on intellectual property investments in FDA-approved biopharmaceutical assets through royalty bond and other royalty monetization structures. Collectively, the Capital Royalty investment team has more than 140 years of healthcare, capital markets, private equity and investment banking experience, having completed more than 50 royalty transactions representing $3.7 billion in capital over the past fifteen years. Capital Royalty focuses on sourcing, structuring and investing in healthcare royalty monetization transactions that target attractive risk-adjusted returns with superior downside protection for investors.  The Firm is headquartered in Houston, Texas with offices in New York, New York and Boulder, Colorado.  For further information, please visit www.capitalroyalty.com.










Contact Us
 |  Privacy Policy |  TERMS AND CONDITIONS







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.


























taurel sidney - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Sidney Taurel | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Sidney Taurel's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Hotels In Sidney - What's the #1 Hotel in Sidney?



Ad
 ·
www.TripAdvisor.com/​Sidney



What's the #1 Hotel in Sidney? See Deals for Sidney Hotels!


tripadvisor.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(1,936 reviews)





Find a Cheap Flight



Top B&Bs



Best Places to Eat




Best Bargain Hotels



Award-Winning Hotels



Find Hotels





Improve Kidney Function - Reverse Impaired Kidney Function.



Ad
 ·
infohow.us/​KidneyDiet



Reverse Impaired Kidney Function. Avoid Dialysis & Heal Your Kidneys!















Sidney Taurel




Sidney Taurel (born February 9, 1949, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-born American businessman. He is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and Company. He became

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Sidney Taurel - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/sidney-taurel


Sidney Taurel was paid $1,852,938 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines


Sidney Taurel - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Sidney_Taurel


Sidney Taurel (born February 9, 1949, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-born American businessman. He is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and ...


Sidney Taurel - WOW.com

content.wow.com/wiki/Sidney_Taurel


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Is Eli Lilly in Good Hands? - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/article/2012/12/26/is-eli-lilly-in-good-hands/...


He inherited the top job in 2008 after Sidney Taurel retired. Merck's CEO was a lawyer. ... The article Is Eli Lilly in Good Hands? originally appeared on Fool.com.


Michael L. Eskew - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/michael-l-eskew


Michael L. Eskew was paid $3,025,479 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines and United Parcel Service


Juergen Dormann - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/juergen-dormann


Juergen Dormann was paid $583,517 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines


Joan E. Spero - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/joan-e-spero


Joan E. Spero was paid $1,886,264 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines and Citigroup


Minoru Makihara - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/minoru-makihara


Minoru Makihara was paid $627,701 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines


Lucio A. Noto - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/lucio-a-noto


Lucio A. Noto was paid $3,581,639 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines and Philip Morris International


Alain J.P. Belda - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/alain-j-p-belda


Alain J.P. Belda was paid $2,122,377 to sit on the boards of International Business Machines and Citigroup










We Found Sidney Taurel | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



1) Sidney Taurel's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Hotels In Sidney - What's the #1 Hotel in Sidney?



Ad
 ·
www.TripAdvisor.com/​Sidney



What's the #1 Hotel in Sidney? See Deals for Sidney Hotels!


tripadvisor.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(1,936 reviews)





Find a Cheap Flight



Top B&Bs



Best Places to Eat




Best Bargain Hotels



Award-Winning Hotels



Find Hotels





Improve Kidney Function - Reverse Impaired Kidney Function.



Ad
 ·
infohow.us/​KidneyDiet



Reverse Impaired Kidney Function. Avoid Dialysis & Heal Your Kidneys!



Searches related totaurel sidney



sidney taurel net worth


sidney taurel wife


sidney taurel bio


kathy taurel suicide



kathryn taurel suicide


sidney taurel eli lilly


sidney taurel pearson


sidney taurel ibm




12345Next

Related Searches



sidney taurel net worth


sidney taurel wife


sidney taurel bio


kathy taurel suicide


kathryn taurel suicide


sidney taurel eli lilly


sidney taurel pearson


sidney taurel ibm




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











sidney - Walmart.comSkip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroShowing 1-20 of 9,029 resultsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionDepartmentsHome ImprovementLighting & Light FixturesCeiling FixturesBathroom RenovationDoors and GatesHardwareHome SafetyKitchen RenovationPaintShipping and MovingToolsSee all Home ImprovementBeautyCell PhonesVideo GamesParty & OccasionsJewelryBooksElectronicsHomeMovies & TVMusic on CD or VinylSports & OutdoorsToysPhoto CenterBabyPatio & GardenClothingPetsAuto & TiresFoodHealthArts, Crafts & SewingMusical InstrumentsPersonal CareOfficeSee all DepartmentsShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupFREE Pickup TodayBrandThe Poster CorpPop Culture GraphicsPosterazziLantern PressBuyEnlargeMaps of the PastCustom CasesWarner Bros.Photo FileGlobal GalleryFrames By MailGOTHAM DISTRIBUTION CORPNEONBLONDCINEDIGMLIONS GATEAndersonManual Woodworkers & WeaversC & I CollectablesChandra RugsMagicoSee more brandsRefinePrice$ to $GoTop brandsThe Poster CorpPop Culture GraphicsPosterazziLantern PressBuyEnlargeMaps of the PastCustom CasesStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest matchbest_matchbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest matchBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - Ameriwood Home Sidney 3 Bin Storage End Table, BlackProduct ImageProduct TitleAmeriwood Home Sidney 3 Bin Storage End Table, BlackPrice$29.87Was $34.00Save  $4.13Product TitleAmeriwood Home Sidney 3 Bin Storage End Table, BlackSpecial BuyAverage rating:3.4286out of5stars, based on119reviews(119)ratingsFree shipping on orders over $35Free store pickupProduct Spec3 fabric binsChrome grommet handle pullsHard top table shelfFree shipping on orders over $35Free store pickupProduct - Ameriwood Home Sidney 4-Bin Storage End Table, Zebra/BlackProduct ImageProduct TitleAmeriwood Home Sidney 4-Bin Storage End Table, Zebra/BlackPrice$26.82Was $42.00Save  $15.18Product TitleAmeriwood Home Sidney 4-Bin Storage End Table, Zebra/BlackRollbackAverage rating:3out of5stars, based on19reviews(19)ratingsFree shipping on orders over $35Free store pickupProduct Spec4 zebra print fabric binsChrome grommet handle pullsHard table top shelfFree shipping on orders over $35Free store pickupProduct - CHF & You Sidney Grommet Window Valance/TierProduct ImageProduct TitleCHF & You Sidney Grommet Window Valance/TierPrice$6.00 - $9.29Product TitleCHF & You Sidney Grommet Window Valance/TierRollbackAverage rating:5out of5stars, based on2reviews(2)ratingsFree shipping on orders over $35Free store pickupProduct Variants SelectorProduct Spec100 percent polyesterMachine wash coldAvailable in various sizes and colorsFree shipping on orders over $35Free store pickupProduct - TCM Greatest Classic Legends: Sidney Poitier - Something Of Value / Edge Of The City / A Patch Of Blue / Blackboard JungleProduct ImageProduct TitleTCM Greatest Classic Legends: Sidney Poitier - Something Of Value / Edge Of The City / A Patch Of Blue / Blackboard JunglePrice$9.51Product TitleTCM Greatest Classic Legends: Sidney Poitier - Something Of Value / Edge Of The City / A Patch Of Blue / Blackboard JungleAverage rating:4.5out of5stars, based on4reviews(4)ratingsUnratedFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Free Pickup + DiscountProduct SpecStarring:Sidney Poitier Glenn Ford John Cassavetes Jack Warden Ruby Dee Rock Hudson Elizabeth Hartman Shelly WintersRunning:404 minutesFormat:DVDRelease:09/21/2015Rating:UnratedFree2-Day Shippingon orders over $35Free Pickup + Discount   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-205642966, DC-prod-dfw3, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-


Books - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroBooksAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryChildren's Booksuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction & AdventureActivity BooksAges 3-5Ages 6-8Ages 9-12AnimalsBaby - Age 2ClassicsConceptsFamilyGames & ActivitiesGeneralGirls & WomenHumorLanguage ArtsMedia Tie-InsReligionRomanceScience Fiction, Fantasy & MagicSocial ThemesLiterature & Fictionuse right arrow to open the sub menuComic Books & Graphic NovelsDramaFictionLiterary CollectionsLiterary CriticismTrue CrimeChristian Books & Biblesuse right arrow to open the sub menuBiblesBiblical MeditationsBiblical ReferenceBiblical StudiesChristian Children's BooksChristian ChurchChristian EducationChristian LifeChristian MinistryChristian TheologyChristianityFictionWalmart Best SellersTextbooksuse right arrow to open the sub menuAstronomyBiologyChemistryCliffs NotesCliffsQuickReviewDictionaries & ThesaurusesEducationForeign LanguageLanguage Arts & DisciplinesLawMathematicsMedicalPhilosophyPhysicsScience-OtherScientific DisciplinesScientific PhenomenaStudent LifeStudy AidsTechnologyTeen & Young Adultuse right arrow to open the sub menuAction & AdventureBiographies & AutobiographiesBooks & LibrariesDystopianEpistolaryFairy Tales & FolkloreFamilyGirls & WomenHealth & Daily LivingHistoricalHorrorHumorLight NovelLoners & OutcastsMysteries, Thrillers & SuspenseParanormal, Occult & SupernaturalPeople & PlacesRomanceScience Fiction & FantasySocial ThemesBusiness & MoneyAdult Coloring BooksEducation & Study Aidsuse right arrow to open the sub menuEducationStudy AidsArts & Entertainmentuse right arrow to open the sub menuArchitectureArtDesignMusicPerforming ArtsPhotographyComic Books & Graphic Novelsuse right arrow to open the sub menuChildren's Comic Books & Graphic NovelsComic Book & Graphic Novel AdaptationsComics & Graphic Novel AnthologiesContemporary Women ComicsGeneralHorror Comics & Graphic NovelsLiterary Comics & Graphic NovelsMangaMedia Tie-insNonfictionRomance & Erotica Graphic NovelsScience Fiction & FantasySuperheroesTeen Comic Books & Graphic NovelsHealth & Wellnessuse right arrow to open the sub menuAlternative TherapiesAromatherapyBeauty & GroomingBody Cleansing & DetoxificationChildren's HealthDiseasesGeneralHealingHealth Care IssuesHealthy LivingHerbal MedicationsMassage & ReflexotherapyMen's HealthNaturopathyPain ManagementPregnancy & ChildbirthReferenceSexualityVisionWomen's HealthSee more categoriesWhat's NewNew ReleasesPreordersTop 200Adult Coloring Booksuse right arrow to open the sub menuAdult Bible Coloring BooksCooking, Food & WineBiographies & MemoirsCrafts & HobbiesPopular in BooksManga Comic BooksSuper Heroes Comic BooksKids' Comic BooksGifts for GrandmaHorror Comic BooksSheet MusicGame Of Thrones BooksGardeningHere are some items based on your search. See all booksGo to previous slide, 0 of 4Go to next slide, 2 of 4Carousel Page 1 of 4 activeCarousel Page 2 of 4 falseCarousel Page 3 of 4 falseCarousel Page 4 of 4 falsepause slide animationNew release booksSee allSkip to end of links$8.89List Price$15.50Save$6.61Dinosaurs, Diamonds and Democracy: A Short, Short History of South Africa2-Day Shipping$11.69All the Light We Cannot See2-Day Shipping$7.32List Price$9.99Save$2.67The Twisted Ones2-Day ShippingBest Seller$12.00Thank You for Arguing: What Aristotle, Lincoln, and Homer Simpson Can Teach Us About the Art of Persuasion2-Day Shipping$13.99List Price$19.99Save$6.00Angels of Abundance Oracle Cards: A 44-card Deck and Guidebook2-Day Shipping$22.60List Price$30.00Save$7.40Seven Stones to Stand or Fall: A Collection of Outlander Fiction2-Day ShippingBest Seller$21.99List Price$29.99Save$8.00Rediscovering Americanism: And the Tyranny of Progressivism2-Day ShippingBest Seller$14.11Worlds Collide2-Day ShippingGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaNAre you ready to read? We've got your book Reading is a wonderful way to relax and to learn new things. Immerse yourself in a story, get to know new characters, read about your favorite historical period or learn a new skill by picking up a book. Walmart has a huge selection of reading material, including classics, new releases and non-fiction. Are you looking for some reading recommendations or want to find out what's popular? Take a look at the Top 200 section. you'll find modern classics such as Game of Thrones or the Harry Potter books and new releases that are the basis for recent movies such as The Girl on the Train. This is a good place to start your search for your next book. Books for every age Children should start to read early. there's a wide selection of fun and colorful books for toddlers, some storybooks for young children and some classics including the Berenstain Bears or Disney books for children who are just starting to read by themselves. Encourage your children to read on their own by getting books adapted to their reading level. Shop for books featuring your children s favorite characters such as the Minions or the Avengers to get them to read. There are so many novels and series to discover in the teen and young adult section, especially in the sci-fi, fantasy and romance genres. The Divergent or Hunger Games series are great reads for teens who love sci-fi and fantasy. Page-turners from John Green or Suzanne Collins are great choices for young adults. New in mysteries Discover or re-discover classics by Agatha Christie or Mary Higgins Clark. Get the latest books from James Patterson, John Grisham or Harlan Coben. there's so much to read if you're a fan of the mystery and suspense genre. These books will have you staying up late to find out who did it! The literature and fiction category has something for everyone as well. Browse for adventure, historical, horror, sci-fi or look for classics. Finding something to read should not be difficult if you have a favorite genre or a favorite author, but why not try something new? Take a look at the humor category, browse for some poetry books or check out popular sagas if you want to try something different. Are you looking for something different to read? Why not try a comic book? You can choose from several superheroes comic book series or give manga a chance. Horror comic books are a great choice if you're a fan of the genre. Take a look at comic book series for children and teens if you're looking for something that would encourage your child to read more! Coloring isn't just for children. Walmart has an amazing selection of coloring books for teens and adults with gorgeous landscapes and patterns. Coloring is very relaxing and is an ideal activity if you want to do something fun that doesn t involve staring at a screen before going to bed. Coloring is for everyone and you can create masterpieces even if you don t consider yourself to be an artist. Finding new recipes, learning new cooking techniques, discovering new cultures, finding a healthier way to eat are only a few of the advantages of reading cooking books. Whether you want to start a new diet or just try some new dishes, Walmart has something for you at Every Day Low Prices. If you like learning new things, the non-fiction section was made for you. You can shop for textbooks that you need for school or simply get a textbook for a subject you have always wanted to learn more about. Self-help books can help you improve your life and overcome many obstacles. Biographies can be a great source of inspiration and allow you to learn more about historical figures. New releases See the books that came out this week or this month. Your favorite author might have written something new or the latest installment of a series you have been following might be out. Check the new releases section if you like to keep up with the latest books or if you're not sure what you should read next. All of your favorite series are available as boxed sets, including Harry Potter and the Twilight saga. Boxed sets and collections make great gifts for the book lovers you know. they're also great additions to your personal collection if you like to display your books on shelves.Show moreElectrode, Comp-115863236, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.15.0, SHA-06ca1a9068b558bd33bd1add57a0b13a52090f9f, CID-


Walmart Best Sellers - Walmart.comSkip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroShowing 1-40 of 409 productsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupFREE Pickup TodayFiction/Non-FictionAdult FictionAdult Non-FictionEasy FictionJuvenile FictionEasy Non-FictionJuvenile Non-FictionSee more fiction/non-fictionsFormatPaperbackHardcoverSchool and LibraryCD/Spoken WordSee more formatsRefinePrice$ to $GoStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest sellersbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - The Girl on the TrainProduct ImagePrice$8.88Product TitleThe Girl on the TrainProduct - The Magnolia StoryProduct ImagePrice$20.33List price $26.99Save  $6.66Product TitleThe Magnolia StoryProduct - First 100 WordsBest SellerProduct ImagePrice$4.41Product TitleFirst 100 WordsProduct - Me Before YouProduct ImagePrice$7.99List price $9.99Save  $2.00Product TitleMe Before YouProduct - To Kill a MockingbirdProduct ImagePrice$7.25Product TitleTo Kill a MockingbirdProduct - Double DownProduct ImagePrice$10.51Product TitleDouble DownProduct - The Book of MysteriesBest SellerProduct ImagePrice$16.41List price $21.99Save  $5.58Product TitleThe Book of MysteriesProduct - A Man Called OveProduct ImagePrice$11.88Product TitleA Man Called Ove   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-185575983, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-


Free Shipping : Enjoy Free 2-Day Shipping on Qualified Items - WalmartSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year hero
Get your purchases fast with our free two-day shipping programThere's so much convenience when it comes to online shopping. It's easy to find exactly what you're looking for all in one place when you shop with Walmart online. Plus, you can see all the items that you want to purchase and know immediately whether they're in stock or not. However, two issues that arise   that you don't deal with when you're shopping in store   is that you sometimes have to wait several days to get your purchases or pay a higher additional fee to get your purchases shipped faster. However, thanks to Walmart, you don t have to deal with either problem. We offer free two-day shipping on millions of the items that we sell, and it's all available to you without joining a membership club or paying extra fees for the privilege. Combine this with our low prices, every day, on everything, and you can get the things you want quickly at prices that fit your budget.How Walmart's free two-day shipping worksWhen you're looking at our website to find the types of items that you're interested in purchasing, the first step is to look for the logo that says 2-Day Shipping on the product page. Many of these items will also state Free store pickup or Free store pickup today below the free shipping information. If you see these words on the product page for your item, you have the additional option to pick the item up for free at your chosen Walmart location or receive it at your designated location for free as long as you spend $35 or more. If your purchase is less than $35, you can upgrade to free shipping for $5.99.On the left-hand side of all the pages on our website, you'll see a section that section labeled Shipping & Pickup. Beneath that, you'll find the option for 2-Day Shipping. Click the radio button next to 2-Day Shipping and the page will reload, displaying only items that are available for free two-day shipping. As long as you place your order by 2 p.m., you can expect delivery in two business days. This means that, if you order your item after 2 p.m. on a Friday, you won't receive it until the following Wednesday. However, if you order it on Tuesday before 2 p.m., you can expect to get it by the following Friday. Keep in mind that weekends and holidays don't count as business days for shipping. Also, be sure to note that the 2 p.m. cutoff time is relative to the time zone where we're shipping your item from, not the time zone from where you're ordering it.Other shipping optionsRemember that any item that's marked with 2-Day Shipping on its page is also eligible for free shipping on qualifying purchase amounts. Most of these items are also eligible for in-store pickup   many of them that same day   even if you order after 2 p.m. If you select an item that's not eligible for our free two-day shipping program, there are many others that are eligible for free three- to five-day shipping. Again, this free shipping is only for purchases of $35 or more. Items that are part of this shipping promotion include Marketplace and freight items, but shipping costs are based on location on a case-by case basis for these products.If you're ordering an item that we're not shipping to you   but one of our trusted partners is   it's possible that they might offer free shipping too. However, it might not be for a specific time frame. To verify, check the shipping information found on the product page, located below the item's price.What you should know about the free two-day shipping programHere's some additional information about Walmart's free two-day shipping program:Residents of Hawaii and Alaska aren't eligible for the free 2-Day Shipping program; it's only available in the contiguous United StatesRecipients who have their packages sent to these locations   AA, AE, AK, AP, AS, FM, GU, HI, MP, PK, PW and VI or any APO or FPO in the continental U.S.   will receive free three- to five-day shipping for their items on purchases of more than $35. There may be additional surcharges to ship to one of these areas, and this information will appear when you check out with your purchase.Show moreElectrode, Comp-115863236, DC-prod-dal1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.15.0, SHA-06ca1a9068b558bd33bd1add57a0b13a52090f9f, CID-


Sidney Taurel - Wikipedia





















 






Sidney Taurel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Sidney Taurel (born February 9, 1949, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-born American businessman. He is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and Company. He became chief executive officer in July 1998 and chairman of the board of directors on January 1, 1999. He was succeeded as chief executive officer by John C. Lechleiter on April 1, 2008. He now serves as an advisor at Moelis & Company. He regularly advises Almirall S.A. on issues of corporate strategy.



Contents


1 Education
2 Eli Lilly and Company
3 Accolades
4 External links



Education[edit]
After graduating from EDHEC Business School, in France, in 1969, he received an MBA degree from Columbia Business School in 1971. He married Kathryn H. Fleischmann in 1977, with whom he has three children. Taurel became an American citizen in November 1995.
Eli Lilly and Company[edit]
Taurel joined the Lilly subsidiary Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1971 as a marketing associate. He became general manager of the company's affiliate in Brazil in 1981 and was appointed to the London-based position of vice president of Lilly European operations in 1983. He was named executive vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of its pharmaceutical division in 1993. Three years later, he was promoted to president by Randall L. Tobias and then to chief operating officer.
According to Forbes Magazine Taurel was paid $7.2 million in total compensation by Eli Lilly in 2005 and $12.95 million in 2006.
Accolades[edit]
A U.S. citizen since 1995, Sidney received the 2000 Ellis Island Medal of Honor from the National Ethnic Coalition of Organizations. Also in 2001, the Anti-Defamation League honored Taurel with its American Heritage Award.
In 2002 was named by U.S. President George W. Bush as a Homeland Security Advisory Council member. In 2003 Bush named Taurel a member of the President's Export Council. In April 2007, he was appointed to the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations by President Bush. He is an officer of the French Legion of Honor.
Taurel is a past president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). He is a member of The Business Council, Business Roundtable, member of the boards of ITT Industries, IBM Corporation, McGraw-Hill Companies, and the RCA Tennis Championships. He is also a member of the board of overseers of Columbia Business School and a trustee at Indianapolis Museum of Art.
In October 2015 Taurel was appointed as Chairman of Pearson, the British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London.
External links[edit]

Frontline Interview with Sidney Taurel June 19, 2003
Sidney Taurel profile at NNDB





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sidney_Taurel&oldid=759477437"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleAmerican health care chief executivesAmerican people of Moroccan descentBusinesspeople in the pharmaceutical industryHEC Paris alumniColumbia Business School alumniPresidents of Eli Lilly and CompanyPeople from CasablancaBusinesspeople from IndianapolisAmerican chief operating officers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 January 2017, at 11:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Sidney Taurel - Wikipedia





















 






Sidney Taurel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Sidney Taurel (born February 9, 1949, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-born American businessman. He is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and Company. He became chief executive officer in July 1998 and chairman of the board of directors on January 1, 1999. He was succeeded as chief executive officer by John C. Lechleiter on April 1, 2008. He now serves as an advisor at Moelis & Company. He regularly advises Almirall S.A. on issues of corporate strategy.



Contents


1 Education
2 Eli Lilly and Company
3 Accolades
4 External links



Education[edit]
After graduating from EDHEC Business School, in France, in 1969, he received an MBA degree from Columbia Business School in 1971. He married Kathryn H. Fleischmann in 1977, with whom he has three children. Taurel became an American citizen in November 1995.
Eli Lilly and Company[edit]
Taurel joined the Lilly subsidiary Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1971 as a marketing associate. He became general manager of the company's affiliate in Brazil in 1981 and was appointed to the London-based position of vice president of Lilly European operations in 1983. He was named executive vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of its pharmaceutical division in 1993. Three years later, he was promoted to president by Randall L. Tobias and then to chief operating officer.
According to Forbes Magazine Taurel was paid $7.2 million in total compensation by Eli Lilly in 2005 and $12.95 million in 2006.
Accolades[edit]
A U.S. citizen since 1995, Sidney received the 2000 Ellis Island Medal of Honor from the National Ethnic Coalition of Organizations. Also in 2001, the Anti-Defamation League honored Taurel with its American Heritage Award.
In 2002 was named by U.S. President George W. Bush as a Homeland Security Advisory Council member. In 2003 Bush named Taurel a member of the President's Export Council. In April 2007, he was appointed to the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations by President Bush. He is an officer of the French Legion of Honor.
Taurel is a past president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). He is a member of The Business Council, Business Roundtable, member of the boards of ITT Industries, IBM Corporation, McGraw-Hill Companies, and the RCA Tennis Championships. He is also a member of the board of overseers of Columbia Business School and a trustee at Indianapolis Museum of Art.
In October 2015 Taurel was appointed as Chairman of Pearson, the British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London.
External links[edit]

Frontline Interview with Sidney Taurel June 19, 2003
Sidney Taurel profile at NNDB





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sidney_Taurel&oldid=759477437"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleAmerican health care chief executivesAmerican people of Moroccan descentBusinesspeople in the pharmaceutical industryHEC Paris alumniColumbia Business School alumniPresidents of Eli Lilly and CompanyPeople from CasablancaBusinesspeople from IndianapolisAmerican chief operating officers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 January 2017, at 11:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Sidney Taurel - Wikipedia





















 






Sidney Taurel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Sidney Taurel (born February 9, 1949, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-born American businessman. He is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and Company. He became chief executive officer in July 1998 and chairman of the board of directors on January 1, 1999. He was succeeded as chief executive officer by John C. Lechleiter on April 1, 2008. He now serves as an advisor at Moelis & Company. He regularly advises Almirall S.A. on issues of corporate strategy.



Contents


1 Education
2 Eli Lilly and Company
3 Accolades
4 External links



Education[edit]
After graduating from EDHEC Business School, in France, in 1969, he received an MBA degree from Columbia Business School in 1971. He married Kathryn H. Fleischmann in 1977, with whom he has three children. Taurel became an American citizen in November 1995.
Eli Lilly and Company[edit]
Taurel joined the Lilly subsidiary Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1971 as a marketing associate. He became general manager of the company's affiliate in Brazil in 1981 and was appointed to the London-based position of vice president of Lilly European operations in 1983. He was named executive vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of its pharmaceutical division in 1993. Three years later, he was promoted to president by Randall L. Tobias and then to chief operating officer.
According to Forbes Magazine Taurel was paid $7.2 million in total compensation by Eli Lilly in 2005 and $12.95 million in 2006.
Accolades[edit]
A U.S. citizen since 1995, Sidney received the 2000 Ellis Island Medal of Honor from the National Ethnic Coalition of Organizations. Also in 2001, the Anti-Defamation League honored Taurel with its American Heritage Award.
In 2002 was named by U.S. President George W. Bush as a Homeland Security Advisory Council member. In 2003 Bush named Taurel a member of the President's Export Council. In April 2007, he was appointed to the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations by President Bush. He is an officer of the French Legion of Honor.
Taurel is a past president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). He is a member of The Business Council, Business Roundtable, member of the boards of ITT Industries, IBM Corporation, McGraw-Hill Companies, and the RCA Tennis Championships. He is also a member of the board of overseers of Columbia Business School and a trustee at Indianapolis Museum of Art.
In October 2015 Taurel was appointed as Chairman of Pearson, the British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London.
External links[edit]

Frontline Interview with Sidney Taurel June 19, 2003
Sidney Taurel profile at NNDB





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sidney_Taurel&oldid=759477437"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleAmerican health care chief executivesAmerican people of Moroccan descentBusinesspeople in the pharmaceutical industryHEC Paris alumniColumbia Business School alumniPresidents of Eli Lilly and CompanyPeople from CasablancaBusinesspeople from IndianapolisAmerican chief operating officers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 January 2017, at 11:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Sidney Taurel - Wikipedia





















 






Sidney Taurel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Sidney Taurel (born February 9, 1949, in Casablanca) is a Moroccan-born American businessman. He is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eli Lilly and Company. He became chief executive officer in July 1998 and chairman of the board of directors on January 1, 1999. He was succeeded as chief executive officer by John C. Lechleiter on April 1, 2008. He now serves as an advisor at Moelis & Company. He regularly advises Almirall S.A. on issues of corporate strategy.



Contents


1 Education
2 Eli Lilly and Company
3 Accolades
4 External links



Education[edit]
After graduating from EDHEC Business School, in France, in 1969, he received an MBA degree from Columbia Business School in 1971. He married Kathryn H. Fleischmann in 1977, with whom he has three children. Taurel became an American citizen in November 1995.
Eli Lilly and Company[edit]
Taurel joined the Lilly subsidiary Eli Lilly International Corporation in 1971 as a marketing associate. He became general manager of the company's affiliate in Brazil in 1981 and was appointed to the London-based position of vice president of Lilly European operations in 1983. He was named executive vice president of Eli Lilly and Company and president of its pharmaceutical division in 1993. Three years later, he was promoted to president by Randall L. Tobias and then to chief operating officer.
According to Forbes Magazine Taurel was paid $7.2 million in total compensation by Eli Lilly in 2005 and $12.95 million in 2006.
Accolades[edit]
A U.S. citizen since 1995, Sidney received the 2000 Ellis Island Medal of Honor from the National Ethnic Coalition of Organizations. Also in 2001, the Anti-Defamation League honored Taurel with its American Heritage Award.
In 2002 was named by U.S. President George W. Bush as a Homeland Security Advisory Council member. In 2003 Bush named Taurel a member of the President's Export Council. In April 2007, he was appointed to the Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations by President Bush. He is an officer of the French Legion of Honor.
Taurel is a past president of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA). He is a member of The Business Council, Business Roundtable, member of the boards of ITT Industries, IBM Corporation, McGraw-Hill Companies, and the RCA Tennis Championships. He is also a member of the board of overseers of Columbia Business School and a trustee at Indianapolis Museum of Art.
In October 2015 Taurel was appointed as Chairman of Pearson, the British multinational publishing and education company headquartered in London.
External links[edit]

Frontline Interview with Sidney Taurel June 19, 2003
Sidney Taurel profile at NNDB





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sidney_Taurel&oldid=759477437"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleAmerican health care chief executivesAmerican people of Moroccan descentBusinesspeople in the pharmaceutical industryHEC Paris alumniColumbia Business School alumniPresidents of Eli Lilly and CompanyPeople from CasablancaBusinesspeople from IndianapolisAmerican chief operating officers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 11 January 2017, at 11:40.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
