


Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Money Fund (PCTXX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				California Tax-Free Money Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PCTXX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/28/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
							$1.0000
						  
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
							$0.0000
						  
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/27/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								0.13%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
							
								$1.0000
							
							-
							
								$1.0000
							
						  
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$46.77

					
					Million
				



Important money market information: Click here for NAV Type, Liquidity Fees & Redemption Gates, Daily & Weekly liquid asset levels, Holdings, Market-based NAV and Net Shareholder flows.




Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions


Average Annual Total Returns 1



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.14%
				
			

				
					0.14%
				
			


3 Years

				
					0.06%
				
			

				
					0.06%
				
			


5 Years

				
					0.04%
				
			

				
					0.04%
				
			


10 Years

				
					0.35%
				
			

				
					0.35%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.00%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.00%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 15, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.88%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.55%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							June 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, 
which cannot guarantee future results. Return and yield will vary.

 
    
    
You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to 
preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee 
it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the 
sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if 
the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions 
or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The 
Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, 
and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the 
Fund at any time.
    





^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

1Average annual total return figures include reinvested dividends and capital gain distributions.
		



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide preservation of capital, liquidity and, consistent with these objectives, the highest level of income exempt from federal and California state income taxes.
		
7-Day Annualized Yield2
 as of 
				
				    07/28/2017
				
			



Simple3

						 
							0.32%
						
					


Simple w/o Waiver

						 
							0.24%
						
					


Compound3

						 
							0.32%
						
					


Compound w/o Waiver

						 
							0.24%
						
					



2
								
				
				A method of calculating a money fund's yield by annualizing the 
fund's net investment income for the last seven days of each period 
divided by the fund's net asset value at the end of the period. 
				
3
									
					
					In an effort to maintain a zero or positive net yield for the fund, T. Rowe Price has voluntarily waived all or a portion of the management fee it is entitled to receive from the fund. A fee waiver has the effect of increasing the fund's net yield. The 7-day yield without waiver represents what the yield would have been if we were not waiving our management fee. This voluntary waiver is in addition to any contractual expense ratio limitation in effect for the fund and may be amended or terminated at any time without prior notice. Please see the prospectus for more details. 
					
				
				Year-to-date figures are not annualized and represent total return, 
which includes reinvested distributions (income and capital gains) 
and any change in share price for the given period. The yield quotation 
more closely reflects the current earnings of the money market fund than the total return quotation.
			


























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Fri Jul 28 19:03:34 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Mutual Funds | No-Load Mutual Funds  | T. Rowe Price























 

















LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS 
LOW-COST MUTUAL FUNDS1
We offer low-cost mutual funds seeking to deliver consistent returns to help you achieve your financial goals. Over 75% of our funds for individual investors have expense ratios below their peer category averages.1







Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus















Daily Prices





Historical Performance





Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds





Dividend Distributions












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds






I want to research





Stock Funds








Bond Funds








Target Date Funds*







Asset Allocation Funds







Money Market Funds^










Overview

Provides long-term growth potential 

Access to companies across the globe
A range of funds—including domestic, international, and sector specific






Investor Profile

Need the growth potential of stocks to achieve long-term goals
Can withstand price volatility






   

View Stock Funds


More on Stock Funds












Overview

Emphasizes regular income
Offers access to bonds issued in the United States and around the world
A broad range of funds investing in U.S. Treasury, high yield, municipal, and international bonds






Investor Profile

Want to generate income
Are in a higher tax bracket, seeking tax-free income
Want to reduce the volatility of a stock-heavy portfolio
Can tolerate price fluctuations






   

View Bond Funds


More on Bond Funds












Overview

A one-stop approach to retirement investing
A mix of stocks and bonds that adjusts to and through retirement
Seeks to thoughtfully balance retirement risks






Investor Profile

Plan to retire close to a certain year
Want a convenient fund-of-funds solution
Want an investment that becomes more conservative as retirement approaches






  


View Target Date Funds


More on Target Date Funds












Overview

One-stop approach to investing
Broadly diversified stock, bond, and balanced funds
Designed for a range of investor risk profiles






Investor Profile

Want to invest in a diversified portfolio in a single investment
Want access to a wide range of investments in one mutual fund






   

View Asset Allocation Funds


More on Asset Allocation Funds












Overview

Lowest-risk mutual fund investment
Strive for preservation of capital^
A range of taxable and tax-free funds






Investor Profile

Have short-term investment goals
Prefer price stability over return potential
Want quick access to savings







View Money Market Funds


More on Money Market Funds


Money Market Reform: What you need to know













Why invest with T. Rowe Price? 



​Research is the lifeblood of our investment organization. Our focus on in-depth research to find the right investment opportunities across the globe means we can deliver diverse solutions to help you achieve your financial goals.Investors have relied on our disciplined approach for more than 75 years. Consistency is a hallmark of our investment process. We assess the risk and potential rewards of our investments.


​A seasoned investment team means continuity for you.


Our team’s expertise and collective experience allow us to thoughtfully focus on our ultimate goal—consistent, competitive performance for you.









T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details. 
Past performance cannot guarantee future results. All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal. Diversification cannot assure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market.
Based on cumulative total return, 174 of 232 (75%), 142 of 160 (89%), 115 of 127 (91%), and 105 of 114 (92%) T. Rowe Price stock funds (including all share classes and excluding funds used in insurance products) outperformed their Lipper averages for the 1-, 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)

1Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
*The principal value of the Retirement Funds and Target Funds (collectively, the "target date funds") is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The target date funds' allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The Retirement Funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term retirement withdrawal horizon. The Target Funds emphasize asset accumulation prior to retirement, balance the need for reduced market risk and income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a moderate postretirement withdrawal horizon. The target date funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The key difference between the Retirement Funds and the Target Funds is the overall allocation to equity; although they each maintain significant allocations to equities both prior to and after the target date, the Retirement Funds maintain a higher equity allocation, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.

The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.

^Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.









































































Vanguard - Vanguard Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund



















Warning: Vanguard.com will not work properly with  JavaScript disabled!










    
  
   








Vanguard homeWarningThis page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




  Insert Ticker Here  
 






 
   
































    
 All-in-one funds
A diversified portfolio in a single fund 
   



    
 Vanguard Select Funds™
A short list of well-established funds 
   



    
 All our funds

›By fund name›By asset class 
   


Search our funds





There are errors on this page. Mouse over a highlighted field for more information.





  





  

    
 




Vanguard Municipal Money Market Fund (VMSXX)



  
  
  








 Overview
 Price & Performance
 Portfolio & Management
 Fees & Minimums
 Distributions
 News & Reviews











  
  
  



 
   










































































































Vanguard - Vanguard California Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund



















Warning: Vanguard.com will not work properly with  JavaScript disabled!










    
  
   








Vanguard homeWarningThis page won't work properly unless JavaScript is enabled.




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




    
  
   




  Insert Ticker Here  
 






 
   
































    
 All-in-one funds
A diversified portfolio in a single fund 
   



    
 Vanguard Select Funds™
A short list of well-established funds 
   



    
 All our funds

›By fund name›By asset class 
   


Search our funds





There are errors on this page. Mouse over a highlighted field for more information.





  





  

    
 




Vanguard California Municipal Money Market Fund (VCTXX)



  
  
  








 Overview
 Price & Performance
 Portfolio & Management
 Fees & Minimums
 Distributions
 News & Reviews











  
  
  



 
   





































































 Vanguard - Product overview - California Muni Money Mkt

















































































Your input was invalid

























Fact sheet (06/30/2017)A brief product description that includes information on performance, cost, industry weightings, top holdings, investment approach, and portfolio attributes. Updated quarterly.



  Download















Investment profile (06/30/2017)A detailed product overview including style view, returns, holdings, characteristics, quarterly commentary on investment performance, and detailed discussion on the management team and investment process. Updated quarterly.



  Download
  















Summary prospectusA simplified, standardized version of a statutory prospectus. Includes discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance intended to make it easier to compare all mutual funds regardless of provider. Updated annually.



  Download















Statutory prospectusIncludes detailed discussions of investment objectives and policies, risks, costs, and past performance. By law, a prospectus must be provided to a potential investor before he or she can invest. Updated annually.



  Download















Annual report (11/30/2016)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated annually.



  Download















Semiannual report (05/31/2017)A financial statement that lists assets (such as securities holdings), liabilities, and earnings, as well as certain historical information. Updated semiannually.



  Download















Statement of additional informationA document provided as a supplement to a mutual fund prospectus. It contains more detailed information about fund policies, operations, and risks. Updated annually.



  Download









Vanguard portfolio holdings disclaimerPortfolio holdings information:Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the percentage of the fund's total assets that each of these holdings represents as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 15 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month).Vanguard may also publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, the ten largest stock portfolio holdings of a Vanguard fund, and the aggregate percentage that these holdings represent of the fund's total net assets and equities, as of the most recent month-end, ten business days after the end of the month.Vanguard may publish on this Site, in the fund's holdings on the webpages, a detailed list of the securities (aggregated by issuer for money market funds) held in a Vanguard fund (portfolio holdings) as of the most recent calendar-quarter-end, 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter, except for Vanguard Market Neutral Fund (60 calendar days after the end of the calendar quarter), Vanguard index funds (15 calendar days after the end of the month), and Vanguard Money Market Funds (within five [5 business days after the last business day of the preceding month). Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, Vanguard may exclude any portion of these portfolio holdings from publication on this Site when deemed in the best interest of the fund.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on a delayed basis and will not necessarily represent all of the actual investments held by the relevant Vanguard fund.Portfolio holdings may exclude any temporary cash investments and equity index products.The following additional terms and conditions apply to the publication on this Site of any Vanguard fund's portfolio holdings as described above:By accessing the portfolio holdings, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, or disseminate the portfolio holdings, in whole or in part, in any form without prior written permission of Vanguard.Except with respect to Vanguard Money Market Funds, the portfolio holdings are provided on an "as is" basis, and Vanguard makes no express or implied warranties or representations with respect to the accuracy, completeness, reliability, or fitness of the portfolio holdings or any financial results you may achieve from their use.In no event shall Vanguard or its affiliates have any liability relating to the use of the portfolio holdings.






StyleboxThe stylebox gives information about a fund’s investment style in visual form.For equity funds, a stylebox’s rows and columns indicate market capitalization (small, mid, large) and investment style (value, blend, growth); for bond funds, its rows and columns indicate credit quality and/or duration (short, medium, long).Two important things about a fund are shown in its stylebox:Central tendency. The fund’s central tendency reflects the aggregate characteristics resulting from the fund’s approach to security selection. Because it is based on an analysis of the performance characteristics of the fund’s potential holdings over long periods, the central tendency is expected to be relatively stable. In the stylebox, it is shown as a dot within the shaded oval.Expected range. Within the fund’s universe of potential holdings, and depending on the fund’s investment approach, some categories of investments will be owned more frequently; together, they are known as the expected range. In the stylebox, the expected range of frequently owned categories is represented by a shaded oval.Note: Styleboxes for bond funds uses duration rather than average weighted maturity. Duration is a more accurate measure of interest rate sensitivity because it takes into consideration all mortgage prepayments, puts, and adjustable coupons.






About the optionsFund share classesA fund may offer multiple share classes. The objectives, strategies, and policies for all share classes of a fund are identical. However, expense ratios vary by share class, reflecting the differing costs of providing services to the holders of each share class.Here are some of the key distinctions:Investor SharesTraditional shares for individual investors that typically feature low minimum initial investments.Admiral™ SharesA lower-cost share class generally available without a minimum initial investment requirement to institutional investors and financial intermediary clients. Vanguard created Admiral Shares to recognize and encourage the cost savings stemming from large, long-standing investment accounts and to pass these savings on to the shareholders who generate them.Institutional SharesShares generally available to institutions or other investors with fund account balances of $5 million or more.Institutional Plus SharesShares generally available to institutions or other investors with fund account balances from $100 million to $200 million, depending on the fund.Institutional Select SharesShares generally available to large institutional investors. Fund account minimums range from $3 billion to $5 billion, depending on fund.ETF SharesExchange-traded shares of certain Vanguard index funds, ETF Shares combine the benefits of indexing, such as low costs and broad market diversification, with the trading and pricing flexibility of individual stocks.Vanguard ETF Shares are not redeemable with the issuing Fund other than in very large aggregations worth millions of dollars. Instead, investors must buy and sell Vanguard ETF Shares in the secondary market and hold those shares in a brokerage account. In doing so, the investor may incur brokerage commissions and may pay more than net asset value when buying and receive less than net asset value when selling.Notes:All investing is subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest.  









California Municipal Money Market Fund (VCTXX)


In accordance with the SEC's money market reform rules, institutional assets are no longer accepted into this fund. These assets include defined benefit, endowment and foundation, corporate, plan-sponsor directed defined contribution, and donor-advised fund assets. Instead, you may consider Vanguard Federal or Treasury money market funds, which are open to institutional assets.







Overview  

 Overview 
 Performance 
 Portfolio 
 Price & Distributions








OPTIONS

as of03/28/2017





Options

Expense ratio
					
Minimum

Investor
0.16%
N/A
About our options  







	 	 
	

Fees

•

Purchase fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor buys shares. This fee is not a sales charge or load because it is paid directly to the fund to offset the costs of trading certain securities. None

•

Redemption fee:
A fee charged by some mutual funds when an investor sells shares. A redemption fee differs from a back-end load because the money is paid back into the fund. Many funds charge redemption fees only when shares are bought and then sold within a specific period of time, generally in an effort to discourage market-timing and short-term trading. Some brokers also charge their clients redemption fees for the sale of securities. None




KEY FACTS


•
Product type: Muni Single State Money Market
				
•

Product type: Retail
	                
•

VCTXX inception on 06/01/1987
				



•
$3.8 billion net assets for
VCTXX as of 06/30/2017
				

•
275 holdings as of 06/30/2017
					

•
Benchmarked to the CA Tax-Exempt Money Mkt Funds Avg
					


•
Turnover rate (Fiscal year-end  11/30/2016) 0.00%
			
•


SEC yield**:
A non-money market fund's SEC yield is based on a formula mandated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that calculates a fund's hypothetical annualized income, as a percentage of its assets. A security's income, for the purposes of this calculation, is based on the current market yield to maturity (in the case of bonds) or projected dividend yield (for stocks) of the fund's holdings over a trailing 30-day period. This hypothetical income will differ (at times, significantly) from the fund's actual experience; as a result, income distributions from the fund may be higher or lower than implied by the SEC yield.The SEC yield for a money market fund is calculated by annualizing its daily income distributions for the previous seven days.
 0.67% 
C
AVERAGE ANNUALIZED INCOME DIVIDEND OVER THE PAST 7 DAYS



•
CUSIP: 922021209
					









Investment approach


Print PDF



High-quality, short-term California municipal securities.Seeks current income exempt from both federal and California state income taxes.Seeks to maintain a constant $1 net asset value (NAV).Maintains a dollar-weighted average maturity of 60 days or less.


Total returns
as of 06/30/2017






View as:








Quarter‑end

Month‑end






as of 06/30/2017













3%210%     



 
1 year
3 year
5 year
10 year

Since inception
06/01/1987





NAV 
	                        

0.53%
0.20%
0.13%
0.49%
2.30%






Benchmark
California Tax-Exempt Money Market Funds Average*
	                        

0.21%
0.08%
0.05%
0.35%
—

Note: Fee adjusted for mutual funds where applicable.
* Derived from data provided by Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company.
The performance data shown represent past performance, which is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value will fluctuate, so investors' shares, when sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data cited.

Quarterly commentary  



Total returns details  






People and process

Firms
Vanguard Fixed Income Group
Product management
Vanguard California Municipal Money Market Fund seeks current income that is exempt from federal and California state income taxes, while maintaining a stable $1 NAV and a very short average maturity. The fund invests in high-quality, short-term California municipal securities. The fund maintains a dollar-weighted average maturity of 60 days or less, and a dollar-weighted average life of 120 days or less.
Firm and manager details  





Fundamentals




Money market –
						as of 06/30/2017
						
VCTXX

Benchmark
California Tax-Exempt Money Market Funds Average


Number of holdings
275
N/A



Average maturity
Average effective maturity (taxable bond funds and balanced funds except Tax-Managed Balanced)Average Effective Maturity is defined as the average length of time until fixed income securities held by a fund reach maturity and are repaid, taking into consideration that an action such as a call or refunding may cause some bonds to be repaid before they mature.Average stated maturity (municipal bond funds and Tax-Managed Balanced)Average stated maturity represents the average of the stated maturity dates for all fixed income securities held by the fund.Average maturity (money market funds only)Average maturity represents the weighted average maturity of the fund's holdings using the date of the next interest rate adjustment for certain adjustable-rate securities held by the fund.
20.0 (days)
N/A


Weighted average life
24.0 (days)
N/A






Fundamentals details  





Risk and volatility






The fund is designed for investors with a low tolerance for risk; however, the fund’s performance could be hurt by:State-specific risk: The chance that developments in the state, such as tax, legislative, or political changes, will adversely affect the securities held by the fund. Because the fund invests primarily in securities issued by one state and its municipalities, it is more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in this state than are funds that invest in municipal securities of many states.Income risk: The chance that the fund’s income will decline because of falling interest rates. Because the fund’s income is based on short-term interest rates—which can fluctuate significantly over short periods—income risk is expected to be high.Credit risk: The chance that the issuer of a security will fail to pay interest or principal in a timely manner or that negative perceptions of the issuer’s ability to make such payments will cause the price of that security to decline. Credit risk should be very low for the fund because it invests primarily in securities that are considered to be of high quality.Manager risk: The chance that poor security selection will cause the fund to underperform relevant benchmarks or other funds with a similar investment objective.Nondiversification risk: The chance that the fund’s performance may be hurt disproportionately by the poor performance of relatively few securities. The fund is considered nondiversified, which means that it may invest a greater percentage of its assets in the securities of particular issuers as compared with other mutual funds.Tax risk: The chance that all or a portion of the tax-exempt income from municipal bonds held by the fund will be declared taxable, possibly with retroactive effect, because of unfavorable changes in tax laws, adverse interpretations by the Internal Revenue Service or state or local tax authorities, or noncompliant conduct of a bond issuer.








**The yield quotation more closely reflects the current earnings of the fund than the total return quotation.

The fund is only available to retail investors (natural persons). You could lose money by investing in the fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.










MORE ON INVESTMENTS











Money Market Reform


Cash/Short-duration










LITERATURE
Fact sheet (06/30/2017)

Investment profile (06/30/2017)  

Summary prospectus

Statutory prospectus


Annual report (11/30/2016)

Semiannual report (05/31/2017)

Statement of additional information
More





TOOLS
Custom investment reporting


My investment list  











Also of interest

05/26/2017 | Article2016–2017 expense ratio update cycle concludes


04/28/2017 | ArticleVanguard reports April 2017 expense ratio changes


03/28/2017 | ArticleVanguard reports March 2017 expense ratio changes






SUBSCRIBE TO INSIGHTS

  Research, commentary & news delivered directly to your inbox





























USAA - Investing - Fund Facts




































Skip to Content


 


    


 Products





 View All Products 

Insurance 
Auto Insurance 
Renters Insurance 
Homeowner Insurance 
Rental Property Insurance 
Valuable Personal Property Insurance 
Home & Property Insurance 
Flood Insurance 
Life Insurance 
Annuities 
Umbrella Insurance 
Motorcycle, RV & Boat Insurance 
Small Business Insurance 
Additional Insurance Solutions 






Banking 
Checking Accounts 
Savings Account 
Credit Cards 
Auto Loans 
Extended Vehicle Protection 
Certificates of Deposit 
Home Mortgages 
USAA Real Estate Rewards Network 
Personal Loans 
Motorcycle, RV & Boat Loans 
Credit Monitoring & ID Protection 
Youth Banking 
College Products 






Investing 
USAA Mutual Funds 
Digital Investment Adviser
Stocks & Options 
ETFs 
Fund Marketplace 
USAA Managed Money 
529 College Savings 
Fixed Income 
Annuities 




Real Estate 
Mortgage Rates 
First-Time Homebuyer 
Mortgages 
VA Loans 
Refinance 
Find a Real Estate Agent 
Find a Home 






Retirement and IRAs 
IRAs 
Rollovers & Transfers 
Target Retirement Funds 
USAA Wealth Management 
Trust Services 




Health Insurance 
Dental 
Vision 
Medicare 
Long-Term Care 




Shopping & Discounts 
Home Solutions 
Travel Deals 
Online Shopping 
Car Buying Service 











 Advice





View All Advice Center

Your Retirement
Start a Plan 





Financial Resources

Tax Center 
Market Insight 
Understanding Investments 
Saving & Budgeting 
Managing Debt & Credit 
Financial Setbacks 
Ask USAA a Financial Question 







Family Life

Getting Married 
Becoming a Parent 
Parenting 
Money for Teens 
Young Adults 
Getting Divorced 
Loss of a Loved One 
Life Insurance 
Health Insurance 




Disaster & Recovery 
Earthquakes 
Floods & Storms 
Hurricanes 
Tornadoes 
Wildfires 
Winter Storms 







Military Life

Joining the Military 
Deployment 
PCS 
Leaving the Military 
Blended Retirement System 





Your Car

Buying & Selling 
Maintaining & Protecting 





Your Home

Buying & Selling 
Renting 
Maintaining & Protecting 
Refinance 
Managing a Rental Property 







Work Life

Changing Jobs 
Education & Training 





Advice Libraries

Articles 
Infographics 




Planners & Calculators 
Auto 
Home 
Family Coverage 
Savings and Debts 
Investments 
Retirement 
Financial Quick Check 







 Join USAA 
 Help(Opens Popup Layer)







210-531-USAA(8722) Call 210-531-8722 or 800-531-8722 
                        800-531-USAA


#USAA (8722)


#8722 on AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and VerizonTo call by mobile phone, 
                        AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, and Verizon

Calling from International 

Contact & Support Center 
Security Center 
ATMs & Locations



 Call Toll Free  
 800-531-USAA  









 

Search



Search: What can we help you find today?

 Clear Search 





 Log On




Online ID

Password
















Log On


 Forgot your Online  ID?  or  Forgot your  Password?  |  Register   with USAA 
 Security Center 























null

 

	
    We've detected that your internet connection might be slow. To quickly access your account, pay bills, transfer funds and more, 
    we suggest using mobile.usaa.com










USAA MUTUAL FUNDS
Stocks, Bonds & ETFs
529 COLLEGE SAVINGS
USAA MANAGED MONEY
Retirement Accounts
Rollovers & Transfers
ANNUITIES
Certificates of Deposit (CDs)
MARKET NEWS & RESEARCH
Market Insight
Retirement Planning








										Investments / Mutual Funds
								








Reach a Representative options hidden, show options.






























			Print (Opens a New Window)






USAA Tax Exempt Money Market Fund (USEXX)

Income is exempt from federal income taxes.Little or no exposure to the alternative minimum tax.Low risk; money is accessible by check or online transfer.

 
USAA makes it simple


Invest Now









Summary


Performance


Ratings


Holdings


History


Management






$1.00  NAV ²   1 Day Change
        
       
          0.00|0.0% 
          
       
      
        As of 07/28/2017
       




Investor Risk Profile

The fund's investment objective is interest income that is exempt from federal income tax and a further objective of preserving capital and maintaining liquidity. The fund invests principally in high-quality, tax-exempt securities with maturities of 397 days or less.


Invest Now


Invest Now


Investment Minimums
 




				Initial Investment Minimum
				

$3000






					
							Automatic Investment
							
						 
					 Minimum
					


								
				 $50								
			










Quick Facts

Quick Facts




					NAV: (Opens a Pop-Up Layer)
²

					As of 07/28/2017
				


             $1.00
             
             

Expense Ratio: (Opens a Pop-Up Layer) &sup1

   0.56%



iMoneyNet Category:
Tax-Free National Retail MMFs
iMoneyNet Category Expense:
As of 06/30/2017
   0.63%


Newspaper Listing:

		    	
		    	
		    	
			    	USAA TxEx
			    
			
7-Day Yield:
As of 07/28/2017
   0.35%




7-Day Yield (without waivers):
As of 07/28/2017
   0.36%



Month-End (Opens a Pop-Up Layer) Average Annual Total Returns as of 
		
		
		
			06/30/2017
		
    

Month-End Average Annual Total Returns


 
Year To Date
1 year
5 Year
10 Year



Total Return

				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    	
					    	    
					    		
						    		0.14%		
						    	
						    					   
						    						
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				     
				

				    
				    				    				    		
					    	
					    	 
						    	
						    		0.32%		
						    	
						    							   
						    						
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				     
				

				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    	
					    	 
						    	
						    		0.08%		
						    	
						    							   
						    						
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				     
				

				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    	
					    	 
						    	
						    		0.51%		
						    	
						    						   
						    						
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    				    				    		
					    							
						
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				    
				    	
				     
				


 





Consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the USAA mutual funds carefully before investing. Download a prospectus containing this and other information about the funds from USAA Investment Management Company, Distributor. Read it carefully before investing.


























































The performance data quoted represents past performance and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted. For performance data current to the most recent quarter-end, click on the Performance tab above. The 7-day yield quotation more closely reflects the current earnings of the fund than the total return quotation.























¹
Represents the total annual operating expenses (which includes acquired fund fees and expenses (AFFE), if any), before reductions of any expenses paid indirectly, as reported in the fund's most current prospectus. It is calculated as a percentage of average net assets (ANA).



You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of certain market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not a deposit in USAA Federal Savings Bank, or any other bank, and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.








Some income may be subject to state or local taxes or the federal alternative minimum tax.













































































































						iMoneyNet, Inc. is an organization that tracks the performance of money market funds. Rankings for periods of at least a year are based on an annualized return calculation after expenses with dividend reinvestment. iMoneyNet data may not be updated at the same time as other data provided on this page.













































































































































































































			
				²
					NAV quote times are Eastern Time (ET) and are calculated at the end of the business day.













































































































































































































				
					The S&P 500® Index is a well-known stock market index that includes common stocks of 500 companies from several industrial sectors representing a significant portion of the market value of all stocks publicly traded in the United States.Most of these stocks are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.







































































































































































Invest Now







Need Financial Advice?Contact our Advisors at1-800-531-8722

Find a USAA FundAggressive Growth FundCalifornia Bond FundCalifornia Money Market FundCapital Growth FundCornerstone Aggressive FundCornerstone Conservative FundCornerstone Equity FundCornerstone Moderate FundCornerstone Moderately

Aggressive FundCornerstone Moderately

Conservative FundEmerging Markets FundExtended Market Index FundFirst Start Growth FundFlexible Income FundGlobal Equity Income FundGlobal Managed Volatility FundGovernment Securities FundGrowth & Income FundGrowth and Tax Strategy FundGrowth FundHigh Income FundIncome FundIncome Stock FundIntermediate-Term Bond FundInternational FundMoney Market FundNasdaq-100 Index FundNew York Bond FundNew York Money Market FundPrecious Metals and Minerals FundReal Return FundS&P 500 Index Fund Member SharesS&P 500 Index Fund Reward SharesScience & Technology FundShort-Term Bond FundSmall Cap Stock FundTarget Retirement 2020 FundTarget Retirement 2030 FundTarget Retirement 2040 FundTarget Retirement 2050 FundTarget Retirement 2060 FundTarget Retirement Income FundTax Exempt Intermediate-Term FundTax Exempt Long-Term FundTax Exempt Money Market FundTax Exempt Short-Term FundTotal Return Strategy FundTreasury Money Market FundUltra Short-Term FundValue FundVirginia Bond FundVirginia Money Market FundWorld Growth Fund

Learn More



Get Prospectus (PDF) (Opens a Pop-Up Layer)



Read Portfolio Manager Commentary (Opens a Pop-Up Layer)



Select Report






Get Annual Report (PDF)




Get Semiannual Report (PDF)




Get 1st Qtr Form N-Q (PDF)




Get 3rd Qtr Form N-Q (PDF)



Get Monthly Holdings Reports



Get Historical Information (PDF)






View your statements with Adobe's freeAcrobat PDF Reader (Opens a Pop-Up Layer)














Investing in securities products involves risk, including possible loss of principal.



The iMoneyNet Tax-Free National Retail Money Market Funds category includes all retail national tax-free and municipal money funds. Portfolio holdings of tax-free funds include rated and unrated demand notes, rated and unrated general market notes, commercial paper, put bonds — six months & less, put bonds — over six months, AMT paper, and other tax-free holdings.




Investments provided by USAA Investment Management Company and USAA Financial Advisors Inc., both registered broker dealers.


219123-0815
786140











					Share. Connect. Explore.
Visit the Member Community.




Financial Questions & Answers



GO MOBILEapps & more



















Corporate Info & Media
News Center
Privacy
Careers
Accessibility
Contact Us
Site Map
FAQs
Site Terms





Switch to mobile site





USAA.com is Norton Secured. 
	View Norton VeriSign Certificate 
	


Copyright © 2017 USAA. 
 
About Our Ads











 








FMOXX View All - Fidelity ®  Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund | Fidelity Investments

























Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund


Symbol: FMOXX



									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1















InformationEffective after the close of business on December 31, 2015, new positions in the fund are limited to accounts beneficially owned by natural persons, as determined by the fund.Effective after the close of business on December 31, 2015, new positions in the fund are limited to accounts beneficially owned by natural persons, as determined by the fund.
InformationLearn more about money market mutual fund regulatory developments .Learn more about money market mutual fund regulatory developments .





































Summary






Performance 2






	         
	         	 AS OF 6/30/2017
	         
        

















Average Annual Returns



YTD (Daily)*
						
													
				

										
										1 Yr
				

										
										3 Yrs
				

										
										5 Yrs
				

						
						10 Yrs
				    



YTD (Daily)*
				  		+0.22%
				  	

1 Yr
				  		+0.33%
				  	

3 Yrs
				  		+0.12%
				  	

5 Yrs
				  		+0.08%
				  	

10 Yrs
				  		+0.38%
				  	





  			*AS OF 7/27/2017; Value is cumulative
  		


The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.







Fund Manager(s)







Elizah B McLaughlin since 12/1/2011










 

Primary Manager: Elizah B McLaughlin

Manager Tenure: since 12/1/2011



Funds Currently Managed



Fidelity® Massachusetts Municipal Money Market Fund (since 7/1/2015)


Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Service Class (since 7/1/2015)


Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund - Institutional Class (since 3/1/2017)


Fidelity® California Municipal Money Market Fund (since 5/30/2015)


Fidelity® New Jersey Municipal Money Market Fund (since 12/1/2010)


Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund (since 12/1/2011)


Fidelity® New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (since 12/1/2010)


Fidelity California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Service Class (since 5/30/2015)


Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Premium Class (since 12/1/2011)


Fidelity® California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (since 5/30/2015)


Fidelity New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (since 12/1/2010)


Fidelity New Jersey AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Service Class (since 12/1/2010)


Fidelity Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Capital Reserves Class (since 12/1/2011)


Fidelity® Conservative Income Municipal Bond Fund (since 3/1/2017)


Fidelity® Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund (since 7/1/2015)


Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund - Daily Money Class (since 12/1/2011)


Fidelity California AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (since 5/30/2015)


Fidelity Massachusetts AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class (since 7/1/2015)



Funds Previously Managed



Fidelity® Michigan Municipal Money Market Fund


Fidelity® Connecticut Municipal Money Market Fund


Fidelity New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Service Class


Fidelity® New York Municipal Money Market Fund


Fidelity® Pennsylvania Municipal Money Market Fund


Fidelity New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund - Institutional Class


Fidelity® Ohio Municipal Money Market Fund


Fidelity® New York AMT Tax-Free Money Market Fund



Education



MBA, Cornell University - Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management, 2004


BA, Wellesley College, 1997





















Fund Overview




Objective



Seeks to provide as high a level of current income, exempt from federal income taxes, as is consistent with liquidity and stability of principal.




Strategy



Normally investing in municipal money market securities. Normally investing at least 80% of assets in municipal securities whose interest is exempt from federal income tax. Normally not investing in municipal securities whose interest is subject to the  federal alternative minimum tax.


Risk



You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors.  An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. The municipal money market can be significantly affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Entities located in foreign countries can be affected by adverse political, regulatory, market, or economic developments in those countries. A decline in the credit quality of an issuer or a provider of credit support or a maturity-shortening structure for a security can cause the price of a money market security to decrease.




Additional Disclosures

This description is only intended to provide a brief overview of the mutual fund. Read the fund's prospectus for more detailed information about the fund.
Fidelity is voluntarily reimbursing a portion of the fund's expenses. If Fidelity had not, the returns would have been lower.













 


Risk of this Type of Fund


LOWER
HIGHER





Morningstar assigns a risk level to each of its mutual fund categories. These risk levels range from 1 for those funds with least amount of risk to 10 for those with the greatest amount of risk.






How is it calculated?



Morningstar calculates these risk levels by looking at the Morningstar Risk of the funds in the Category over the previous 5-year period. Morningstar Risk is the difference between the Morningstar Return, based on fund total returns, and the Morningstar Risk Adjusted Return, based on fund total returns adjusted for performance volatility. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average Morningstar Risk of the funds in the category.  Morningstar's Research Committee evaluates the Category Morningstar Risk and assigns the Category Risk Level after further qualitative judgment.




What does it mean?



This score can help you understand the risk involved with a particular Morningstar category of funds, which may be helpful in evaluating the risk associated with a specific investment. The Category Risk Level is based on the equal weighted average performance of the funds in the category. It does not reflect the risk associated with any individual fund or the relative risk of a fund within a particular Morningstar category.  Because the score is based on past performance, it may not reflect the future risk of the category. In addition to risk, you should evaluate a fund's investment objective, strategy, fees and other characteristics before making your investment decision.Learn more








  
           
           		
           		
           		
           		Morningstar® Snapshot*
           		
           	
           	

		          
		          	
		          	
		          	
		          	
		          		AS OF 6/30/2017; Morningstar Category: Money Market-Tax-Free




Risk of this Category


LOWERHIGHER







*Data provided by Morningstar





Details


















		
				
				Morningstar Category
		
		
		











	
	
		Money Market-Tax-Free
	



		
		



		
				
				Product Type
		
		
		











	
	
		Retail
	



		
		



		
				
				Fund Inception
		
		
		











	
	
		11/22/1983
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Inception














	
	
		6/19/2001
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV
7/27/2017













	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)
12/30/2016













	
	
		0.47%
	



		
			($4.70 per $1000)




Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio - Annual or Semi-Annual Report (Net) 3

4/30/2017













	
	
		0.45%
	



		
			($4.50 per $1000)




		
				
					Minimum to Invest 4














	
		
			
			
				$5,000.00
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$4,510.14
			
						
	
	



		
		



Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)
6/30/2017













	
		
			
			
				$3,441.15
			
						
	
	



		
		



			
							
							12 Month Low-High
						
						6/30/2017











	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	


 - 







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	






Glossary definition opens in new window.Daily Market Value
7/27/2017













	
		
			
				$1.0013			
			
			
						
	
	



		
		












Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield 5



		0.49%
		
		

6/30/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield Without Reductions 6



		0.47%
		
		

6/30/2017










			
				
				Tax Equivalent Yield
			
		

		0.78%
		
		

7/27/2017








Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Maturity


		21.00  Days
		
		

7/26/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Life


		24  Days
		
		

7/26/2017






















Composition byInstrument 7





AS OF
		6/30/2017
		













Municipal Notes

								
									1.26%
									
													
							


Municipal Bonds

								
									1.35%
									
													
							


Tender Bonds

								
									12.40%
									
													
							


Commercial Paper

								
									16.79%
									
													
							


Variable-Rate Demand Notes

								
									65.45%
									
													
							


Other Money Market Investments

								
									0.34%
									
													
							


Net Other Assets

								
									2.41%
									
													
							






Net Other Assets may include cash and receivables and payables related to open security or capital stock trades.








Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 8, 2





             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 11/22/1983
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             0.47% AS OF 12/30/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

						
							0.33%
							
						
					

						
							0.12%
							
						
					

						
							0.08%
							
						
					

						
							0.38%
							
						
					

						
							2.39%
							
						
					





CG 3-Month Treasury Bill



						
							
							0.46%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.20%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.15%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.51%
							
						
					

						
							
							3.72%
							
						
					




Money Market-Tax-Free

						
							0.28%
							
						
					

						
							0.12%
							
						
					

						
							0.08%
							
						
					

						
							0.41%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

						
							0.31%
							
						
					

						
							0.11%
							
						
					

						
							0.07%
							
						
					

						
							0.38%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

						
							0.31%
							
						
					

						
							0.11%
							
						
					

						
							0.07%
							
						
					

						
							0.38%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					












Performance & Risk










Average Annual Total Returns 9, 8, 2





			AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 11/22/1983
		


























						
							
							1 Yr
						
					

						
							
							3 Yrs
						 
					

						
							
							5 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							10 Yrs
						
					

						
							
							Life
						
					



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

								
									0.33%
									
								
							

								
									0.12%
									
								
							

								
									0.08%
									
								
							

								
									0.38%
									
								
							

								
									2.39%
									
								
							




 



CG 3-Month Treasury Bill



								
									0.46%
									
								
							

								
									0.20%
									
								
							

								
									0.15%
									
								
							

								
									0.51%
									
								
							

								
									3.72%
									
								
							



Money Market-Tax-Free

								
									0.28%
									
								
							

								
									0.12%
									
								
							

								
									0.08%
									
								
							

								
									0.41%
									
								
							

								
									
									--
								
							
















Yield

















7/27/2017
6/30/2017


						
							
								
									
										
										Compound Effective
									
								
								
							
							


0.44%
0.49%



Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield 5






0.44%
0.49%



Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield Without Reductions 6






--
0.47%












Tax Equivalent Yields 10





AS OF 7/27/2017


















	                        		
										
										Tax Rate
									
									



			                    	
										28%
								  		
								  	
								

	                            	
										33%
										
									
	                            

	                            	
										38.8%
									  	
									
	                            

	                            	
										43.4%
										
									
	                            



Glossary definition opens in new window.Yield




	                            	
										0.61%
										
									
	                            

	                            	
										0.66%
										
									
	                            

	                            	
										0.72%
										
									
	                            

	                            	
										0.78%
										
									
	                             














Quarter-End Average Annual Total Returns 8, 2





             AS OF 6/30/2017; Fund Inception 11/22/1983
             
            
				
					Glossary definition opens in new window.Expense Ratio (Gross):
	
				
				
			             
             0.47% AS OF 12/30/2016
      
      



















	            	
						
						1 Yr
					 
				
 
					
						
						3 Yrs
					  
				
 
					
						
						5 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						10 Yrs
					
				

					
						
						Life
					
				



Glossary definition opens in new window.Before Taxes



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

						
							0.33%
							
						
					

						
							0.12%
							
						
					

						
							0.08%
							
						
					

						
							0.38%
							
						
					

						
							2.39%
							
						
					





CG 3-Month Treasury Bill



						
							
							0.46%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.20%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.15%
							
						
					

						
							
							0.51%
							
						
					

						
							
							3.72%
							
						
					




Money Market-Tax-Free

						
							0.28%
							
						
					

						
							0.12%
							
						
					

						
							0.08%
							
						
					

						
							0.41%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					




Glossary definition opens in new window.After Taxes on Distributions



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

						
							0.31%
							
						
					

						
							0.11%
							
						
					

						
							0.07%
							
						
					

						
							0.38%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					





Glossary definition opens in new window.After taxes on distributions and sale of fund shares



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

						
							0.31%
							
						
					

						
							0.11%
							
						
					

						
							0.07%
							
						
					

						
							0.38%
							
						
					

						
							
							--
						
					











Cumulative Total Returns 2





					AS OF 6/30/2017					
				


















YTD (Daily)*
												
																						
										
										

YTD (Monthly)
												
											
										
										

1 Month


3 Months


6 Months



Fidelity® Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund

											
												0.22%
											
											
										

											
												0.18%
											
											
										

											
												0.03%
											
											
										

											
												0.11%
											
											
										

											
												0.18%
											
											
										





CG 3-Month Treasury Bill



											
											
													--
												
										

											
												0.30%
											
											
										

											
												0.07%
											
											
										

											
												0.18%
											
											
										

											
												0.30%
											
											
										


Money Market-Tax-Free

											
											
													--
												
										

											
												0.15%
											
											
										

											
												0.03%
											
											
										

											
												0.09%
											
											
										

											
												0.15%
											
											
										




	  					*AS OF 7/27/2017
	  				






Risk



You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors.  An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund's sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time. The municipal money market can be significantly affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Entities located in foreign countries can be affected by adverse political, regulatory, market, or economic developments in those countries. A decline in the credit quality of an issuer or a provider of credit support or a maturity-shortening structure for a security can cause the price of a money market security to decrease.




Historical Fund Performance 2





			Most recent year's data as of: 6/30/2017
		

















									
										
										Year
									
								

									
										
										Total Returns
									
								

									
										
										Capital Gains
									
								

Glossary definition opens in new window.Dividends


Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)



2017

									
										
											0.18%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.001843905																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$3,441.15
										
										
																		
								




2016

									
										
											0.15%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00046		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00104301																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$4,208.37
										
										
																		
								




2015

									
										
											0.01%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00003		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00010001																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$9,184.81
										
										
																		
								




2014

									
										
											0.02%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00006		
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00010001																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$9,888.33
										
										
																		
								




2013

									
										
											0.01%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00010001																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$9,472.01
										
										
																		
								




2012

									
										
											0.01%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.000100284																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$8,672.51
										
										
																		
								




2011

									
										
											0.01%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00010001																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$7,316.99
										
										
																		
								




2010

									
										
											0.01%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00010001																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$6,518.35
										
										
																		
								




2009

									
										
											0.09%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.00089953																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$6,260.76
										
										
																		
								




2008

									
										
											1.70%
										
										
																		
								

									
										
										--
																		
								

									
										
											$0.016869722																				
										
										
																		
								

									
										
											$6,735.49
										
										
																		
								











Ratings



Lipper Ranking





		    	AS OF 6/30/2017; 
		    	
		    	LIPPER PEER GROUP: Tax-Ex Money Mkt











1 Yr



#49
out of
110
funds
               
            







5 Yrs



#58
out of
100
funds
                
            







10 Yrs



#60
out of
89
funds
              
            








The fund is ranked based on total return. Each fund is ranked within a universe of funds with similar investment objectives. Rankings include the reinvestment of dividends and capital gains but exclude the effect of a fund's sales load, if applicable. Lipper Inc. is a nationally recognized organization that ranks the performance of mutual funds.Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










Composition




Composition by Instrument 7





AS OF
		6/30/2017













 
Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight




Municipal Notes

									1.26%
									
								




Municipal Bonds

									1.35%
									
								




Tender Bonds

									12.40%
									
								




Commercial Paper

									16.79%
									
								




Variable-Rate Demand Notes

									65.45%
									
								




Other Money Market Investments

									0.34%
									
								




Net Other Assets

									2.41%
									
								








Net Other Assets may include cash and receivables and payables related to open security or capital stock trades.










Historical Fund Information
















Name Change: formerly Fidelity Tax-Free Money Market Fund
12/30/2015












Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield 5



		0.49%
		
		

6/30/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.7-Day Yield Without Reductions 6



		0.47%
		
		

6/30/2017










			
				
				Tax Equivalent Yield
			
		

		0.78%
		
		

7/27/2017








Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Maturity


		21.00  Days
		
		

7/26/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Life


		24  Days
		
		

7/26/2017















Maturity Distribution 7





                      
			                       AS OF 6/30/2017
			                      







1-7 days


77.72%





8-30 days


5.83%





31-60 days


6.20%





61-90 days


4.60%





91-180 days


2.31%





> 180 days


3.35%









Liquid Assets (Weekly)

				AS OF 7/27/2017
			



Regulations require that a money market mutual fund hold at least 30% of its total assets in weekly liquid assets that can be readily converted to cash in five business days. The graph below shows the percentage of weekly liquid assets over the last seven months for the fund.















Subject to Alternative Min Tax











		     
				
				
					AS OF
				
			
	    	 6/30/2017
	    
0%










Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

October








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
11/22/1983








Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Inception

6/19/2001








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$4,510.14
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$3,441.15
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Number
						
					
				
275








					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
FMOXX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST








				
						
						Liquid Assets (Weekly)
				
			

			  







	
	
		73%
	



			

7/27/2017







Prospectus & Reports





Net Shareholder Flows (Daily)

						AS OF 7/27/2017
					



The graph below shows daily net shareholder flows (inflows minus outflows) over the last seven months for the fund.

















	
		
			Fees and Distributions
		
		
	
	









Expenses & Fees













Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio (Gross)

0.47%
			
($4.70 per $1000)


			12/30/2016
			









Glossary definition opens in new window.Exp Ratio - Annual or Semi-Annual Report (Net)


		0.45%
		
			($4.50 per $1000)


4/30/2017











		
					
						Exp Cap (Dated) 11

0.45%
			
($4.50 per $1000)



			5/1/2015	
			


















































Prospectus Net Expense Ratio is 0.45% as of 12/30/2016 and may not include certain voluntary reimbursements and waivers that reduce the actual expenses of the fund. The voluntary reimbursements and waivers can be discontinued at any time.

See prospectus for more information on Fees, Expenses & Loads.





Daily Market Value

				AS OF 7/27/2017
			



Daily market value is the market value of the fund's assets after liabilities are subtracted, expressed on a per-share basis to 1/100 of a penny. The graph below shows the daily market value of one share over the last seven months for the fund.















Minimums











				
					
					
						Initial Investment
					
				
				



					$5,000.00
				








				
					
					
						Additional Investment
					
									
			

				$0.00
				






			
				
					Initial Group Retirement Investment 4

		
			$5,000.00
			
				






			
				
				Additional Group Retirement Investment
			
		
		
			$0.00
			
		









Features










Glossary definition opens in new window.Simple IRA















Distribution









Dividend History









Date
										
									
								
								



Per Share Amount

											
										
									
									




									
										
										
											Reinvestment Price										
										
									
									




6/30/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.000346267
									
									
								
								

									
										$1.00
									
									
								


5/31/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.000356794
									
									
								
								

									
										$1.00
									
									
								


4/30/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.000406456
									
									
								
								

									
										$1.00
									
									
								


3/31/17

									
									
								
								
									
										$0.000275184
									
									
								
								

									
										$1.00
									
									
								



 
			
				
				
							Distribution Schedule:
						
			 Monthly 









 Capital Gains History 









Date
								
							
							


Per Share Amount
										
									
								
								


Reinvestment Price
										
									
								
								




8/05/16

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.00046
								
								
							
							

								
									$1.00
								
								
							


11/27/15

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.00003
								
								
							
							

								
									$1.00
								
								
							


11/26/14

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.00006
								
								
							
							

								
									$1.00
								
								
							


11/30/07

								
								
							

							
								
									$0.00001
								
								
							
							

								
									$1.00
								
								
							










Pricing



AS OF 6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.NAV










	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	







					 7/27/2017












						
							
							
								12 Month Low-High
							
						
					
				

								







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



								-
								







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



							







						
							
							
								On
							
						
				 6/30/2017
				
				 

					







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



				







Glossary definition opens in new window.Daily Market Value


			  







	
		
			
				$1.0013			
			
			
						
	
	



			

7/27/2017














Price History By Month











						
							
							
								Actual Values:
							
						              	
              	 Jun. 2017
              	 
						
							
							
								to
							
						  
              	   Jun. 2016
              	   














						
							
							
								Close
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								Low
							
						 
                 




						
							
							
								High
							
						 
                 




Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


May

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Apr

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Mar

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Feb

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jan

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Dec

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Nov

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Oct

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Sep

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Aug

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jul

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	


Jun

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	

                	  
						
							







	
		
			
				$1.00			
			
			
						
	
	



						
						
					  
                	












Commentary







Chairman's Message












Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

© 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.

The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

The performance data featured represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results.  Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate; therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.  Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.











1. No Transaction Fee Fidelity funds are available without paying a trading fee to Fidelity or a sales load to the fund. However, the fund may charge a short-term trading or redemption fee to protect the interests of long-term shareholders of the fund. Shares are subject to the fund's management and operating expenses. See Expenses & Fees for more information.
2. Total returns are historical and include change in share value and reinvestment of dividends and capital gains, if any. Cumulative total returns are reported as of the period indicated.  Life of fund figures are reported as of the commencement date to the period indicated and are cumulative if the fund is less than one year old. Total returns do not reflect the fund's [%] sales charge. If sales charges were included, total returns would have been lower.
3. Prospectus Net Expense Ratio is 0.45% as of 12/30/2016 and may not include certain voluntary reimbursements and waivers that reduce the actual expenses of the fund. The voluntary reimbursements and waivers can be discontinued at any time.
4. Initial minimum investments into group retirement accounts such as Fidelity Simplified Employee Pension-IRA, Keogh, Self-Employed 401(k), and Non-Fidelity Prototype Retirement accounts are $500 or higher. There is no minimum for additional investments in any type of Fidelity fund you already own.
5. The current yield reflects the current earnings of the fund, while the total return refers to a specific past holding period. The 7-Day Yield is the average income return over the previous seven days, assuming the rate stays the same for one year and that dividends are reinvested. It is the Fund's total income net of expenses, divided by the total number of outstanding shares and includes any applicable waiver or reimbursement.
6. The 7-Day Yield Without Reductions is the yield without applicable waivers or reimbursements. Absent such waivers or reimbursements, the returns would have been lower. Voluntary waivers and/or reimbursements may be discontinued any time.
7. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time.  They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments.  The Top Ten Holdings and Top 5 Issuers do not include money market instruments or futures contracts, if any.  Depository receipts are normally combined with the underlying security.  Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different.Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment option reports its holdings. Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section. Some report them in this section in addition to the equity, bond and other allocation shown. Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown. If the allocation without the foreign component equals (or rounds to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
8. The Morningstar Category Average is the average return for the peer group based on the returns of each individual fund within the group, for the period shown. This average assumes reinvestment of dividends.
9. Percent Rank in Category is the fund's total-return percentile rank relative to all funds that have the same Morningstar Category.  The highest (or most favorable) percentile rank is 1 and the lowest (or least favorable) percentile rank is 100. The top-performing fund in a category will always receive a rank of 1. % Rank in Category is based on total returns which include reinvested dividends and capital gains, if any, and exclude sales charges.
10. The tax-equivalent yields (TEYs) estimate what you would have to earn on a taxable investment to equal the fund's tax-exempt yield for a given tax rate. TEYs are calculated by first dividing that portion of a fund's yield that is tax-exempt by one minus the specified federal tax rate, or if it is a state specific fund, by one minus the combined federal tax rate indicated and the state tax rate associated with the upper income limit of that federal tax bracket. Then, that amount is added to the portion, if any, of the fund's yield that is not tax-exempt.  TEYs do not reflect tax credits, exemptions, limits on itemized deductions, or federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes.  For state specific funds, TEYs also assume investors are state residents and take an itemized deduction for state income taxes on their federal tax returns.  For NY funds, TEYs also reflect NYC income taxes and treat them the same as state taxes.The two highest federal tax brackets include a Medicare surtax of 3.8% imposed by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. Many, but not all taxpayers in the 33% bracket will also be affected. Consult a tax professional for further detail.AMT Holdings reflects the percentage of the fund's holdings subject to the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT) as of the date indicated.  It does not correspond precisely with the fund's income subject to the AMT because bonds whose income is subject to the AMT usually pay higher dividend income to compensate for the additional tax.  As a result, the percentage of income subject to the AMT is usually higher than the AMT holdings shown.  AMT holdings can vary significantly throughout the year and may not be representative of the average AMT holdings for the entire year.
11. Expense Cap is a limit that the fund company has placed on the level of the expenses borne by the fund until 12/31/2018 and indicates the maximum level of expenses (with certain exceptions) that the fund would be paying until that time.  After the expiration date, the expense cap may be terminated or revised, which may lower the fund's yield and return.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.





© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































