












Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Investment Management Firm Taylor Asset Management

















Follow us on Twitter @DavTayAssetMgmt for great articles, Fund comments, views on the markets, and opportunities I’m seeing in equities. 
/ David Taylor 



















Taylor Asset Management :: Investment Press Releases




















Press releases



Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund announces special distribution and treasury offering
A preliminary short form prospectus dated October 22, 2013 has been filed with respect to a treasury offering of units of the Fund...
From October 22, 2013 By Brompton Group





Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund initiates dividend
Effective immediately, the Fund intends to make monthly distributions to unitholders...
From August 13, 2013 By Brompton Group





Taylor Asset Management launches Taylor Partners Fund
The Fund will invest in quality North American businesses to capitalize on Mr. Taylor’s outstanding track record of investing in US and Canadian equities...
From June 13, 2013 By Taylor Asset Management





David Taylor receives Brendan Wood TopGun Investment Mind nomination
Brendan Wood International today announced the results of its annual search for the TopGun Investment Minds based in Canada...
From August 13, 2012 By Brendan Wood International





IA Clarington launches three new mutual funds with Taylor Asset Management
IA Clarington Investments Inc. today announced the launch of three new investment solutions to be managed by award-winning portfolio
manager David Taylor of Taylor Asset Management Inc...
From June 08, 2012 By IA Clarington Investments





Award-winning analyst Michael Willemse joins Taylor Asset Management
Award-winning analyst Michael Willemse joins Taylor Asset Management investment team
...
From May 03, 2012 By Taylor Asset Management





Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund IPO
Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund has filed a preliminary prospectus relating to a public offering of units...
From April 30, 2012 By Brompton Group





IA Clarington partners with David Taylor
IA Clarington Investments Inc. today announced its intention to strengthen its product line-up by entering into an exclusive agreement with Taylor Asset Management Inc....
From March 07, 2012 By IA Clarington Investments




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Taylor Asset Management :: Team of Professionals




















People
Skills and experience are table stakes for any successful team. We have a team of professionals at Taylor Asset Management that is defined by passion, drive and integrity.



David Taylor MBA, CFA
    President, Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager

One month into my ﬁrst semester at business school many (many) years ago, I knew I wanted to manage money. I cut my teeth at Confederation Life Insurance Company – Canada’s premier value shop at that time. As an equity analyst at “Confed”, I learned the core principles that formed the foundation of the investment approach that I still use today. Most importantly, I learned to focus my attention on fundamentals – the facts – ignore the noise and leave emotions out of it.
After Confederation Life, I moved on to manage equities at Ontario Teachers’ Pension Board and then Altamira Investment Services. Prior to founding Taylor Asset Management, I spent the better part of a decade as head of the Value team and as lead manager of the Dynamic Canadian Value line-up at Goodman & Company, Investment Counsel. I’ve learned some important lessons during my 28 years in the industry such as sticking to what you know and never deviating from strategy – clients need to know what to expect from you. And, when you make a mistake, don’t let your ego get in the way – ﬁx it! This can be a humbling business. The markets are bigger than all of us but if you’re patient and stick to your discipline, your clients will be rewarded in the long run.
I’ve had a number of personal achievements during my 28 years in the investment industry and my efforts have been recognized with top honours for various industry awards including the Canadian Investment Award for Canadian Equity Fund of the Year in 2006, 2009 and 2010. But I’m most proud of the recognition I’ve received for long term performance. I’ve received 15 Lipper Awards for top returns over three, ﬁve and most importantly ten years in the Canadian equity and balanced fund categories.
What I most love about my career is the opportunity to work so closely with clients and the relationships I’ve built over the years. I’ve always considered clients to be my partners and I’m very excited to have the opportunity to work directly with them again through Taylor Asset Management. I’ve brought together a team of skilled, honest and hardworking professionals to help me build Taylor Asset Management into a ﬁrm that our partners want to do business with and investors want to entrust their money with. I’m excited to come to work every day. I’ve spent my entire career doing research – analyzing companies and the markets, trying to ﬁnd the best investment opportunities for my clients. I love what I do and I wouldn’t change a thing.




Caroline Levitt CPA, CA
    Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer

As CFO and COO, not only do I bring a strong grasp of the core fundamentals which are vital to the role, I also bring a clear understanding of the business as a whole. Early in my career as a Chartered Accountant, I provided audit and consulting services in the ﬁnancial services group at Ernst & Young and then led the ﬁnancial reporting team at Systemhouse Group of Companies. 
Prior to joining Taylor Asset Management, I earned my stripes at two of Bay Street’s most innovative and successful asset management ﬁrms. Working with clients in the ﬁnancial services group at E&Y, piqued my interest in the sector so I made the move to ﬁnancial services and joined Synergy Asset Management in 2000. As Director, Finance at Synergy and then Chief Compliance Ofﬁcer at Acuity Investment Management, I gained a unique perspective of investment operations from two different vantage points. I was also exposed to two quite diverse, and yet strong, management styles. I’m excited to bring this experience to Taylor Asset Management. 
There’s more to being a CFO than simply getting the numbers right, although that certainly helps. A good CFO is a strong strategist and an effective communicator. I’m fortunate to have worked with some very strong leaders and to have had the opportunity to take my career into many different corners of the investment business. The dual role of CFO/COO is exciting and challenging – I juggle the concerns of all corporate constituents and their respective needs for the business without bias.
We have a tight-knit team at Taylor Asset Management – a team built on mutual respect, trust, and chemistry, and rich with experience. I love my position as CFO/COO. I’m not just the ﬁrm’s “bean counter” – my ofﬁce is “the doorway through which all information passes.” It’s my responsibility to interpret and share information with the management team, and to draw on its collective expertise to make our business stronger.




Lisa McCorquodale MBA
    Vice President Sales and Marketing

After leaving graduate school, I started my career as a financial analyst with Bank of Montreal’s Asset Management Services group, supporting the Bank’s four wealth management subsidiaries. Preparing forecasts certainly wasn’t the most exciting role but it was a great introduction to the industry, and working alongside management provided a lot of insight into the different wealth management-based businesses. The Bank’s mutual fund business was very small but starting to gather steam so I made the move and joined the team as Product Manager, responsible for marketing and positioning investment products and services. As a small team we were nimble, and without layers of bureaucracy, we were highly responsive to clients’ needs.  It was in those early days of my career that I learned the importance of communication. When it comes to their money, clients need to be informed.
After nine years with the Bank, I spread my wings and moved on to Fidelity Investments Canada as Senior Manager, Marketing and then joined the product management team at DundeeWealth’s Dynamic Funds. During my seven years at Dynamic, I held progressively senior roles starting as Senior Product Manager responsible for the firm’s value fund line-up, and later leading the team as Vice President, Product Management. As a liaison with portfolio management, I worked closely with the sales team and institutional representatives to position investments. 
I’ve spent all of my career in the investment industry. After two decades, I’ve had exposure to every facet of the business. What I’ve most enjoyed is working directly with clients - investors and the investment professionals that assist them. My role at Taylor Asset Management is communication. It’s my job to arm individuals with the information they require to make informed decisions about our products. I’m fortunate to work at a firm that isn’t hindered by bureaucracy with a team that puts clients first and believes in open and honest communication.  It makes my job easy.




Michael Willemse BA, CFA
    Senior Research Analyst

Growing up on a farm in rural Ontario, I didn’t have much exposure to the investment industry – there weren’t a lot of investment shops in Parkhill. However, commodity prices and industry trends were popular topics on the farm, and when my cousin recommended reading “The Wealthy Barber”, I was intrigued. As an economics student at the University of Western Ontario, my interest grew. A fellow student urged me to join the school’s Investment Club. An investment club didn’t sound like the typical “good times” club that Western was known for, but he assured me otherwise, “it’s a good group of guys who meet for beers once a week and talk about stocks and stuff.”  I gave it a try, and before long, I convinced the group to let me try my hand as the Club’s fund manager. I was hooked.

What most interested me about investing, was digging deep to really understand a company and its industry. I graduated with a plan: move to the big city; get my CFA charter; and seek out opportunities to develop my analytic abilities. My long-term goal was to get exposure to all parts of the industry, and I knew strong research skills were essential to success. I was fortunate to land a role as an analyst at Stone Asset Management straight out of school. From Stone, I joined CIBC World Markets as an analyst in the corporate finance group. After two years I made the move to CIBC’s sell side research team – a leading research shop – and had the privilege of working as an associate with a top-ranked equity analyst. After a few years as an associate, I was promoted to lead industrials analyst in 2006. The industrials space is extremely broad, highly technical and economically sensitive. My experience covering industrial products at CIBC was invaluable. I worked hard and learned a ton. I received Starmine Awards for top stock picking in 2008 and 2009 – achievements I’m particularly proud of given how volatile markets were at the time.
Sell side analysts get a bad rap because of preconceived biases in the industry. As a lead analyst covering key sectors for some of our industry’s top money managers, it was important for me to have the respect of my clients and for them to trust me for objective and well-researched opinions. I like to think I achieved that. I worked hard to arm my clients with as much information as possible about the companies I covered to assist them in making critical investment decisions. When I felt I was ready to move to the buy side, it was important for me to partner with a portfolio manager who works equally hard and is trusted and respected by their clients. I’m excited to work alongside David, a proven manager and analyst whose opinions, like mine, are formed by extensive research and facts.






Jump to




David Taylor MBA, CFA
President, Chief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager





Caroline Levitt CPA, CA
Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and Chief Operating Ofﬁcer





Lisa McCorquodale MBA
Vice President Sales and Marketing





Michael Willemse BA, CFA
Senior Research Analyst























Taylor Asset Management :: Contact Us




















Contact us


Taylor Asset Management Inc.
Bay Adelaide Centre
333 Bay Street, Suite 1230
Toronto, Ontario  M5H 2R2


T 416-304-9670
F 866-542-2894
info@taylorassetmanagement.com
























Taylor Asset Management :: Partners Fund





















Taylor Partners Fund
Taylor Partners Fund capitalizes on veteran equity manager, David Taylor’s stock picking expertise and strong long term track record.


Objective and approach

Applying his signature style of value investing that has earned him numerous awards for superior performance, David constructs a well-diversified, concentrated portfolio of his best investment ideas. With the flexibility to move between Canada and the US, David shifts the portfolio to where he’s seeing the best opportunities for growth.



Downloads

Monthly fund profile (PDF)
Offering memorandum (PDF)
Subscription agreement (PDF)
David Taylor: Who would buy an iron ore stock? (PDF)



NAV

July 14, 2017:
(A) $14.0610
(E) $12.6530
(F) $14.8879



Distributions

December 30, 2016:
Capital gains
(A) $0.244457 
(E) $0.140875
(F) $0.096407



Why you should invest


Access to one of Canada’s top North American equity managers
Invests only in high quality companies
Geographic flexibility to overweight the US
Focus on dividend payers/growers
Broadly diversified across different sectors
Small nimble fund
Disciplined risk management and downside protection
Significant personal investment by the manager




How we reduce risk


Maximum security exposure 7.5%
Maximum sector exposure 30%
Active foreign currency hedging
Invests in securities that are already discounted
Defensive use of cash



























Taylor Asset Management :: David Taylor Awards




















Industry recognition
David’s track record has been widely recognized with several industry awards, including rare back-to-back wins for Best Canadian Equity Fund. We’re most proud of honours he’s received for superior long-term returns in the Canadian equity and balanced fund categories.




Canadian Lipper Fund Awards
The Lipper Fund Awards program honours funds that have excelled in delivering consistently strong risk-adjusted performance, relative to peers.
2012 Global Equity Balanced (10 yr)
2011 Canadian Focused Equity (5 yr, 10 yr)
2011 Global Neutral Balanced (5 yr)
2010 Canadian Focused Equity (5 yr, 10 yr)
2010 Global Neutral Balanced (1 yr)
2009 Canadian Focused Equity (5 yr, 10 yr)
2009 Global Equity Balanced (10 yr)
2008 Canadian Focused Equity (3 yr, 5 yr)
2008 Global Equity Balanced (10 yr)
2007 Canadian Equity (3 yr)
2007 Canadian Income Balanced (3 yr)







Canadian Investment Awards
The prestigious Morningstar Canadian Investment Awards showcase leaders in the investment industry.
2010 Best Canadian Equity Fund
2009 Best Canadian Equity Fund
2006 Best Canadian Equity Fund




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Taylor Asset Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:04 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Taylor Asset Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Taylor Asset Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, pensions, foundations, endowments, and other institutional investors. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm also manages equity and balanced mutual funds. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets. For its equity investments, the firm invests in value stocks of companies. It employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Taylor Asset Management, Inc. is based in Ontario, Canada.


Bay Adelaide Centre333 Bay StreetSuite 1230Toronto, ON M5H 2R2Canada



Phone: 416-304-9670

Fax: 866-542-2894

taylorassetmanagement.com/







Key Executives for Taylor Asset Management, Inc.




Mr. Stephen St. Clair Taylor Jr.


      	Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. David F. Taylor CFA


      	President, Chief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager
      








Ms. Caroline Lesley Levitt CPA, CA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Michael J. Willemse CFA


      	Senior Research Analyst
      








Mr. Christopher Alan Kliner


      	Director of Operations and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2251442 Ontario Inc. Americas 26 Broadway Capital Corp. Americas 4Front Capital Partners, Inc. Americas 888 Capital Group Americas A Nihmey & Associates Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Taylor Asset Management, Inc., please visit taylorassetmanagement.com/.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























     
	Taylor Asset Management Inc.
               



 


Careers


Materials & forms


Contact us





français



        



  



Advisor hub

Advisor hub home
View/Edit Profile







Logout


Advisor login





















      



          


Home 
Portfolio Managers 
Taylor Asset Management Inc.

      

Taylor Asset Management Inc.

    





Loading Managers














Taylor Asset Management Inc.Taylor Asset Management manages $523 million (as of December 31, 2015) for Canadian individual and institutional investors. They have a proven investment process that has produced long-term results. Understanding that their investors' expectations go far beyond investment returns, they go the distance to ensure transparency in their investments.Taylor Asset Management is a highly skilled group of professionals with extensive and diverse experience in the investment industry. They are passionate and driven.  They work tirelessly to earn investors' business and to help investors achieve their goals.Taylor Asset Management Inc. investor brochure
Funds managedIA Clarington Focused Balanced Class
IA Clarington Focused Balanced Fund
IA Clarington Focused Canadian Equity Class
IA Clarington Focused U.S. Equity Class





David TaylorMBA, CFAChief Investment Officer and Portfolio Manager Taylor Asset Management Inc.Read bio 
















          



 

Follow us

        

We are iA ClaringtonAnd we will be invested in youAs one of Canada’s leading investment management companies, iA Clarington brings clarity, integrity and commitment to a complicated global investment landscape. As a wholly owned subsidiary of Industrial Alliance Financial Group, we offer a wide range of investment products, including actively managed mutual funds, managed portfolio solutions and socially responsible investments.

 


Proxy voting
Unclaimed property
AODA policy
Multi-year accessibility plan
Integrated standard policy (AODA)
Disclaimers and important information


 


Sitemap


Contact us


Legal


Privacy


  

© 2017 IA Clarington Investments Inc.

         



  

Taylor Asset Management Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























taylor asset management inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Taylor Asset Management Inc. operates as an investment management company. The Company offers asset management, funds, investment strategies, equities, financial planning, and advisory services. Taylor Asset Management serves customers in Canada.




Corporate Information
Address:

Bay Adelaide Center
333 Bay Street, Suite 1230
Toronto, ON M5H 2R2
Canada


Phone:
1-416-304-9670


Fax:
1-866-542-2894


Web url:
www.taylorassetmanagement.com























From The Web











Key Executives


David Taylor


President/Chief Invsmt Officer




Caroline Levitt


CFO/COO




Lisa McCorquodale


VP:Sales & Marketing







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT INC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Management Services



Management Services



                            TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT INC
                                    



 





















T 


TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



720 SINT NCHLAS AVE APT 1 NEW YORK, NY 10031
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated NY
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2004 the company has been providing Management Services. Taylor Asset Management Inc is incorporated in New York, has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $120,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT AND PERMITTING, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT AND PERMITTING, INC.











Company number P08000105968
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 263905775
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/27/2013
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/4/2008
        

Principal Address
            13702 MARTINIQUE DRIVE, SEMINOLE, FL, 33776
            


Mailing Address 13702 MARTINIQUE DRIVE, SEMINOLE, FL, 33776
        
TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT AND PERMITTING, INC. Principals

Director
                Taylor Shery A
                 


Address
                13702 MARTINIQUE DRIVE, SEMINOLE, FL, 33776
                 



Director
                Stebenne Henry E
                 


Address
                10859 109TH WAY, LARGO, FL, 33778
                 







Last Annual Reports

2012 4/10/2012
            

2012 4/10/2012
            

2011 2/8/2011
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name TANENBAUM           JACK (p)
        

Agent Address
                13800 PARK BLVD., SEMINOLE, FL, 33776
                

TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT AND PERMITTING, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/27/2013
            

Description
TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT AND PERMITTING, INC. has been set up 12/4/2008 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT AND PERMITTING, INC. principal adress is 13702 MARTINIQUE DRIVE, SEMINOLE, FL, 33776. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 13702 MARTINIQUE DRIVE, SEMINOLE, FL, 33776. 
The company`s registered agent is TANENBAUM           JACK 13800 PARK BLVD., SEMINOLE, FL, 33776.  
The company`s management are Director - Taylor Shery A, Director - Stebenne Henry E. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/27/2013. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 4/10/2012.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
TAYLOR ASSET RECOVERY, LLC.
TAYLOR ASSETS, INC.
TAYLOR & ASSOCIATES, AN ACCOUNTING OFFICE, INC.
TAYLOR & ASSOCIATES APPRAISAL SERVICES
TAYLOR & ASSOCIATES APPRAISAL SERVICES, LLC
















Investment Management Firm Taylor Asset Management

















Follow us on Twitter @DavTayAssetMgmt for great articles, Fund comments, views on the markets, and opportunities I’m seeing in equities. 
/ David Taylor 
















	TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT Trademark of TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.. Serial Number: 76695325 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.
Financial Investment; Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   investment   financial   investment   services         management   brokerage   fields   stocks      bonds      options      commodities      futures   securities      investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. 
                                in CHICAGO, IL, 60605.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC. of the TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, January 14, 2009,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT by 
                        TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC., CHICAGO, IL  60605.
                        The USPTO has given the TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  76695325.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            JAMES D. FORNARI of 
                                            Gersten Savage LLP,  600 LEXINGTON AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10022-6000 
                                .
                            The TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                            is Financial Investment; Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others. 
                            





Word mark:
 TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

6/3/2016



  Serial Number:  
76695325


  Filing Date:  
1/14/2009


 Registration Number:  
3703696 


 Registration Date:  
10/27/2009


 Goods and Services: 
Financial Investment; Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT, INC.CHICAGO, IL  60605
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Supplemental


 Disclaimer:
 ("ASSET MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


JAMES D. FORNARI
Gersten Savage LLP
600 LEXINGTON AVE
NEW YORK, NY 10022-6000






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/12/2008


First Use In Commerce: 
7/12/2008





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/3/2016
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JAMES D. FORNARI


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search taylorassetmanagemen on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT 




TAYLOR ASSET MANAGEMENT is providing Financial Investment; Financial and investment services, namely, management and brokerage in the fields of stocks, bonds, options, commodities, futures and other securities, and the investment of funds of others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































Taylor Asset Management :: Independent Investment Management Boutique





















Welcome to Taylor Asset Management
Taylor Asset Management was created with you – the client – in mind. When you entrust us with your money, it’s a privilege and responsibility we don't take lightly. We operate with honesty and integrity, and won't ever compromise our reputation. It’s our most valued asset.
We’re your partners. This partnership also includes the companies we invest in and the service providers that help us run our business and manage your money. We hold them to the same standards that we impose on ourselves.
We have a proven investment process that has produced award-winning long term results. However, we understand that as your partners, you have expectations of us beyond investment returns. You want to understand your investments and expect transparency. We wouldn’t invest in a company that doesn’t answer our questions or a management team that hides when times get tough – nor should you. In good markets and bad, we’re available to you, our client.
We have a highly skilled group of professionals with extensive and diverse experience in the investment industry. We are passionate and driven.  But most importantly, we are committed to and care about our clients. We’re working tirelessly to earn your business and to help you achieve your investment goals.

Investment solutions for individuals
Investors can invest alongside David Taylor with our  Taylor Partners Fund - a concentrated portfolio of stocks of high quality businesses that capitalizes on David’s stock picking expertise and strong long term track record in North American equities.
In addition, we have partnered with well-respected firms to deliver portfolios that meet our clients’ core investment needs. As a sub-advisor to IA Clarington Investments Inc., we manage core equity and balanced mutual funds:
IA Clarington Focused Canadian Equity Class
IA Clarington Focused U.S. Equity Class
IA Clarington Focused Balanced Fund

We have partnered with Brompton Funds to manage Taylor North American Equity Opportunities Fund, a closed-end fund that invests opportunistically in the U.S. and Canada. The Fund trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol TOF.UN.
Investment solutions for institutions
We offer an investment pool for institutional investors including, pensions, foundations and endowments. For clients with unique requirements, we offer customized portfolios via separately managed accounts.













