    Phyllis Taylor | Consumer Healthcare Products Association | ZoomInfo.com

	SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY Trademark of Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M. Serial Number: 78394382 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Education and Entertainment Services
SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY










 
Get FREE email alerts













SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY  Trademark Information
 Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M
Educational services, namely, conducting classes, seminars, conferences, workshops in the field of guided imagery that focuses on employment of the senses.




Perfect for these industries

Education and Entertainment Services





Words that describe this mark
educational   services         conducting   classes      seminars      conferences      workshops   field   guided   imagery   focuses   employment   senses    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark by Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M 
                                in Bonney Lake, , 98390.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M of the SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, March 31, 2004,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY by 
                        Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M, Bonney Lake 98390.
                        The USPTO has given the SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY 
                        trademark serial  number of  78394382.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY is 
                        
                        
                                            Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M of 
                                            7402 182ND AVE E,  BONNEY LAKE WA 98390-8516,  
                                .
                            The SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Education and Entertainment Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY 
                            is Educational services, namely, conducting classes, seminars, conferences, workshops in the field of guided imagery that focuses on employment of the senses.. 
                            





Word mark:
 SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

8/24/2005






  Serial Number:  
78394382


  Filing Date:  
3/31/2004


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Educational services, namely, conducting classes, seminars, conferences, workshops in the field of guided imagery that focuses on employment of the senses.


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Austin-Taylor, Phyllis MBonney Lake 98390
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("Sensory-Assisted Guided Imagery")


 Correspondent:


Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M
7402 182ND AVE E
BONNEY LAKE WA 98390-8516







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (041) - Education; providing of training; entertainment; sporting and cultural activities. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/24/2005
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Austin-Taylor, Phyllis M


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search sensoryassistedguide on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMA... 




SENSORY-ASSISTED GUIDED IMAGERY is providing Educational services, namely, conducting classes, seminars, conferences, workshops in the field of guided imagery that focuses on employment of the senses..
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















Phyllis M Taylor - Washington, DC | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Phyllis M Taylor in Washington, DC


Phyllis M Taylor

                                                                        Intelius found that Phyllis M Taylor  from Washington, DC.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Phyllis Has Lived In

Washington, DC







Phyllis M Taylor



Professional Status
Manager, Membership & Corporate Development at Consumer Healthcare Products Association



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Phyllis? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Phyllis, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Phyllis M Taylor
Get a Criminal Check on Phyllis M Taylor
Get a Public Record Report on Phyllis M Taylor
Get a People Search Report on Phyllis M Taylor


Phyllis M Taylor's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Phyllis M Taylor has lived as well as Phyllis M Taylor's phone numbers and email addresses.




Phyllis M Taylor Has Lived in 1 States
Washington D.C. Address for Phyllis M Taylor


1625 E** S* N* 

Washington, DC


Has Lived In

Washington, DC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Phyllis M Taylor

(202) ***-**** - Washington, DC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Phyllis M Taylor

p*****s@***.net
p*****s@***.com
p************r@***.org


Get Email Report




Phyllis M Taylor's Professional Information
Information regarding Phyllis M Taylor's professional history.  Find out previous places Phyllis M Taylor has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Phyllis M Taylor Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Consumer Healthcare Products Association
               Title: Manager, Membership & Corporate Development
Company: Chpa Educational Foundation
               Title: Membership & Business Development Manager
Phyllis M Taylor's Experience
Title: Manager, Membership & Corporate Development
               Company: Consumer Healthcare Products Association
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Title: Membership & Business Development Manager
               Company: Chpa Educational Foundation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on Phyllis M Taylor

 See Phyllis M Taylor's LinkedIn Profile



Phyllis M Taylor's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Phyllis M Taylor


Phyllis M Taylor's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Phyllis M Taylor's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Phyllis Taylor
Username Matches

                  PhyllisTaylor
                  TaylorPhyllis
                  Phyllis.Taylor
                  Taylor.Phyllis
                  Phyllis_Taylor
                  Taylor_Phyllis
                  Phyllis-Taylor
                  Taylor-Phyllis
                  PTaylor
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
P Taylor







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Phyllis M. Taylor: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:04 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Taylor Energy Company LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Phyllis M. Taylor  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Taylor Energy Company LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships75--
Background

		Ms. Phyllis M. Taylor serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board at  Taylor Energy Company LLC. Ms. Taylor serves as the Assistant State Directors at American Habilitation Services, Inc. She served as Law Clerk for the Supreme Court of Louisiana and Orleans Parish Civil District Court. Her career in the oil and gas industry began in 1972, when she served as In-House Counsel for John W. Mecom, Sr. She serves as the Chairman of Greater New Orleans ... Foundation. She has been Director of Taylor Energy Company LLC since 1979. She served as an Independent Director of Stone Energy Corp., from January 18, 2012 to February 28, 2017. She serves as the Chairman and President of the Patrick F. Taylor Foundation. She is involved in numerous civic activities, including serving on the New Orleans Business Council and Education Commission of the States, the Congressional Medal of Honor Education Board, the Smithsonian National Board and the Greater New Orleans Foundation. She has been honored for her activism and philanthropy. Ms. Taylor is a graduate of Tulane University School of Law and the University of Southwestern Louisiana.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Lee CircleNew Orleans, Louisiana 70130United StatesPhone: 504-581-5491Fax: 504-589-0504
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanGreater New Orleans Foundation1979-PresentChairman of the Board and Chief Executive OfficerTaylor Energy Company LLC
Education
Unknown/Other Education University Of Louisiana at LafayetteUnknown/Other Education Tulane University School of Law
Other Affiliations
American Habilitation Services, Inc.Stone Energy CorporationUniversity Of Louisiana at LafayetteGreater New Orleans FoundationTulane University School of Law


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Taylor Energy Company LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Taylor, Phyllis M. [WorldCat Identities]






Taylor, Phyllis M. 

Overview


Works:
6
                                 works in
                                 15
                                 publications in
                                 1
                                 language and
                                 126
                                 library holdings
                                 
                              


Roles:
Author


Classifications:
F1087,
                                 917.11




Publication Timeline
.


Most widely held works about
                            Phyllis M Taylor
                        


The noiseless foot: an autobiography by 
 Phyllis M Taylor(
                                 Book
                                 )

 


Most widely held works by
                            Phyllis M Taylor
                        

Buckskin and blackboard by 
 Phyllis M Taylor(
                              Book
                              )5
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1955
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           43 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Dog-team and school-desk by 
 Phyllis M Taylor(
                              Book
                              )4
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1960
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           34 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           Author's life as school teacher at Aklavik, NWT

Cherry petals, and other poems by 
 Phyllis M Taylor(
                              Book
                              )2
                           editions published
                           
                           in
                           1974
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           17 WorldCat member
                           
                           libraries
                           
                           worldwide
                           

Macdonald Institute graduation : Associate, OAC Review, v.47, no. 8, Summer 1935, p. 491 by OAC Review Index (University of Guelph)(
                              
                              )1
                           edition published
                           
                           in
                           1935
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           1 WorldCat member
                           
                           library
                           
                           worldwide
                           

A comparison of private and public grade 9 high school girls on interest in clothing, psychological security, and social class by 
 Phyllis M Taylor(
                              
                              )1
                           edition published
                           
                           in
                           1969
                           in 
                           English
                           and held by
                           1 WorldCat member
                           
                           library
                           
                           worldwide
                           
 


Audience Level


0





1


 
Kids
General
Special
 


                           Audience level: 
                           0.74
                           (from
                           0.38
                              for
                              A comparis
                           ... to
                           0.79
                              for
                              The noisel
                                 ...)
                                 

Related Identities
                        

Kent, Dorothy E.  
Macdonald Institute. Students  
Smith, Phyllis G.  
Wilson, Mary H.  
Jupp, J. Rosalind  
Whiteside, Jean H.  
Bustard, Mary C.  
Clark, Marion Elizabeth  
OAC Review Index (University of Guelph)  
Fisher, Beatrice E.  





Useful Links


                                 Library of Congress Authority File (English)
                                 

                                 Virtual International Authority File.
                                 



Associated Subjects
Autobiography British Columbia Canada Education English poetry Eskimos Indians of North America Manners and customs Northwest Territories--Aklavik Rural schools Taylor, Phyllis M




Alternative Names

Taylor, Phyllis

Languages
English
                           (15)





Google+


                     ÂŠ 2010 OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Inc.  
                     
                  WorldCat Identities is covered by the
                  
                     OCLC ResearchWorks Terms and Conditions
                     
                  OCLC 6565 Kilgour Place, Dublin OH USA 43017
                  
               

                  Project Page
                  |
                     Feedback
                     |
                  Known Problems
                  
               






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Phyllis M. Taylor , Consumer Healthcare Products Association [CHPA] - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/25/2017  
Phyllis M. Taylor  
Director, MembershipConsumer Healthcare Products Association [CHPA]
Telephone, Email, and Fax available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Associate Director, Membership,  Consumer Healthcare Products Association,  ,  
(2 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Health Focus Leadership Networks® Leadership® Nonprofits Premium The Leadership Library®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            







Patrick F. Taylor Foundation












































































 










 
















































 

 



Expanding Education
From creating the Taylor Plan to helping expand merit-based tuition programs to over 20 states, making college attainable is one of the Foundation’s core tenets.


Honoring Heroes
The Foundation embraces its namesake’s conviction that citizens are duty bound to honor the men and women who dedicate their lives to protecting America’s freedom.


Strengthening Communities
To help fulfill America’s promise, the Foundation works to create more resilient, vibrant, and strong communities.


The Foundation
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor founded the Patrick F. Taylor Foundation as the charitable extension of Taylor Energy Company in 1985, as a gesture of thanks to the nation that had given them so much. Patrick F. Taylor, through his own journey from poverty to plenty, understood that bright futures stand on the sturdy legs of education. He worked to ensure that the opportunity to go to college be based on a child’s desire to learn, not on his or her ability to pay. Mr. Taylor’s vision, known as the Taylor Plan, became law in Louisiana in 1989.
The Foundation continues Mr. Taylor’s educational crusade by advocating for Taylor Plan programs in states across the country. Through these efforts, as well as targeted individual scholarship programs, the Taylor Foundation has helped make higher education affordable for countless students nationwide. While best known for its work in education, the Foundation’s mission also expands beyond the classroom to support centers of art and history, law enforcement, and the armed forces.
Read More »

Foundation News
Taylor Family Free Day on August 7, 2016Aug 02, 2016Hard work equals great rewards for Louisiana’s best high school students who can enjoy free admission along with their families to Audubon Nature Institute attractions and the New Orleans Museum of Art on Taylor Family Free Day, Sunday, August 7. For two decades, Audubon Nature Institute has partnered with the Patrick F. Taylor Foundation and the […]Phyllis Taylor Announces $1,000,000 Patrick F. Taylor Foundation Gift to Support the Louisiana Children’s Museum’s Early Learning Village CampaignJun 08, 2015Phyllis Taylor has announced a $1,000,000 gift from the Patrick F. Taylor Foundation to support the Louisiana Children’s Museum’s Early Learning Village Campaign.  The announcement was made at a rare gathering of the Museum’s founding board members and current leadership, and on the heels of the Louisiana Children’s Museum receiving the 2015 National Medal for […]Taylor Scholars Family Day is Nov. 28Oct 27, 2015On Taylor Family Day at the New Orleans Museum of Art, Taylor students and scholars may bring their parents or guardians plus two family members or friends for free to enjoy a a fun-filled day at the museum. Schedule of Events: 11 am – 5 pm: Educator Appreciation Day. All day, educators are welcomed to […]Taylor Family Fun FestMay 16, 2015Phyllis M. Taylor, Chairman and President of the Patrick F. Taylor Foundation, announced this week that the Taylor Scholars Awards program has achieved a growth of 10 percent in the 2014/2015 academic year, rewarding more than 195,000 students through April by providing them with free one-year memberships to the New Orleans Museum of Art, Audubon […]Patrick F. Taylor Foundation Object Project Opens at SmithsonianOct 12, 2015By: Smithsonian National Museum of American History The Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History opened a unique hands-on learning space, the Patrick F. Taylor Foundation Object Project, on July 1. Made possible by philanthropist Phyllis Taylor, the 4,000-square-foot space in the museum’s new Innovation Wing focuses on “everyday things that changed everything.” Anchored by an […]Anti-Defamation League names Phyllis Taylor as A.I. Botnick Torch of Liberty Award WinnerMay 13, 2015The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) has chosen Phyllis Taylor and Dr. Nick Mueller as this year’s A.I. Botnick Torch of Liberty Award Winners. Mrs. Taylor and Dr. Mueller embody the award’s prestige and philanthropic commitment to the community. “Award recipients are people who care not just for themselves today, but for the children and grandchildren of […]













































Taylor Phyllis Mft                                                                                                       - Westlake Village                                  , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



Westlake Village



Individual and Family Services



Family Counseling Services



                            Taylor Phyllis Mft
                                    



 





















T 


Taylor Phyllis Mft                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



699 HAMPSHIRE RD STE 210 WESTLAKE VILLAGE, CA 91361
Get Directions



(805) 558-5228
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $64,652.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Family Counseling Services
 Contacts Phyllis Taylor                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Taylor Phyllis Mft                                                                                                       was founded in 2007, and is located at 699 Hampshire Rd Ste 210 in Westlake Village. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Phyllis Taylor                                                                                                           at (805) 558-5228. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Phyllis M Taylor















































🔍





Home


Magazines


Advertising


Events


Videos


Contact us


Special Reports









Friday, July 28, 2017



Phyllis M Taylor







Shipbuilding/Repair


Deepwater


Offshore


Coastal/Inland


Government


Equipment


Training


Law & Regulations












Tidewater Christens New Vessel                                                                      

 Tidewater Inc. announced that one of its new vessels, the M/V Pat Taylor, named in honor of the late New Orleans businessman, Patrick F. Taylor, will be christened on August 21, at the wharf of the Hilton New Orleans Riverside. Mrs. Phyllis M. Taylor, wife of Pat Taylor and current Chairman and CEO of Taylor Energy Company LLC, will christen the new 220-ft. platform supply vessel which was built by Quality Shipyards, LLC, a subsidiary of Tidewater located in Houma, La.





Taylor Named to Forbes List                                                                         

Phyllis Taylor, wife of the late Taylor Energy founder Patrick Taylor, is No. 297 on the Forbe’s Magazine’s list of 400 wealthiest Americans. She is the only Louisiana resident to make the list, which included Americans with a minimum net worth of $1.3 billion.

Taylor, 66, is now owner of New Orleans-based Taylor Energy and carries a net worth of $1.6 billion, according to the magazine. Taylor Energy is the largest privately held oil and gas company operating in the Gulf of Mexico, producing 6.5 million barrels of oil and natural gas equivalent each year.




Paragon Offshore Comes Out of Bankruptcy


Paragon Offshore Group announced that it has emerged from bankruptcy after completing a restructuring that eliminated USD 2.3 billion of debt. The successor company to Paragon Offshore PLC , which filed for bankruptcy in February 2016 with USD 2.96 billion of debt, also named a new board of directors. The search for a new CEO is underway. "The plan of reorganization under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code substantially de-levers the company’s ongoing business, eliminating  approximately $2.3 billion of secured and unsecured debt. 



Donors Give $2.9 Mln to Train BC’s Future Shipbuilders


The Dennis & Phyllis Washington Foundation, in conjunction with Seaspan, announced today a multi-year, multimillion dollar investment in the future of British Columbia’s marine industrial sector. The commitment totals $2.9 million and includes a three-year, $900,000 donation by the Dennis and Phyllis Washington Foundation to three institutional trades training programs in Canada. This donation has been given in support of the Industrial and Regional Benefits Policy program under the National Shipbuilding Strategy (NSS). 

 




















Nobeltec, Taylor Marine Announce Partnership

Nobeltec is pleased to announce a new partnership with Taylor Marine of Australia. As of October 1, 2011, Taylor Marine, also known as JN Taylor & Co. Ltd., will act as Nobeltec’s exclusive distributor of all Nobeltec products sold to dealers and end users in Australia. “It is with great enthusiasm that Nobeltec and JN Taylor enter into this partnership,” Nobeltec General Manager Bill Washburn said. Taylor Marine will provide Australian customers and Nobeltec dealers with strong, local technical support for Nobeltec PC-based navigation software including TimeZero Trident, Admiral and VNS. Support will also extend to Nobeltec’s line of radars and accessories.



Tidewater Elects Taylor to Board  of Directors                                                      

Tidewater announced the election of Cindy B. Taylor to its Board of Directors for a term expiring in July 2008. Mrs. Taylor comes to Tidewater with a distinguished and successful career in the oil and gas industry. Since May 2006, Mrs. Taylor has served as President and CEO of Oil States International, Inc., a diversified solutions provider for the oil and gas industry. From May 2000 through May 2006, Mrs. Taylor was a Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Oil States. Taylor previously held executive positions with a public drilling company and various management positions in public accounting. Taylor earned her Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A.) degree from Texas A&M and is a Certified Public Accountant.



Nobeltec and Taylor Marine Announce Partnership

Nobeltec is pleased to announce a new partnership with Taylor Marine of Australia. As of October 1, 2011, Taylor Marine, also known as JN Taylor & Co. Ltd., will act as Nobeltec’s exclusive distributor of all Nobeltec products sold to dealers and end users in Australia. “It is with great enthusiasm that Nobeltec and JN Taylor enter into this partnership,” Nobeltec General Manager Bill Washburn said. “I know that our relationship with Taylor Marine will enhance Australian dealers’ and customers’ experiences with Nobeltec products.” Taylor Marine will provide Australian customers and Nobeltec dealers with strong, local technical support for Nobeltec PC-based navigation software including TimeZero Trident, Admiral and VNS. Support will also extend to Nobeltec’s line of radars and accessories.



This Day in U.S. Naval History - March 8

1854 - Commodore Matthew Perry opens treaty negotiations with Japan
 
1862 - Ironclad ram CSS Virginia destroys USS Cumberland and Congress
 
1945 - Phyllis Daley becomes first African-American Ensign, Navy Nurse Corps
 
1958 - Battleship USS Wisconsin (BB-64) is decommissioned, leaving the Navy without an active battleship for the first time since 1895.
 
1965 - Seventh Fleet lands first major Marine units in South Vietnam at Danang
 
(Source: Navy News Service)



This Day in Naval History – March 8

1854 - Commodore Matthew Perry opens treaty negotiations with Japan

1862 - Ironclad ram CSS Virginia destroys USS Cumberland and Congress

1945 - Phyllis Daley becomes first African-American Ensign, Navy Nurse Corps

1958 - Battleship USS Wisconsin (BB-64) is decommissioned, leaving the Navy without an active battleship for the first time since 1895.

1965 - Seventh Fleet lands first major Marine units in South Vietnam at Danang

(Source: Navy News Service)



U.S. Rep. Taylor: Navy Budget Insufficient                                                          

WASHINGTON, DC – After reviewing the President’s defense budget and hearing testimony from the Secretary of the Navy on Thursday, Congressman Gene Taylor (D-MS) expressed his concern about the number of ships funded under the FY06 defense budget request. “The Navy’s request for reductions in several important shipbuilding programs will leave the United States short of the fleet size needed to meet existing security requirements,” Taylor said. A senior member of the House Armed Services Committee and co-chairman of the newly formed Congressional Shipbuilding Caucus, Taylor articulated his dismay over the declining number of ships in the U.S. Navy fleet. “The shrinking is not just about numbers, but about reduced capabilities that threaten our national security.



US Navy Ship Grounds in Turkey


The Mayport-based frigate USS Taylor (FFG 50) is being inspected for damage after running aground Feb. 12. The incident occurred as Taylor was preparing to moor in Samsun, Turkey. Taylor was able to moor without further incident. There were no reported injuries, and the incident is currently under investigation. Additional information will be released as it becomes available. Taylor is currently supporting maritime security operations and theater security cooperation efforts in the Black Sea to establish and enhance cooperation… 



Grounded Navy Ship Repaired, Returns to Fleet


The Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate USS Taylor (FFG 50), homeported in Mayport, Fla., successfully completed post-repair sea trials, April 21, the U.S. Navy reported. Taylor was operating in the Black Sea when she ran aground in Samsun, Turkey, Feb. 12, damaging the ship's propeller hub assembly. Taylor was towed to Naval Support Activity Souda Bay, to complete replacements of the propeller blades and hub. The sea trials helped Taylor's crew assess whether the ship was ready to return to operations… 



ZF Marine Names New Account Manager                                                                 



ZF Marine announced that Stephen Taylor has been appointed Account Manager for the Gulf Coast and Inland River region. 
Taylor comes to ZF Marine with 20 years of Marine Propulsion experience working on commercial and government projects, in project management, and sales and marketing.  Taylor will be based out of ZF Marine LLC's St Rose, Louisiana facility.




Taylor to head Trojan Battery's Global Workforce

Trojan Battery Co., LLC, the world’s leading manufacturer of deep-cycle batteries, has named Phillip Taylor as senior vice president, and chief human resources (HR) officer to lead the company’s global workforce of more than 1,000 employees. Taylor brings over 30 years of experience to this position, which includes his most recent tenure at legendary toy maker Mattel, Inc. Battery. Taylor is responsible for the development of corporate HR strategies for Trojan’s worldwide operations in the areas of recruitment, compensation, benefits, performance management and organizational development for the company. While at Mattel, Taylor served as senior vice president of HR for the commercial and corporate divisions.



US Rep. Expects Congress to Add Ships to Defense Budget                                             

U.S. Rep. Gene Taylor, D-Miss., said that lawmakers will try to add extra ships to the Navy budget, in addition to whatever the Pentagon requests, The Marketplace reported. Taylor said that President George W. Bush isn't fully focused on military needs as the White House prepares its 2008 budget proposal. As a result, Congress ought to use earmarks or other tools to step in, he said. Taylor is a member of the House Armed Services Committee and leads its subcomittee in charge of shipbuilding. Democrats have renamed this panel the Seapower and Expeditionary Forces Subcommittee, replacing its Republican-era moniker as the "Projection Forces" panel. Congress will hold hearings to decide what types of ships the Navy needs, Taylor said.



Ingram Taps Taylor as Controller and SVP


Ingram promotes Crystal Taylor to Senior Vice President and Controller. Ingram Barge Company today announced the promotion of Crystal Taylor to Senior Vice President and Controller effective June 1. Ms. Taylor joined Ingram in 1993 as a staff accountant at Ingram Book Company. She transferred to Ingram’s marine group in 2003 as Director of Financial Projects and was named Vice President for Finance and Accounting in 2011. She will succeed Al Oldham who is retiring. Mr. Oldham joined Ingram Barge Company in December 1989 and was promoted to Senior Vice President and Controller in 2002. 



USS Taylor to Enter Black Sea


The U.S. Navy reported that the Oliver Hazard Perry-class frigate USS Taylor (FFG 50), homeported in Mayport, Fla., will enter the Black Sea April 22 to promote peace and stability in the region. The U.S. Navy routinely operates ships in the Black Sea consistent with the Montreux Convention and International Law. Taylor's mission is to reassure NATO allies of the U.S. Navy's commitment to strengthen and improve interoperability while working toward mutual goals in the region. Taylor recently completed repairs at Naval Support Activity Souda Bay, Greece. 



Taylor Made Group President & COO to Retire


The Taylor Made Group has announced that President and Chief Operating Officer, Andy Jobbins, will retire at the close of the company’s current fiscal year, effective October 1, 2015. Jobbins was promoted to his current position in 2010, after serving as Trend Marine Products Managing Director and Taylor Made Group’s International Managing Director — responsible for their facilities in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand. “We wish Andy health, happiness, and the very best as he enters his retirement,” said Dennis Flint, Chairman and CEO of The Taylor Made Group. 



First Damen Tug for Peru


Launching the business relationship between the two companies, Ian Taylor Peru has signed a contract with Damen Shipyards Group for an ASD Tug 2810. The vessel’s MTU engine and rapid delivery time were both key aspects of the contract. The two companies are also concluding negotiations for an additional order of a second identical vessel. Ian Taylor Peru, the Peruvian subsidiary of the Chilean group of companies Empresas Taylor, has been active in Peru’s towing sector since 1991. The company currently has four tugs in operation there. 



First Shipbuilding Caucus "A Huge Success"                                                          

Congressman Gene Taylor (D-MS) and Congresswoman Jo Ann Davis (R-VA) convened the first meeting of the Congressional Shipbuilding Caucus today. Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Vern Clark, was the first guest speaker at the closed session. In comments during the Caucus meeting, Taylor expressed his worry that the current 290-ship fleet is well-below the Navy’s recommended requirements. "If enacted, the proposed FY06 Navy shipbuilding budget doesn’t fix the situation. In fact, this budget would only undercut our ability to fight the Global War on Terror and meet the national security challenges of the future," said Taylor. Taylor also conveyed his great concern over the Navy’s recent announcement to re-open the competition for the DD(X) destroyer.



Taylor Reacts to DD(X) Decision                                                                     

The Department of Defense announced that they would back off a previously announced Navy proposal to conduct a winner-take-all competition between shipyards for the construction of the next generation destroyer DD(X). According to the President's fiscal year 2006 budget, Northrop Grumman Ship Systems in Pascagoula, Mississippi, was scheduled to build the first three DD(X) destroyers, with Maine's General Dynamics Bath Iron Works shipyard building two additional ships. However, changes to the shipbuilding budget triggered the Navy to explore a revised bidding process that would have created a winner-take-all competition between Northrop Grumman and Bath Iron Works. "You're looking at a situation where one shipyard would likely be forced out of business.



USCG Search For Boater Missing 50 miles South St Marks, Florida


The Coast Guard is searching for a missing boater 50-miles south of St. Marks, Florida, Sunday. Missing is George Taylor, 60, from Tallahassee, Florida, who was reportedly sailing his 27-foot Catalina sailboat from St. Marks to Carrabelle Florida. A friend of Taylor’s called Coast Guard Sector Mobile to report him overdue at 4.p.m.Saturday. The caller’s last contact with Taylor was Thursday morning via social media; he reportedly stated his intentions were to be in Carrabelle Friday evening. 



Taylor Elected As Chairman of Tidewater Inc.                                                        


Dean E. Taylor has been elected as Chairman of its Board of Directors at Tidewater Inc. Taylor will also retain the positions of President and Chief Executive Officer, which positions he has held since October 2001 and March 2002, respectively. 
He is replacing William C. O'Malley, who has served as Chairman of the Board since 1994. O'Malley will continue as a director of the Company, having been reelected by shareholders to a three year term ending in July 2006.


 











































Advances in Nighttime Optics













Maritime Reporter and Engineering News’ first edition was published in New York City in 1883 and became our flagship publication in 1939. 
It is the world’s largest audited circulation magazine serving the global maritime industry, delivering more insightful editorial and news to more industry decision makers than any other source.
        
Subscribe





Maritime Reporter E-News is the subsea industry's largest circulation and most authoritative ENews Service, delivered to your Email three times per week
Subscribe for Maritime Reporter E-News











































PHYLLIS M TAYLOR - ROCHESTER, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



ROCHESTER



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            PHYLLIS M TAYLOR
                                    



 





















P 


PHYLLIS M TAYLOR
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



70 PICKWICK DR ROCHESTER, NY 14618
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Phyllis M Taylor is located at 70 Pickwick Dr in Rochester and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














