

Daniel J. Taylor: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:04 PM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of MGM Growth Properties LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Daniel J. Taylor  Director, MGM Growth Properties LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships60$143,278
Background

		Mr. Daniel J. Taylor, also known as Dan, has been an Executive of Tracinda Corporation, a corporation wholly-owned by Kirk Kerkorian since 2007. Mr. Taylor served as Chief Financial Officer of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. since June 1998. He served as the President of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. from February 10, 2005 to January 1, 2006. He served as an Executive of Tracinda Corporation, a corporation wholly-owned by Kirk Kerkorian from May 1991 to July 1997. Throughout his ... career, he has held several top executive positions. He served as Senior Executive Vice President of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. from June 1998 to February 2005 and also served as its Executive Vice President for Corporate Finance since August 1997. In that role, Mr. Taylor oversaw all financial functions of MGM, as well as its worldwide post-theatrical distribution and information services, while playing a key role as a member of the management team responsible for MGM's overall corporate strategy and business development. Mr. Taylor also served as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MGM Studios from June 1998 to April 2005. From May 1991 to July 1997, Mr. Taylor served as an Executive of Tracinda Corporation. Prior thereto, he served as Vice President-Taxes and in various other capacities at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.'s predecessor MGM/UA Communications Co. from 1985 to May 1991, after beginning his association with it in 1983 while working at Arthur Andersen & Co. as a Senior Tax Manager, where he specialized in its entertainment and gaming practice. He was President of a motion picture, television, home video and theatrical production and distribution company. He was Chief Financial Officer and Vice President - Taxes of a motion picture, television, home video and theatrical production and distribution company. He was Tax Manager at a public accounting firm. He has been Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Light Efficient Design, a division of TADD LLC since July 2014. He served as Chairman of the Board of a manufacturer and distributor of LED lighting products. He served as the Chairman at Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. since May 2009 until August 31, 2012. He has been a Director at MGM Resorts International since March 20, 2007. He has been a Director of MGM Growth Properties LLC since 2016. He served as a Director of Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. from February 2008 to August 31, 2012 and Inforte Corp. from October 31, 2005 to July 26, 2007. He was Director of a public oil and gas company and management consulting company. He holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration with an emphasis in Accounting from Central Michigan University in 1978.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
6385 South Rainbow BoulevardLas Vegas, Nevada 89118United StatesPhone: 702-669-1480Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2007-PresentDirectorMGM Resorts International2016-PresentDirectorMGM Growth Properties LLC
Education
BS 1978Central Michigan University
Other Affiliations
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.Par Pacific Holdings, Inc.MGM Resorts InternationalInforte Corp.Central Michigan University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$53,278Total Calculated Compensation$143,278




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MGM Growth Properties LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Daniel J Taylor 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




















  Taylor A. Daniel, J.D. :: Greensboro Premarital Agreement Attorney Woodruff Family Law Group                               Contact Us Now: 336.272.9122 Tap Here To Call Us          Woodruff Family Law Group Home Contact Woodruff Family Law Group    Home  About Us  Reviews    Our Team  Carolyn Woodruff, JD, CPA, CVA   Jonathan D. Csuka, J.D.   Jessica S. Bullock, J.D.   Adam D. Furr, J.D.   Taylor A. Daniel, J.D.   Jennifer A. Crissman, J.D.   Leesa M. Poag J.D.  Benjamin N. Neece JD/MBA  NC Certified Paralegals  Our Accountants    Services  Reviews  FAQs  Resources    News  Giving Back  Blog  Contact Us       Why Hire Us? Initial Consultation                   Home  Attorney Profiles   Taylor A. Daniel, J.D.        Taylor A. Daniel, J.D. Associate Attorney       tdaniel@woodrufflawfirm.com  Download VCard   Phone: 336.272.9122 Ext: 3009 Fax: 336.272.7991   420 W Market St  Greensboro, North Carolina 27401    Practice Areas  Divorce and Premarital Agreements Family Law           Woodruff Family Law Group Attorney, Taylor A. Daniel has been practicing family law since 2012. Currently, Taylor focuses on divorce and child custody cases within family law. Of course, the idea of becoming an attorney was in her blood.“My father is an attorney and I watched him practicing law growing up. I truly admired him and wanted to be just like him. I saw how helping people through the practice of law gave him meaning and purpose in his life and I wanted to embody that myself.”Taylor decided to dip her toe in the world of family law by interning at Woodruff Family Law Group. She soon recognized her calling.“Well, I knew I would never be bored! I interned with the Woodruff Family Law Group the summer after my first year of law school. I realized that people are in their most vulnerable state when seeking the help of a family law attorney. I wanted to help people at one of their lowest points.”One of Taylor’s favorite sayings is, “The sweet just ain’t as sweet without the bitter.” In many ways, this speaks to the real-life challenges her clients have endured to get from the worst moments to the start of their new life.“I am aggressive when it comes to advocating for my client. However, I also feel like I can advise my client when to come to a reasonable settlement that is in the best interests of all parties involved.”When it comes to the issue of child custody, Taylor stays focused on what is in the best interest of the child.“We focus on that aspect, plus any other aspect of the child’s life, including health, education, social interaction, religion and any other aspect that is important to my client, from a parent’s perspective. Additionally, I work together with my client on a custody schedule for both my client and the other parent, if that parent is fit to have time with the child. In some cases, we are able to work out an entire custody schedule without the involvement of the court. However, in other cases, we seek the assistance of the court to order a custodial schedule.”Taylor fits in well with six other savvy attorneys whom each bring experience, insight, and diligence to work on each client’s behalf.“With seven family law attorneys, each of us has something of value that we bring to the table every single day. If we didn’t, we wouldn’t be here. We are here to help better our clients’ lives. I look at my role as working hard for my clients and helping them get through one of the most difficult times in their lives. I am here to show empathy for their situation, but to also take the emotion out of the situation in order to resolve it in the most efficient way possible.”Dogs or cats?DogsFavorite Saying:“Don’t threaten me with a good time.”Favorite Music Group:Fleetwood MacGuilty PleasuresWine    Education  J.D., University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Law, Chapel Hill, NC, 2012  B.A., Business Management, North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC, 2009   Jurisdictions Admitted to Practice North Carolina, 2012               Contact Us  336.272.9122          Name:      Email:      Phone:       Message:     Please read the disclaimer below before sending a message to Woodruff Family Law Group.   Any information that you send us should not be confidential or otherwise sensitive information. Sending us an e-mail message does not establish an attorney/client relationship. We cannot provide representation until we have had an opportunity to evaluate your case, including but not limited to an evaluation of whether we are in a conflict position to represent you. The information you send to us in an e-mail should not be information for which you would have an expectation of confidentiality.    I have read the disclaimer*         Enter text from the Image Above: Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit                   Practice Areas    High Net Worth   Divorce and Premarital Agreements   Child Custody and Support   Property Division   Spousal Support   Family Law Appeals   Alienation and Other Civil Actions   Business Planning / Financial Planning for Divorce   Trials / Mediation / Collaborative                Contact Us                      Please read the disclaimer below before sending a message to Woodruff Family Law Group.   Any information that you send us should not be confidential or otherwise sensitive information. Sending us an e-mail message does not establish an attorney/client relationship. We cannot provide representation until we have had an opportunity to evaluate your case, including but not limited to an evaluation of whether we are in a conflict position to represent you. The information you send to us in an e-mail should not be information for which you would have an expectation of confidentiality.    I have read the disclaimer*      Enter text from the Image Above: Please enter the text from the image on the left.   Submit                      420 W Market St Greensboro, NC 27401    Phone: 336.272.9122     We serve the following localities: Guilford County including Greensboro and High Point; Alamance County including Burlington and Graham; Davidson County including Lexington and Thomasville; Forsyth County including Winston-Salem; Person County including Roxboro; Randolph County including Asheboro; and Rockingham County including Reidsville and Wentworth.     Home   Disclaimer   Privacy Policy   Site Map   Contact Us     Taylor A. Daniel, J.D. :: Greensboro Premarital Agreement Attorney Woodruff Family Law Group Copyright © 2017,  Woodruff Family Law Group   Justia Law Firm Website Design                  




Taylor Bay Framed Art Print by Daniel J. Bellyk at Art.com













































 We're Here to Help   Need a quick answer? You've come to the right place.




 Give us a call 

800-952-5592


 Live Chat
Open Chat Window



 Send us an Email
support@art.com
Write to us at support@art.com
and we'll respond as quickly as possible.








Find Answers
What can we help you with?


Help Overview
FAQ's
Track Your Order
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Certificates



















































TrueHome / Shop /  Daniel J. Bellyk / Item# 22098711050ADaniel J. Bellyk5274636Taylor BayThis is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Daniel J. Bellyk39.5" x 27.5" Framed Art Print$189.99$94.99Ships in 5-7 DaysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYNeed help? Chat nowFramed Art Print39.5" x 27.5"Product DetailsAbout the ArtRead MoreItem# 22098711050ALive Chat. Click here for assistance.100% Satisfaction Guaranteed | Order by phone: 39.5" x 27.5" Framed Art Print$189.99$94.99Ships in 5-7 DaysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct DetailsProduct DetailsAbout the ArtRead MoreItem# 22098711050AReviewsGuarantee & ReturnsBackDetailsReviewsCommentsProduct description not availableThere are no customer reviews yet100% Satisfaction GuaranteeWe are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. Learn MoreRelated CategoriesRelated CategoriesDaniel J. BellykNewfoundlandCanadian ProvincesOceanCanadaScenicArtistsWorld RegionsNorth American NationsGalleries with this productTrueHome / Shop /  Daniel J. Bellyk / Item# 22098711050ADaniel J. Bellyk5274636Taylor BayThis is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Daniel J. Bellyk39.5" x 27.5" Framed Art Print$189.99$94.99Ships in 5-7 DaysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct Details










Order Toll Free

800-952-5592

International

France
United Kingdom

BUSINESS SALES

1-866-303-3780
Offices
Hospitality
Healthcare
Designers and Architects



Customer Service

Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Cards
FAQs



About Art.com

Our Company
Careers
Business & Trade Sales
Affiliate Program
Shop Our Catalog
ART.COM BLOG
MUSEUM SHOPS



My Account

Access My Account
Track My Order




Sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration


Please enter a valid email address













Follow Us












































© Art.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Art.com, You+Art, and Photos [to] Art are trademarks or registered trademarks of Art.com Inc.
Various aspects of this website are covered by issued US patent No. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.






























Daniel J. Taylor | Spragins, Barnett & Cobb PLC | Jackson, Tennessee












































					Call 731-300-1592
				



  Menu
 Contact

 









Search












				Where Experience Counts And Results Matter








Daniel J. Taylor


  
Daniel J. Taylor  


Daniel Taylor


Secretary – Robin Lewis




















    Daniel J. Taylor, a resident of Jackson, Tennessee, concentrates his practice primarily in the areas of state and federal criminal defense law in West Tennessee. However, Mr. Taylor also represents clients in some civil cases related to criminal matters.Mr. Taylor is certified as a Criminal Trial Specialist by the National Board of Trial Advocacy and the Tennessee Commission on Continuing Legal Education and Specialization. He has been certified since 2000. He was recertified in 2005, 2010 and 2015. He is also qualified pursuant to the Rules of the Tennessee Supreme Court to serve as lead counsel in capital (death penalty) cases and appeals. He has participated as either lead or co-counsel in over ninety (90) criminal jury trials. He has experience in both the defense and prosecution of criminal cases. He was formerly employed by the office of the Tennessee Attorney General (Criminal Division); served as an assistant to the Attorney General of the Thirteenth Judicial District as a senior law student pursuant to Rule 10.03 of the Tennessee Supreme Court; and was employed for five (5) years as the Chief Assistant Public Defender for the Twenty-sixth (26th) Judicial District, Jackson, TN. He is a 2001 graduate of the National Criminal Defense College located at the Mercer School of Law, Macon, Georgia. He is also a 2002 graduate of the Clarence Darrow Death Penalty Defense College located at the University of Michigan Law School, Ann Arbor, Michigan.Mr. Taylor has served on the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. He has served as a Board of Director, Vice President, and President of the Jackson-Madison County Bar Association. He is a member of the Tennessee Bar Association (Criminal Justice Section), Tennessee Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers (TACDL) and the Madison County Bar Association. He is a Criminal Justice Act (CJA) panel attorney for the Western District of Tennessee. He served as a hearing committee member of the Tennessee Board of Professional Responsibility, Disciplinary District VII from 2003-2009.Mr. Taylor is a graduate of Middle Tennessee State University and the Nashville School of Law. He was admitted to the practice of law in 1992. He is admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of Tennessee and all lower appellate and trial courts. He is also admitted to practice in the Supreme Court of the United States, the U.S Court of Appeals, 6th Circuit, the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Tennessee and U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee.Mr. Taylor served twenty years as an officer in the Tennessee Army National Guard. During his military career he served three times as a Company/unit Commander. He is a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom (2004-2005) and was awarded the Meritorious Service Medal for his service. He is a Major in the retired reserves. Mr. Taylor is active in the Boy Scouts of America. He is an Eagle Scout and was the past Chairman of the Central District Committee of the Boy Scouts of America, Jackson, TN. He was also past Scoutmaster of Troop 110 at Grace United Methodist Church. He has served as a member of the Board and President of the Board of Directors for Habitat for Humanity, Jackson, TN. He taught as an Adjunct Professor of Criminal Justice at Jackson State Community College. In addition, he has coached the Mock Trial team at Lambuth University. He has published numerous articles regarding criminal law in For the Defense, the publication of the Tennessee Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers and he authored a chapter in Trends in DUI Discovery, for Inside the Minds legal series for Aspatore Publications. He has been listed in the Super lawyers of the Mid-South since 2008 in the area of criminal defense law.   Areas of Practice  State & Federal Criminal Defense Criminal Appeals Capital Defense    Certified Legal Specialties  Criminal Trial Specialist, National Board of Trial Advocacy, 2000    Bar Admissions  Tennessee, 1992    Education  Nashville School of Law, Nashville, Tennessee  Doctor of Jurispurdence - 1992  Clarence Darrow Death Penalty Defense College, University of Michigan Law School - 2002  National Criminal Defense College - 2001  Middle Tennessee State University     Classes/Seminars  Adjunct Professor, Criminal Justice, Jackson State Community College    Professional Associations and Memberships  Tennessee Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers, Past Member, Board of Directors Jackson-Madison County Bar Association, Past President    Past Employment Positions  Tennessee Attorney General's Office, Criminal Division, 1990 - 1992 Chief Assistant Public Defender, 26th Judicial District, 1993-1999    Pro Bono Activities  Chairman, Central District Committee, Boy Scouts of America, Jackson, TN   








  View Our Practice Areas





















Contact us today to learn more about how we can help you resolve your legal situation.
To discuss your specific situation and to learn more about how we can help, call us at 731-300-1592 or submit an inquiry via our online contact form. 




Spragins, Barnett & Cobb, PLC


 312 East Lafayette 
                    

Jackson, 
                TN
38301



Phone: 
                731-300-1592



Fax: 
                731-424-0562


 Jackson Law Office Map 





Review Us



 
 





  Email Us For A Response
				

Tell us more about your legal issue We are here to help.


Bold labels are required.
    










Contact Information

Name




Email Address


Please enter a valid email address.




Phone

Please enter a valid phone number. You may use 0-9, spaces and the ( ) - + characters.




Brief description of your legal issue





Please verify that you have read the disclaimer.



I have read the 
                        disclaimer.



disclaimer.
                




The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent through this form.
close




Privacy Policy















 


© 2017 by Spragins, Barnett & Cobb, PLC. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map
Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by FindLaw, a Thomson Reuters business. 
























Daniel J. Taylor - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Daniel J. Taylor
Board Member at MGM Resorts International


View Full Profile
Are you Daniel J. Taylor? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel J. Taylor's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel J. Taylor's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel J. Taylor's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel J. Taylor through your network of contacts.
												








Daniel J. Taylor's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
MGM Resorts International


Board Member, 
MGM Growth Properties LLC


Past
To view Daniel J. Taylor's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Central Michigan University


Age
60

 
 


Daniel J. Taylor's Biography



Principal Occupation/Other Directorships
 
Employed as an executive of Tracinda since 2007. Director of MGM Growth Properties LLC. Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Light Efficient Design, a division of TADD LLC since July 2014, a manufacturer and distributor of LED lighting products, primarily for the retrofit market. President of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. ("MGM Studios") from April 2005 to January 2006 and Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MGM Studios from June 1998 to April 2005. Vice President - Taxes at MGM/UA Communications Co., the predecessor company of MGM Studios, from 1985 to 1991. Ta ...
(Read More)

			Principal Occupation/Other Directorships
 
Employed as an executive of Tracinda since 2007. Director of MGM Growth Properties LLC. Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Light Efficient Design, a division of TADD LLC since July 2014, a manufacturer and distributor of LED lighting products, primarily for the retrofit market. President of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. ("MGM Studios") from April 2005 to January 2006 and Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MGM Studios from June 1998 to April 2005. Vice President - Taxes at MGM/UA Communications Co., the predecessor company of MGM Studios, from 1985 to 1991. Tax Manager specializing in the entertainment and gaming practice at Arthur Andersen & Co. from 1978 to 1985. Director of Inforte Corp. from October 2005 to 2007. Chairman of the Board of Directors of Delta Petroleum Corporation from May 2009 to August 2012 (and a director from February 2008 to August 2012), and a former member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of such company.
 
Director Qualifications
 
Leadership experience-Chairman of the Board of a manufacturer and distributor of LED lighting products; former President of a motion picture, television, home video, and theatrical production and distribution company
 
Finance experience-former Chief Financial Officer of a motion picture, television, home video, and theatrical production and distribution company; former Vice President - Taxes of a motion picture, television, home video, and theatrical production and distribution company; former tax manager at a public accounting firm
 
Industry experience-former Tax Manager specializing in the entertainment and gaming practice at Arthur Andersen & Co.
 
Public company directorship experience-former director and board committee member of a public oil and gas company; former director of a management consulting company; director of MGM Growth Properties LLC
		
Source: MGM Resorts International on 04/19/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Daniel J. Taylor's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Daniel J. Taylor. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Daniel J. Taylor's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Daniel J. Taylor's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Daniel J. Taylor through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Daniel J. Taylor


















Daniel J. Taylor's Connections (86)





Sign up now to view Daniel J. Taylor's 86 connections »









Corey I. Sanders
Chief Operating Officer, MGM Resorts International









Roland A. Hernandez
Lead Independent Director, MGM Resorts International









Rose E. McKinney-James
Board Member, MGM Resorts International









William A. Nurthen
Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, ARI Network Services, Inc.









Alexis M. Herman
Board Member, Cummins Inc.









Alejandro Yemenidjian
Board Member, Guess', Inc.









Kevin K. Nanke
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Lilis Energy, Inc.









Aleron H. Larson
Former Board Member, Par Pacific Holdings, Inc.









William J. Hornbuckle
President, MGM Resorts International









A. Robert Pisano
Lead Independent Director, Resources Connection, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















John Benjamins Publishing Company













    		Sorry, this page relies on JavaScript which is not enabled in your browser. Please enable JavaScript or view the browsable version.  
    	

            loading... please wait Catalog only






















