 

-- TBCM GP, LLC's involvement in venture capital (via Delta Offshore Ii Ltd)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/212748-tbcm-gp-llc-section=people&subsection=detail&id=212748




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


--TBCM GP, LLCGet alertedif -- TBCM GP, LLC gets funded!-- TBCM GP, LLCDelta Offshore Ii Ltd - Executive OfficerDeals involving -- TBCM GP, LLC$7,482,102 raised with Delta Offshore Ii Ltd on January, 2015$7,482,102 raised with Delta Offshore Ii Ltd on November, 2014Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check -- TBCM GP, LLC on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




DELTA OFFSHORE II, LTD. - Pooled Investment Fund- Brokaw  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









DELTA OFFSHORE II, LTD.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Elian Fiduciary Services Limited 89 Nexus Way 
    Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-9007Phone: 212-201-7850 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-05


Amended


$7,482,102


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-01-13


Amended


$7,482,102


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-01-13


Amended


$7,482,102


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-11-26


New


$7,482,102


$7,482,102


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 George R. Brokaw 
 Director 


 Jonathan Roney 
 Director 


 Cormac Sheehan 
 Director 


 Tbcm Gp, Llc 
 Executive 


 Remy W. Trafelet 
 Executive 


 Trafelet & Company, Llc 
 Executive 


 Trafelet Brokaw Capital Management, L.P. 
 Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














TBC OFFSHORE LTD., BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






TBC OFFSHORE LTD.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in TBC OFFSHORE LTD..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (6) | Filings (4) | Investment rounds (4)
CIK Number: 0001595864TBC OFFSHORE LTD. is on the market less than 5 years.

TBC OFFSHORE LTD. addressC/O MORGAN STANLEY FUND SERVICES(CAYMAN) LTD., 27 HOSPITAL ROADGEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN KY1-9008Former nameFormer name of this company was TBC Offshore Ltd., date of change: 2014-01-03.
Company jurisdiction
CAYMAN ISLANDS  
  Entity type
A CAYMAN ISLANDS EXEMPTED COMPANY 
Earliest known filing
January 2014
Latest known filing
January 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
TBC OFFSHORE LTD. has 4 filings. View TBC OFFSHORE LTD. filings.
Investment RoundsTBC OFFSHORE LTD. recieved 4 investments.
PeopleWe have found 6 people related to TBC OFFSHORE LTD..
Similar companiesTBCM GP, LLC, TBCI Holdings I, LLC, TBCC Investor LLC, TBC/FMW Urban Venture LLC, TBC PRIVATE TRUST - US LARGE CAPITALIZATION CORE 130/30 EQUI, TBC Private Trust - ACWI ex-US Value Equity Fund, TBC PARTNERS LP, TBC INVESTMENTS INC, TBC II LLC, TBC I LLC, TBC Energy Holdings, LLC, TBC CORP, TBC CAPITAL STATUTORY TRUST














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about TBC OFFSHORE LTD.. 










Trafelet Brokaw Capital Management L.P. Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Trafelet Brokaw Capital Management L.P. Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.


























All Stocks Held By Trafelet Brokaw Capital Management L.P.




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


All Stocks Held By Trafelet Brokaw Capital Management L.P. | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











HODGE PODGE PRODUCTS GP, LLC - WACO, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



WACO



Gift, Novelty, and Souvenir Shop



Gift, Novelty, And Souvenir Shop



                            HODGE PODGE PRODUCTS GP, LLC
                                    



 





















H 


HODGE PODGE PRODUCTS GP, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



100 N 6TH ST STE 100 WACO, TX 76701
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $45,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Gift, Novelty, And Souvenir Shop
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Hodge Podge Products Gp, Llc has been providing Gift, Novelty, And Souvenir Shop from Waco. Hodge Podge Products Gp, Llc has estimated annual revenues of $45,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

































	Georgia-Pacific Products Overview





















Login: BUSINESS PARTNERS or EMPLOYEES


















































Products / Products Overview



Georgia-Pacific Products Overview



Today’s Georgia-Pacific is vastly different from the small lumberyard that salesman Owen Cheatham started at Augusta, Ga., in 1927.  Using $6,000 of his own money and $6,000 from investors, Cheatham purchased an existing lumberyard consisting of storage sheds and a small business office and created Georgia Hardwood Lumber Company.  The company survived the Great Depression, and ultimately became a top supplier to the U.S. Armed Forces during World War II.
Georgia-Pacific, a subsidiary of Koch Industries, is headquartered in Atlanta and employs approximately 35,000 people at more than 200 facilities worldwide.









	Away from Home


Georgia-Pacific Professional is a leading provider of hygienic dispensing systems, towels, tissues, soaps, air fresheners, wipers, cups, cutlery and napkins. We provide a range of products to market segments including office buildings, healthcare, education, manufacturing and foodservice.
Georgia-Pacific Professional


	Building and Construction


The building products business is North America's No. 1 producer of wood panels – namely plywood and oriented strand board – and is a leading producer of gypsum products and lumber. Georgia-Pacific is also a major supplier to large do-it-yourself warehouse retailers.
Georgia-Pacific Building Products


	Cellulose


Our Cellulose business is a top producer of fluff pulp used in products such as diapers and incontinence items and market pulp used for papermaking.
Georgia-Pacific Cellulose


	Chemicals


For more than 50 years, we consistently provide quality products and technical expertise.
We offer solutions for the following industries:
Adhesives - Tape, Paper, Industrial | Aerospace/Transportation/Automotive | Cleaners | Coatings | Construction & Building | Electronics | Fertilizers | Fiber-Reinforced Polymers (FRP) | Filtration | Foundry | Glass Mat | Inks | Insulation | Laminates | Metalworking | Mining | Oilfield, Gas & Offshore | Packaging | Paper | Rubber Processing | Tissue & Towel | Wood Products.
Georgia-Pacific Chemicals


	Consumer Products


With brands like Brawny®, Dixie ®, Angel Soft®, Quilted Northern® and Vanity Fair®, we are one of the world’s leading makers of tissue, including paper towels, bath tissue, napkins and facial tissue. We sell both branded and private-label products in retail and commercial markets in North America. In addition, our Dixie brand of disposable cups, plates, and cutlery is one of the most recognized brands in North America.
Visit site

	Angel Soft®

	Brawny®

	Dixie®

	Mardi Gras Napkins

	Quilted Northern®

	Sparkle®

	Vanity Fair®

Go



	Nonwovens


Georgia-Pacific’s airlaid nonwoven materials are used to enhance the quality of hygiene and personal care products, cleaning supplies, baby wipes, cloth-like napkins, towels and tissues, and disposable table cloths. We provide advanced product development and process expertise to create high-value products that meet the needs of our customers around the world. These materials, made predominantly with fluff pulp, make products strong, soft, and absorbent.
When added to product manufacturing processes, our nonwovens materials deliver softness; absorbency and fluid management, strength; dispersability and a cloth-like feel.
The Georgia-Pacific Nonwovens group provides a wide range of products to customers worldwide through manufacturing locations in North America at Green Bay, Wis., and Gaston (Mt. Holly), N.C., as well as in Europe at Steinfurt, Germany.
We also offer a number of finished products for end-users in the away-from-home market for industrial cleaning, janitorial and sanitation applications

Georgia-Pacific Professional


	Packaging


We are North America's leading suppliers of containerboard and corrugated containers. Our Color-Box™ business is the largest litho-laminate corrugated manufacturer in North America. We produce bleached board used in food service items, such as disposable cups and plates, and kraft paper used to make bags for pet food and fertilizer.
Visit site

	Bleached board

	Containerboard

	Corrugated

	Innovation Institute®

	Kraft Paper

Go



	Paper


Whether you're at home or the office, making hundreds of copies or printing a single important page, we have a high-quality, dependable paper you're sure to love.
Georgia-Pacific Paper









Back to Top
















ACME GP LLC – Quality Products



























ACME GP LLC









Shop

	Showing all 10 results


Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by average rating
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low




ACME .177 – .22 Pellet Gun Bore Cleaning Tool – Extra Soft Blue Polyurethane
$7.95
Read more

ACME .177 – .22 Pellet Gun Bore Cleaning Tool – Soft Green Nylon
$7.95
Read more

ACME .22 Bore Cable
$9.95
Read more

ACME .223 5.56 AR15 M4 Bore Cable
$9.95
Read more

ACME .45 Caliber Pistol Bore Cable
$8.95
Read more

ACME 9mm Pistol Bore Cable
$8.95
Read more

ACME GUN GREASE – AEROSHELL 64 formerly known as 33MS
$7.50
Read more

ACME GUN GREASE – AEROSHELL 64 formerly known as 33MS (2 ea)
$9.50
Read more

ACME GUN GREASE – AEROSHELL 64 formerly known as 33MS (3 ea)
$13.50
Read more

ACME RUGER 10/22 .22 Caliber Bore Cable
$9.95
Read more




Cart






































Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P.





















































                                                Home                            






                                                About                                







                                                About Us                            



                                                Mission Statement                            



                                                History                            



                                                US Locations Map                            



                                                Facilities                                






                                                Calumet Corporate Headquarters                            



                                                Calumet Burnham Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Cotton Valley Refining                            



                                                Calumet Dickinson Refining                            



                                                Calumet Karns City Refining                            



                                                Calumet Louisiana Synthetics                            



                                                Calumet Princeton Refining                            



                                                Calumet Shreveport Refining                            



                                                Calumet Montana Refining                            



                                                Calumet San Antonio Refining                            



                                                Calumet Superior Refining                            







                                                Royal Purple                            



                                                Calumet Packaging                            



                                                Calumet Duluth Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Duluth Marine Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Crookston Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Tooele Terminal                            



                                                Calumet Rhinelander Terminal                            



                                                Bel-Ray Company                            



                                                Anchor Drilling Fluids                            



                                                Calumet Specialty Oils de Mexico                            



                                                Specialty Oilfield Solutions                            







                                                Calumet Brands                                






                                                Calumet                            



                                                Anchor Drilling Fluids                            



                                                Bel Ray                            



                                                Orchex                            



                                                Penreco                            



                                                Quantum Lubricants                            



                                                Royal Purple                            



                                                Trufuel                            







                                                Government Affairs                            









                                                Products                                







                                                Calumet Product Listing                            



                                                Asphalt Products                            



                                                Base Oils & Lubricants                            



                                                Branded Products                            



                                                Calumet Packaging                            



                                                Food Grade Lubricants                            



                                                Fuels                            



                                                Industrial White Oils                            



                                                Personal Care Products                            



                                                Specialty Aliphatic Solvents                            



                                                Synthetic Lubricants                            



                                                Specialty Waxes                            









                                                Customer Service                                







                                                Transportation                            



                                                Terms and Conditions of Sale                            



                                                Purchase Order Terms and Conditions                            



                                                Customer Forms                            



                                                Contact Us                            









                                                Technical Information                                







                                                Articles & Publications                            



                                                Certifications                            



                                                Health & Safety                            



                                                Letters                            



                                                REACH                            









                                                Investor Relations                                







                                                Investor Relations App                                






                                                IR App for Android                            



                                                IR App for Apple                             







                                                Investor Overview                            



                                                Management                            



                                                Board of Directors                            



                                                Financial Reporting                            



                                                Distribution                            



                                                News Releases                            



                                                Events                            



                                                SEC Filings                            



                                                Presentations                            



                                                Corporate Governance                            



                                                K-1 Tax Information                            



                                                Request Information                            



                                                Investor Alerts                            









                                                Careers                                







                                                Current Openings                            









                                                Contact                            


 






































Visit  Personal Care Products by Penreco 
Penreco has an extensive product offering inoils serving industry from pharmaceuticals tocosmetics to plastics to food processing.























 










 
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. is a leading independent producer of high-quality, specialty hydrocarbon products. Our product lines include both naphthenic and paraffinic oils, aliphatic solvents, synthetic lubricants, asphalt, fuels, white mineral oils, waxes, petrolatums and hydrocarbon gels.
 
Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P. has one of the most diverse specialty hydrocarbon capabilities in the world.  









 












 

























