




TBG CommeREP I LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Mehere  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









TBG CommeREP I LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    229 W. 43 Rd Street, 8 Th Floor  
    New York, NY, 10036Phone: 844-943-5378 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-29


New


$265,000


$265,000


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Milind Mehere 
 Executive 


 Michael Weisz 
 Executive 












	TBG DEVELOPMENT Trademark of TBG Development, LLC. Serial Number: 75181401 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
TBG DEVELOPMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













TBG DEVELOPMENT  Trademark Information
 TBG Development, LLC
business consulting services to hospitals in the development, ownership and operation of health and fitness centers; contract management of health and fitness centers




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
business   consulting   services   hospitals   development      ownership   operation   health   fitness   centers   contract   management   health   fitness   centers    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark by TBG Development, LLC 
                                in St. Louis, , 63130.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner TBG Development, LLC of the TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 15, 1996,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TBG DEVELOPMENT by 
                        TBG Development, LLC, St. Louis 63130.
                        The USPTO has given the TBG DEVELOPMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  75181401.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for TBG DEVELOPMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            William G. Bruns of 
                                            Polster, Lieder, Woodruff & Lucchesi,  Suite 200, 12412 Powerscourt Drive St. Louis MO 63131
                                .
                            The TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TBG DEVELOPMENT 
                            is business consulting services to hospitals in the development, ownership and operation of health and fitness centers; contract management of health and fitness centers. 
                            





Word mark:
 TBG DEVELOPMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

8/28/2004



  Serial Number:  
75181401


  Filing Date:  
10/15/1996


 Registration Number:  
2115866 


 Registration Date:  
11/25/1997


 Goods and Services: 
business consulting services to hospitals in the development, ownership and operation of health and fitness centers; contract management of health and fitness centers


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/2/1997


Last Applicant/Owner:

TBG Development, LLCSt. Louis 63130
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words(50% Reduction of drawing size)


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Torches, including the Olympic Torch, blowtorches and welding torches  (Lighting, cooking, heating, cooling or refrigeration equipment.  -  Lighting equipment) see more design...


                                                    Triangles with bars, bands and lines (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Triangles that are completely or partially shaded  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                     Miscellaneous designs with overall triangular shape (Geometric figures and solids   -   Triangles) see more design...


                                                    Curved line(s), band(s) or bar(s) (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("DEVELOPMENT")


 Correspondent:


William G. Bruns
Polster, Lieder, Woodruff & Lucchesi
Suite 200
12412 Powerscourt Drive
St. Louis MO 63131





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/30/1996


First Use In Commerce: 
7/30/1996





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

8/28/2004
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



William G. Bruns


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TBG DEVELOPMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search tbgdevelopment on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TBG DEVELOPMENT 




TBG DEVELOPMENT is providing business consulting services to hospitals in the development, ownership and operation of health and fitness centers; contract management of health and fitness centers.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













TBG CommeREP I LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











TBG CommeREP I LLC
List of persons related to the company TBG CommeREP I LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of TBG CommeREP I LLC.

CIK Number: 0001693363Company address: 229 W. 43RD STREET, 8TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10036Phone number: 844-943-5378



People related to TBG CommeREP I LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryWeisz  Michael229 W. 43rd Street, 8th Floor New YorkNYMehere  Milind229 W. 43rd Street, 8th Floor New YorkNY




TBG CommeREP I LLC on the Web
Related companiesTBG Institutional Series, a series of The Frontier Fund, TBG INVESTMENT PARTNERS, LLLP, TBG Investors, LLC, TBG Partners, LP












 

















TBG Networks LLC - The Greater Brookfield Chamber of Commerce
























































  


CONTACT USJOINMEMBER LOGINJOBS
 



 


 













 



 

 





TBG Networks LLC



Share:
 
 
 
 
 
 












TBG Networks LLC





10125 W. North Ave.
Wauwatosa, WI 53226
(414) 921-5221








Rep Info
Map







Whom to Contact



 

Toomas  Mitt

10125 W. North Ave.
Wauwatosa, WI 53226


Phone:
(414) 921-5221












What's Nearby?





Distance:
5
10
15
20
25
50

mi.




































 





 

 



Upcoming Events



View All Events
 





 


 




 




 


 


 







 


 


 


 


 




 


 


 


 


 













 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















TPG | Leading Global Private Investment Firm








      Skip to main content
    









Quick Search


Search





















  Our Story


Incubated in a family office, started and headquartered in Fort Worth and San Francisco, TPG now has more than $73 billion under management with investment and operational teams in 16 offices around the world.



Click Here










 Fortune on The Rise Fund & TPG Growth's Investment in EverFi 


Read the Article














 Photo Essay: Janalakshmi Financial Services


Read the Photo Essay














 Internet & Digital Media


 Video: Cirque du Soleil's Daniel Lamarre Discusses Acquisition of Blue Man Group


Read the Article on CNBC














 Privcap Deal Story: Why TPG "Clicked" with EnvisionRx


Read the Story














 Bloomberg Highlights TPG's Successful Healthcare Strategy


Read the Article
























Management | TBG Holdings, Inc.



















































[login_register]


ACCREDITED INVESTOR SIGNUP
NON-ACCREDITED INFO SIGNUP


 





Home

About Us

Partners & Services



Services

Portfolio

TBG News

Become A Client



Financing

Shareholders

What Is An Accredited Investor?

Accredited Investor Registration

Receive More Information

Instructions



Contact























MANAGEMENT
HISTORY
FAQs



Our Team
Neil Swartz, CPA – Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Swartz combines extensive entrepreneurial and capital recruitment experience to provide clients with uniquely effective funding options. His range of expertise includes a wide array of financing, deal structuring and exit strategy assignment.
Mr. Swartz’ firsthand knowledge in a variety of established and effective business strategies provide clients with a unique advisory service. Mr. Swartz’s additional business experience includes titles as Managing Director of Sunbelt South East Florida, LLC, a Business Brokerage of Mergers and Acquisitions firm with 350 offices worldwide. Prior to those events, Mr. Swartz was chairman and CEO of a software company, which he took public on the NASDAQ Small Cap Market, and built from 1 product to over 30 with in-house manufacturing capabilities.
Mr. Swartz is a CPA and received a BS degree from Northeastern University in accounting. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Pennsylvania Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Tim Hart, CPA – Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Hart has over thirty years of vast accounting and finance experience, including 10 years with KPMG, one the worlds largest international public accounting firms. Most recently,
Mr. Hart expanded his private practice to form R3 Accounting LLC. and has extensive experience dealing with SEC and other regulatory matters, such as initial and secondary public offerings, private placements, formulating responses to various SEC inquiries, compliance with SEC reporting requirements (Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K), dealing with banks, private investors and investment bankers in obtaining debt and/or equity financing, and appearing before the IRS representing clients on IRS audits. He also has widespread experience with mergers and acquisitions, including transactional documentation. back and front office systems implementations for small to medium sized businesses, business consulting with small public and private companies and their executives and various other accounting, finance and tax services.
Mr. Hart holds a bachelors degree in Accountancy, Economics and Business Administration from Thomas More College, and has been a certified public accountant since 1984. He is also former Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce for Oakland Park/Wilton Manor.




















 


 




 


 


















 LEGAL STATEMENT: The information provided on this site or in any communication containing a link to this site is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject TBG or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Neither the information, nor any opinion contained in this site constitutes a solicitation or offer by TBG or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.
 

 







Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Contact UsCopyright ©TBG Holdings 2017. All Rights Reserved. 

















