Home  HomeAdministrative Services AboutContactCustomer Login   Message: *  Or, call us at : 305-461-6090    Contact Us:     Our Group of Funds Through our affiliate (TCG Administrative Services), TCG Financial provides administrative services to the TCG family of SEC registered Money Market Funds which are designed to provide current safety of principal, income, stability and convenient access to your money.Capital Preservation ​Our goal is to provide our clients with a balance of current income while preserving our shareholder's principal investment by investing exclusively in high quality, short term securities that are issued by or guaranteed by the U.S. government, as well as FDIC-insured bank deposits (up to $250,000 per bank/per fund).   Name: *   Email: *Check here to receive email updates   Thank you for contacting us! If needed, you will hear back within 48-72 hours.    Subject: *      TCG Financial Services LLC ,   is a  U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission  registered Investment Advisor located in Miami, FL that specializes in the management of short term fixed income investments.We  are owned and led by family, and we have over 40 years in  fixed income expertise.  TCG Financial Services     Copyright © TCG Financial Services LLC      View on Mobile














Tcg Financial Series Trust X in Coral Gables, FL - (305) 461-6090





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Tcg Financial Series Trust X

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Tcg Financial Series Trust X



2525 Ponce De Leon Blvd
Coral Gables, FL 33134






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        305-461-6090
                    



Website:

www.tcg-financial.com







There are 

115
                Companies located at 2525 Ponce De Leon Blvd, Coral Gables, FL 33134
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Tcg Financial Series Trust X is located in Coral Gables, Florida. This organization primarily operates in the Trusts, nec business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Tcg Financial Series Trust X is estimated to generate $81,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Trusts, nec



Industry:

Trusts, nec




SIC Code:

6733











Name:
Tcg Financial Series Trust X


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 81,000



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 33134






Percentage Population



35,484
White
28,119
Hispanic
838
Black
613
Asian
102
Native American
15
Hawaiian
1,104
Other


94.7 %
White
75.1 %
Hispanic
2.2 %
Black
1.6 %
Asian
0.3 %
Native American
0.0 %
Hawaiian
2.9 %
Other













Population




Population 
37,456




Female53.4%19,990


Male46.6%17,466




Median Age

43.1




Female44.6


Male41.5






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Tcg Financial Series Trust X?





Tcg Financial Series Trust X has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Tcg Financial Series Trust X?





You can contact Tcg Financial Series Trust X at (305) 461-6090







How long has Tcg Financial Series Trust X been in business?





Tcg Financial Series Trust X has been in business for approximately 3 years.









What is the internet address for Tcg Financial Series Trust X?





The website (URL) for Tcg Financial Series Trust X is www.tcg-financial.com.







What are the annual sales for Tcg Financial Series Trust X?





Tcg Financial Series Trust X generates approximately $81,000 in annual sales.







What is the phone number for Tcg Financial Series Trust X?





The phone number for Tcg Financial Series Trust X is (305) 461-6090







Where is Tcg Financial Series Trust X located?





Tcg Financial Series Trust X is located at 2525 Ponce De Leon Blvd, Coral Gables, FL 33134.







How big is Tcg Financial Series Trust X?





Tcg Financial Series Trust X is estimated to generate $81,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







Are there other companies located at 2525 Ponce De Leon Blvd, Coral Gables, FL?





There are 115 commercial tenants at 2525 Ponce De Leon Blvd, Coral Gables, FL.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 33134






Average House Value


                                $ 404,400
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 52,417
                            



Number of Households

15,770



Persons per Household

2.37













Number of Businesses

7,109



Number of Employees

28,581



Land Area (square miles)

5.209



Water Area (square miles)

0.013



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























Catalyst Funds Acquires TCG Financial Series Trust Money Funds | FINalternatives






























 




Friday, 28 July 2017
Last updated 36 min ago










Send us News Tips!







 








HomepageAbout UsDirectoryEventsConferencesWebinarsCharity EventsJobsAdvertiseFuturesHard AssetsFINtech 



The Daily Alpha
Hedge Funds
Private Equity
Liquid Alts.
People Moves
Regulation
Halls of Justice
Institutional
Tech & Services
Indices
In Depth
Contributors
Lifestyle







Catalyst Funds Acquires TCG Financial Series Trust Money Funds
Sep 11 2015  |  5:59pm ET

Liquid alternative mutual fund specialist Catalyst Funds has acquired the TCG Financial Series Trust funds, a group of 10 alternative money market funds that invest primarily in bank deposits.
The TCG funds generally offer a higher yield than traditional money market funds, as well as FDIC insurance for the funds’ investors. They will initially only be offered to institutional investors.
Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed. 
“These money market funds offer our investors, including our own Catalyst Funds, the potential for above-market yields with the added protection of FDIC insurance,” noted Jerry Szilagyi, CEO of Catalyst Funds, in a statement. “They are consistent with our philosophy of offering ‘intelligent alternative’ investment products.”
Catalyst offers a range of strategies and liquid alternative products in mutual fund form with the goal of producing income and equity-oriented returns while seeking to control risk and volatility. 
The company’s 25 distinctive funds, including three hedge funds that were converted into mutual fund products, encompass a wide spectrum of investment approaches including dynamic equity, hedged strategies, alternative income and global equity. The Huntington, NY-based firm has more than $2 billion in assets under management.






 E-mail This

 Print This

 Order Reprints

 Twitter

 LinkedIn

 Facebook.







Related Links

Catalyst Launches Macro Mutual FundCatalyst Crests $2B in AUM as Liquid Alt Assets Grow 100% YoYCatalyst Converts Auctos Managed Futures Hedge Fund Into Mutual FundCatalyst Funds To Acquire Exceed Defined Shield FundCatalyst Launches 4 Alt Mutual Funds, Including Activist Strategy







< Previous Article 

Next Article > 


 


More News
Apollo Sets Record With $24.6B Capital Raise For New PE FundCiti Private Bank's Bailin Promoted To Global Head Of InvestmentsAckman's Pershing Square Said To Take Stake In ADPPartners Group Raises €6B For Direct Private Equity ProgramCerberus Takes 5% Stake in Germany's CommerzbankYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundYellow Wood Raises $370M For Oversubscribed Second FundLiquidityBook Names Ex-Twitter Exec Carroll To Chief Architect PostNeuberger Berman Raises $450M For CLO Risk Retention PoolPreqin: Investors In Asia Pacific Increase Hedge Fund AllocationsOCIO Specialist Hirtle Callaghan Taps Evans For Client EngagementThird Point Said To Gain 4.6% In Q2, Add Alibaba And BlackRock To PortfolioCommonWealth Opportunity Said To Close As Fisher Joins SorosHedge Fund Holdings of Puerto Rico COFINA Debt Revealed In Court FilingNuveen Appoints UBS's Van Etten As Multi-Asset CIO 



In DepthAIMA: Smaller Firms Remain the Lifeblood of the Hedge Fund IndustryJul 26 2017  |  5:55pm ETIt is a hedge fund industry truism that the largest managers receive the most attention...LifestyleCFA Institute To Add Computer Science To Exam CurriculumMay 24 2017  |  9:25pm ETStarting in 2019, financial industry executives sitting for the coveted Chartered...Guest ContributorRastegar: PE Real Estate Gains Momentum as Uncertainty RisesJul 21 2017  |  6:04pm ETThe steady march of equity markets and fundamental shift in the direction of Fed...  





FINalternatives Trending


 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

 Ex-Weiss, UBS Execs Prepping Launch of New Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund   

 Melkman's Light Sky Macro Said To Be Backed By Hedge Fund Giants   

more >>FINalternatives Most Popular


 The Future of Private Equity: New Opportunities, New Challenges   

 Former MSD Capital Analyst Convicted Of Insider Trading   

 Och-Ziff Capital Management Suffers $13B in Redemptions In Past 13 Months   

 Night Square Capital Partners Said To Close As Founders Join Citadel   

 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

more >>more >>



From the current issue of
  
 




 Beyond the tear sheet: War stories from the front lines of hedge fund due diligence 
 Investing in private partnership structures such as hedge funds, private equity and private real estate can be a fruitful and exciting endeavor, especially when venturing into asset classes that lack competition and efficiency. An important qualification to remember when beginning due diligence on a partnership is that no investment is perfect. Each one has its own risks, however esoteric or idiosyncratic, and risks change over time, as do the operations and other intricacies of investment management.   

 
 See more select articles from MODERN TRADER >>
View past issues of MODERN TRADER>>
Subscribe to the magazine >>
 

Hard Assets Trending


 Crude stocks may have snapped six-week build streak  

 Danger in bank accounts  

 Oil prices rise after report shows drop in U.S. stocks  

 Vanadium Batteries to power $27 billion off-grid energy market  

 Gold experiencing corrective setback  

more >>Futures Trending


 To scalp or swing trade? That is the question  

 Top 20 largest gold reserves by country (2014 Edition)  

 Understanding volatility term structure  

 10 rules of technical trading  

 5 advantages of commodity vs. equity options  

more >>



Upcoming Events

Total Alts 2017The 2nd Annual Evidence-Based Investing Conference



 












Subscribe



Follow



Magazine



 







FUTURES Magazine
Commodities
ETFs
Financials
Forex
Managed Funds
Market Analysis
News
Options
Regulation
Technology
Trading Strategies
Education
FUTURES Op-Ed

Futures


Favorites

Alpha Pages Editorial
FUTURES Magazine
Slideshows & Lists

Special Topics

Alpha Hunters
Bad Boys
High-Frequency Trading
Trader's Life
Trading Strategies





Trading Floor

Market Data
Hot Charts
Interactive Charts
LIVE S&P SQUAWK New!
Trading Calendar



FINalternatives


Hard Assets

Home
Base Metals
Precious Metals
Rare Earth Metals
Commodities
Mining Investments



The Alpha Pages


Alpha TV


All +


Follow Us +

FUTURES Magazine
Newsletters
Facebook
Google+
Linkedin
Twitter
RSS Feeds



About Us +

About
Advertise
Contact
Contribute
Privacy Policy






               ! 
            




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Catalyst Funds - Catalyst Acquires TCG Financial Series Trust Money Funds


























 








HomeOverviewProductsLiterature and FormsInvestment ManagersSpotlightsNewsContact| Financial Professionals >




















Latest Posts


Catalyst Funds Names New Chief Risk Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Expands Risk Team
Catalyst Funds to Acquire Exceed Defined Shield Fund
Catalyst/Millburn Hedge Strategy Fund (MBXIX) Wins 2017 Mutual Fund Industry Award for  "Alternative Product of the Year"
Catalyst Dynamic Alpha Fund (CPEAX) Wins 2017 Lipper Fund Award for Best Multi-Cap Growth  Fund over 3 Years.
Catalyst/Millburn Hedge Strategy Fund (MBXIX) Nominated for "Alternative Product of the Year"



Archive


July 2017 (1)
June 2017 (1)
April 2017 (1)
March 2017 (3)
January 2017 (1)
April 2016 (1)
March 2016 (1)
October 2015 (1)
September 2015 (2)
August 2015 (1)
July 2015 (1)
May 2015 (1)
March 2015 (1)
November 2014 (2)
July 2014 (1)
December 2013 (1)
September 2013 (1)
August 2013 (1)
January 2013 (1)




subscribe



















Catalyst Acquires TCG Financial Series Trust Money Funds
Wednesday, 09 September 2015

Huntington, NY – September 9, 2015 - Catalyst Funds, an alternative-focused mutual fund company, today announced the acquisition of the TCG Financial Series Trust funds, a group of 10 “alternative” money market funds. The funds invest primarily in FDIC insured bank deposits and U.S. Government securities offering a higher yield than traditional money market funds. The funds will initially only be offered to institutional investors.
“These money market funds offer our investors, including our own Catalyst Funds, the potential for above market yields” commented Jerry Szilagyi, CEO of Catalyst Funds. “The funds are consistent with our philosophy of offering ‘intelligent alternative’ investment products.”
Catalyst offers a range of strategies and liquid alternative products in mutual fund form. The Catalyst family of funds encompasses a wide spectrum of investment approaches, including: dynamic equity, hedged strategies, alternative income and global equity. The company currently offers 25 distinctive funds including three hedge funds that Catalyst has converted into mutual fund products, the most recent being the Catalyst/Auctos Multi-Strategy Fund (ACXIX).
To learn more about Catalyst Funds and its various products, please visit: www.catalystmf.com.
About Catalyst Funds
Catalyst Funds currently offers 25 distinctive funds that provide various strategies with the goal of producing income- and equity-oriented returns while seeking to control risk and volatility. Catalyst offers these exclusive strategies through a team of in-house portfolio managers and boutique institutional investment management partners. The firm strives to provide innovative strategies to support financial advisors and their clients in meeting the investment challenges of an ever changing global market environment.
There is no assurance that any Fund will achieve its investment objective. Mutual Funds involve risk including the possible loss of principal.
Please consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges carefully before investing. This and other important information about the Catalyst Funds can be found in the Fund's current prospectus, which may be obtained by calling your Financial Advisor or shareholder services at 866-447-4228. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. The Catalyst Funds are distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC, member FINRA/SIPC. 4622-NLD-9/9/2015


Posted by:  AT 09:25 am  
|  Permalink
  |  Email






Tweet






















Home Overview Products Literature and Forms Investment Managers Spotlights News Contact | Financial Professionals > 








Catalyst Funds | 36 New York Avenue Floor 2, Huntington, NY 11743 | Phone: 646-827-2761 | Email: info@catalystmutualfunds.com






Catalyst Funds c/o Gemini Funds | PO Box 541150 Omaha, NE 68154-1150 | Phone: 866-447-4228 | Email: info@catalystmutualfunds.com







An investor should consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing or sending money. This and other important information about the Catalyst Funds can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which can be obtained by calling 1-866-447-4228. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. The Catalyst Funds are distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC., Member FINRA/SIPC. 4485-NLD-5/24/2017




Social Media Policy


Site Powered By    BizStudio Site Manager    Online web site designcontent-material









﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 






TCG FINANCIAL SERIES TRUST X Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TCG FINANCIAL SERIES TRUST X
                    

•   HUNTINGTON, NY
                          • Trust
                          • Mutual Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             TCG Financial Series Trust X is based out of Huntington.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TCG FINANCIAL SERIES TRUST X, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




tcg financial series trust x


36 NORTH NEW YORK AVENUE

HUNTINGTON
NY
                                                        
                                                    11743


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      631-629-4753







Recent SEC Filings




N-MFP2 filed on 07/07/2017
N-Q/A filed on 06/09/2017
N-MFP2 filed on 06/07/2017
N-Q filed on 05/30/2017
N-MFP2 filed on 05/05/2017
N-MFP2 filed on 04/06/2017
N-CSRS filed on 03/13/2017
N-MFP2 filed on 03/03/2017
NSAR-A filed on 03/01/2017
40-17G/A filed on 02/06/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















