


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











  TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc. Introduces the TD Private
Diversified Canadian Equity








































FR























×
Member Sign In


Online Member Centre

Cision Communications Cloud

Cision PR Edition

CisionPoint

MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation

Visible Intelligence

FastFinder

My CNW

CNW Access

Register for my CNW



Close










×
Search




Search



 Go !








 Advanced Search 


 Close 

















 See more news releases in      Banking & Financial Services  New Products & Services  

TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc. Introduces the TD PrivateDiversified Canadian Equity Fund
			  



























































 
















TORONTO, Nov. 30 /CNW/ - TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc.
 ("TDW PIC"), a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank, announced today
 the launch of the new TD Private Diversified Canadian Equity Fund (the
 "Fund").  Available exclusively through TDW PIC, the Fund is managed by
 John Kustec, Managing Director, TD Harbour Capital, a division of TD
 Asset Management Inc.


The investment objective of the Fund is to achieve long-term capital
 appreciation by having a majority of the Fund's assets invested in, or
 providing exposure to, equity securities issued by Canadian
 corporations. The Fund may also invest in Canadian-issued money market
 securities and bonds, and in commodities, as well as in units of other
 investment funds.


"These features make this Fund unique in the marketplace and could be
 effective in these uncertain markets.  This value-style Fund offers our
 clients an investment to potentially grow while aiming to proactively
 defend a client's portfolio," said Dave Kelly, Senior Vice President,
 TDW PIC.


The Fund is sold via an offering circular and is available to accredited
 investors of TDW PIC.  For more detailed information about the Fund,
 including its risks, please see the Fund's offering documents.


About TD Asset Management Inc.
TD Asset Management Inc. is one of Canada's largest investment
 management firms, with leading market positions in active, enhanced and
 indexed portfolio management. It is a fully integrated investment
 management business that offers its clients a wide range of investment
 options, including mutual funds, pooled investment funds and segregated
 investment accounts. As of September 30, 2010, TD Asset Management Inc.
 and its affiliates had over C$181.1 billion in assets under management
 for pension, insurance, endowment/foundation and corporate clients, as
 well as for high-net worth clients and retail mutual funds.


About TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc.
TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc. is Canada's largest
 private client money management firm. Its extensive network of
 professional portfolio managers provide discretionary investment
 management services to high net worth individuals and their families,
 small and mid-size corporations, charitable organizations and
 foundations, and executors and trustees from coast to coast.

 SOURCE TD Waterhouse Group, Inc.  For further information:  For further information: or media inquiries, please contact: Ali Duncan Martin, TD Bank Financial Group, 416-983-4412, Ali.DuncanMartin@td.com







  Release contains wide tables.
					  View fullscreen.
			




 Organization Profile








TD Waterhouse Group, Inc.
 More on this organization






TD Bank Group




TD Bank Group to Issue NVCC Subordinated Debentures


TD Bank Group Comments on Expected Impact of TD Ameritrade Holding Corp.'s Third Quarter Earnings


TD Canada Trust announces change to prime lending rate

 More on this organization
 







Custom Packages
Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs.
Start today.




CNW Membership
Fill out a CNW membership form or contact us at 1 (877) 269-7890




Learn about CNW services
Request more information about CNW products and services or call us at 1 (877) 269-7890






















































TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc. - PMAC



TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc. - PMAC
























































Skip to content

















for investors









View Firm Profile
Back to search








TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc.


Address

								79 Wellington Street West, Suite 900																                                    
									Toronto ,
									Ontario									M5K 1A2
								
								                                    
									(416) 983 - 1020								
								
								                                    
                                    Toll Free:
									(866) 280 - 2022								                                

									TD.PrivateInvestmentCounsel@td.com                                


									www.tdwaterhouse.ca/pcs/pic                                

Principal Contacts

									Kevin Shubley                                    
									Vice President                                    
								
								                                    Tel: (416) 983 - 1020																	
								                                    

										Kevin.Shubley@td.com                                    

									Cathy Barrett                                    
									Senior Manager                                    
								
								                                    Tel: (416) 307 - 8306																	
								                                    

										Cathy.Barrett@td.com                                    
Client Minimums

																
																	Private: $1,000,000								                            
							Institutional: $1,000,000
							                            
Types of Accounts Managed

Private Individual / Investor
Institutional Investor - Pension Plan
Institutional Investor - Non-Profit
Institutional Investor - First Nations
Institutional Investor - Other

Provinces of Business

Alberta*
British Columbia*
Manitoba*
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia*
Ontario*
Prince Edward Island
Quebec*
Saskatchewan*
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Yukon

* indicates a physical location in this province



Firm Overview
For over two decades, TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel Inc. has been trusted to provide the highest level of personalized service to high net worth and ultra high net worth clients and their families. We manage over $16 billion in assets for individuals, families, estates and trusts, charitable and business organizations, and Aboriginal communities.
Founded in 1991, TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel is an affiliate of The Toronto-Dominion Bank (“TD”), rated the safest bank in Canada by Global Finance magazine1, and has access to vast investment and analytical resources, including TD Asset Management Inc., Canada’s #1 Money Manager2.
Investment Philosophy
We believe managing wealth can be complex, on both a personal and financial level. The management of wealth is deeply personal and decisions are driven by individual values and goals. The successful management of wealth can be accomplished by working in partnership with our clients and creating a meaningful wealth strategy that is informed by a highly integrated and specialized team of experts.
We create customized strategies to help meet your unique objectives and goals. We feature multi-style equity investments and fixed income solutions which seek to achieve the fine balance between higher yields and lower credit risks. To complement the strength of our internal investment management expertise, we may also engage external experts who offer further insight on specialized markets. With a rich and comprehensive selection of investment solutions, we are able to truly personalize a strategy based on an understanding of your unique needs.
Wealth Management Expertise
Central to our approach is gaining a deep understanding of you and your goals. We develop a picture of your current situation, values, beliefs and the specific milestones that are most important to you through our discovery process. We build on our investment management services by providing exclusive access to the full resources of TD Waterhouse Private Client Services. With your permission, you will have guidance and recommendations from a team of experienced professionals specializing in private banking, tax planning & preparations, custom credit solutions, high-net worth planning, business succession, trust services, executor services, philanthropic planning, insurance and investment management.
Client Communication and Reporting
TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel provides all clients with an account statement at least quarterly.  This statement will report account balances and outline transactions that have taken place throughout the reporting period. Easy and convenient access to portfolio information is available through our online TD Waterhouse WebBroker platform, seven days a week, 24 hours a day.
We pride ourselves on maintaining close relationships with our clients through meaningful touch points.  The true frequency of these communications is flexible and best established in consultation with you so as to meet your needs.
As a client of TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel, you will receive Investment Outlook, aquarterly newsletter providing information on investment strategies as well as insights into recent economic and capital market developments.  From time to time, topic papers on major changes in the economy that affect our clients are published by our team of leading economists and distributed to clients.
 
Please click here to locate your closest TD Waterhouse Private Investment Counsel office. We would be happy to answer any questions and discuss how we can meet your wealth management needs.
 
TD WaterhousePrivate Investment Counsel Inc. is a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank.
1 – Cunningham, Andrew. (2012, April). World’s Safest Banks Midyear Update. Global Finance. Retrieved May 2012, www.gfmag.com.
2 – TD Asset Management Inc. was ranked the #1 Money Manager — for the second consecutive year — with Total Canadian Pension Assets of $56,509 million in the 2011 Top 40 Money Managers Report by Benefits Canada, November 2011.



















