

Find Printable & Online Financial Forms | TIAA































Skip to main content










SupportTransactions & informationManage your accounts, complete your transaction request online and get other information
Common transactionsChoose from the most common transactions 
Move funds into your employer-sponsored plan at TIAAUse this request to move funds from your other financial company into your employer-sponsored plans at TIAA.


Move funds




Move funds into a new or existing IRA at TIAAMake a separate request for each investment company you're transferring or rolling over from.


Move funds




Transfer assets into your TIAA brokerage accountOnly use this request to transfer assets into your TIAA Brokerage account(s). Complete a separate request for each account you are transferring assets from.


Set up transfer




Authorize others to discuss your accounts with a TIAA representativeAuthorization allows another person or organization to discuss your accounts, receive information, view information or via download, and act on your behalf.


Make authorization




Update a name on your accountSubmit supporting documentation of marriage, divorce, adoption, court order or other reason for name change with your request.


Update name




Update your TIAA account beneficiariesChange, add, or remove the beneficiaries on your TIAA account(s).


Update Beneficiaries




Distribute funds from your TIAA brokerage IRA Take a Required Minimum Distribution (RMD) or an early withdrawal from your TIAA Brokerage IRA.


Make distribution




Find by categoriesFind transactions & information by categoryOpen an accountApply to various accountsMove money inRollovers, contributions and transfersUpdate beneficiariesChange, add or remove your beneficiariesManage your moneyAccount management and investment informationTake money outLoans, withdrawals, payouts, retirement income and distributionsFind tax informationFederal reporting, state reporting and withholding




Phone Directory: Contact Us | TIAA































Skip to main content














contact us

							TIAA phone directory
							
Search our phone directory by keyword or browse by category.
						



Hit enter to search



search our directory









Search Result




















	    					phone numbers
	    				

	      					Find a specific TIAA number
	      				







				              TIAA's main phone numbers











General numberWeekdays, 8 a.m.-10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m.-6 p.m. (ET)Automated service available 24/7





800-842-2252













Para españolDias de semana 8 a.m.-8 p.m. (ET)Sabado 9 a.m.-6 p.m. (ET)





800-842-2252opción 9













FaxWhat can I request by fax? 


If your correspondence includes any of these, please use our mailing address:  Distribution requests greater than $50,000 Transfer payout annuity Minimum distribution Beneficiary designation form






close window






 





800-914-8922













If you use a telecommunications service or TDD





800-842-2755














Plan administrators			        
						Weekdays, 8 a.m.-5 p.m. (ET) 



888-842-7782




Individual Advisory Services 			        
						Weekdays, 8 a.m.-10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m.-6 p.m. (ET)



866-842-3519












				              Retirement plans











General questions or serviceWeekdays, 8 a.m.–10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) 





800-842-2252













Employer-SponsoredPlan Enrollment Weekdays, 8 a.m.–10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) 





800-842-2888













IRAsWeekdays, 8 a.m.–7 p.m. (ET)





844 TIAA-IRA (844-842-2472)













Emeriti retirement healthcare plansWeekdays, 9 a.m.–5:30 p.m. (ET) 





866 EMERITI (866-363-7484)













BeneficiariesWeekdays, 8 a.m.–7 p.m. (ET) 





888-380-6428













TIAA retirement healthcare plansWeekdays, 8 a.m.–10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) 





877-554-1004














				              Other investment accounts











Brokerage ServicesWeekdays, 8 a.m.–7 p.m. (ET) 





800-927-3059













Mutual funds (retail class)Weekdays, 8 a.m.–10 p.m. (ET) 





800-223-1200













After-tax annuities (for existing contracts)Weekdays, 8 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) 





800-223-1200













After-tax annuities (for new accounts and information)Weekdays, 8 a.m.–8 p.m. (ET) 





877-825-0411













529 college savings accountsWeekdays, 8 a.m.–8 p.m. (ET) 





888-381-8283













Nuveen investments





800-752-8700













AARP college savings solutions from TIAAWeekdays, 8 a.m.–8 p.m. (ET) 





866-717-9452














				              Life insurance











For an existing policyWeekdays,  8 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) 





877-694-0305













For information or to apply for a new policyWeekdays,  8 a.m.–8 p.m. (ET) 





877-825-0411













Proceeds Plus (general service)Weekdays, 8 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) 





800-223-1200













Proceeds Plus (Northern Trust)Weekdays, 8:30 a.m.–7 p.m. (ET) 





800-343-2551














				              TIAA Direct®











Checking, savings and CDsWeekdays, 8 a.m.–8 p.m. (ET)Saturday – Sunday, 9 a.m.–6 p.m. (ET) For lost or stolen cards, or if you think you’re the victim of ID theft, please call us 24/7 and press 5 after the prompt.





855-842-2372













Calling TIAA Direct from abroad





215-842-2372













TIAA Direct ® Home loans and linesWeekdays, 8:30 a.m.–8 p.m. (ET)





844-248-2360













 Call toll-free from abroadLet us know how we can help.Instructions
 TIAA Charitable® Make the most of your charitable giving.Contact info         contact tiaa charitable  Close        						      				How to contact TIAA Charitable®       						Phone				 800-392-4420Weekdays, 8 a.m.-10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m.-6 p.m. (ET)  						Address				 TIAA Charitable8910 Purdue Rd., Suite 500Indianapolis, IN 46268  						Fax				 877-736-4620        

 

TIAA Charitable is the brand name for an independent public charity that maintains a donor-advised fund program. The TIAA name is a registered mark of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and is used by TIAA Charitable pursuant to a license. 




Frequently Asked Questions | TIAA































Skip to main content














Support

FAQs

Search our FAQ library or browse by topic.
						



Hit enter to search



Find an answer 









Search Result















FAQ TopicsSelect an FAQ topic to get startedTax InformationAnnual Tax FormsTax Withholding InformationAdditional Tax Questions


Your TIAA accounteDeliveryPortfolio summary chartsPayment summaryPersonal rate of returnAccount details360° Financial ViewAdvice & information


Navigating your online accountYour TIAA accounts  Your portfolioYour contributionsUpdate or unlock your accountQuickenPayments & withdrawalsDocuments & research


Technical helpUsing QuickenComputer requirementsTroubleshooting


TransactionsLoansWithdrawalsTIAA accountsTransactions and taxesRetirement and divorceRequired Minimum Distributions (RMD)


FormsTaking money outMoving money inAccount formsBeneficiariesIRS Form 5498










Online help
Other options


Calling us

800-842-2252Weekdays, 8 am-10 pm (ET)
Saturdays, 9 am-6 pm (ET)

View directory


Sending a message

					How can we help you?
						
				
Send a message


Schedule a call

					Let us know when you want us to call.
						
				
Schedule a call






189590




Your Security Is Our Priority | TIAA































Skip to main content










Your security is our priorityTIAA protects your information and your financial accounts.


												your information
										  

 TIAA protects your personal information
We combine technology, people and processes to protect customers and their personal information. Read our privacy notice for additional details.TIAA will always: Protect your confidentiality Defend against anticipated threats Protect against unauthorized access Adhere to all state and federal regulations 





												your accounts
										  

												How TIAA protects your accounts
										  
We go to great lengths to protect your TIAA account from unauthorized access.
												




learn more

TIPS
					How to protect your own information
         			There are smart ways to look out for yourself whenever you go online.
					 

Think before you click
       		Avoid suspicious and malicious emails.
			
TIPS & INFO

 





email

Close








						      				How to recognize email scams
						      			



PhishingPhishing scams typically involve an email, text message, or phone call. The sender may begin with a request for help and ask for specific information like credit card numbers, Social Security numbers, user IDs and passwords, etc. They might also try to convince you to click a link that installs malicious software or to make a wire transfer. TIAA will never ask for personal information through an unsolicited email.Signs of a scam Messages that threaten to terminate or suspend your account if you don’t respond Unsolicited emails asking for personal or financial informationIf it’s asking for personal information or it sounds too good to be true, steer clear. Attachments or links to unfamiliar sites Get-rich-quick investment opportunities A check or request for wire transfer        from an unknown person If it’s asking for personal information or it sounds too good to be true, steer clear.What you can doHere’s how to protect yourself from an email scam: Never email your personal or financial information from an unsolicited email Never reply to or click on links within an email that asks for personal or financial information Do not click on links or open attachments from unknown or unexpected senders Use and update anti-virus software on all of your personal devices Never wire money to someone you haven’t met in person Scrutinize your monthly statements for suspicious and unauthorized activity  




  

Watch for fraud
       		Recognize telltale signs.
			
TIPS & INFO

 





FRAUD

Close








						      				Recognize different kinds of fraud
						      			



Identity theftSigns of identity theft Unexpected entries on your credit reports, including new accounts or inaccurate personal information like your Social Security number or address linked to your credit report Calls or letters from debt collectors about something you didn’t buy or accounts you didn’t open Not receiving regular bills and statements Being denied credit or being offered a high interest rate for no apparent reason         What you can do to fight identity theft Never email or mail your personal or financial information to someone (or some company) you don’t know Don’t write down passwords or use passwords that are easy to guess like birthdays and names of family members Memorize your Social Security number rather than carry it on a card in your purse or wallet Shred ATM and credit card receipts and documents with personal information Follow up with creditors if bills or statements don’t arrive on time or contain unknown charges Regularly obtain copies of your credit reports (you can annually get these for free) and review them for accuracy Consider using your voice as your password with voice biometricsFraudulent mobile appsSigns of suspicious apps Unknown, unreliable authors Small number of very short and generic reviews Poor grammar, misspellings, logo and other graphics with "mistakes" in app descriptions Excessive amount of required access to your device How to avoid fraudulent apps Install the free and official TIAA mobile app Never install untrusted mobile applications Always check user ratings and reviews in the official app store Immediately uninstall malfunctioning and malicious apps Fraudulent phone callsSigns of a fraudulent phone call Hidden caller ID An unknown caller who knows your personal or account information A caller who addresses you as "account holder" or "customer" and not by your name Being directed to call another number or proceed to a website to update, verify, activate or reactivate your account How to respond  If you suspect a fraudulent TIAA phone call, you can always call 800-842-2252 to verify that TIAA is in fact calling you Never provide account or personal information over the phone unless you initiated the contact or have verified the company or caller Don't hesitate to ask questions Consider returning the caller’s request using the company’s number on their official website or paper statement 




  

Don’t overshare
       		Use social networks wisely.
			
TIPS & INFO

 





social networks

Close








						      				Use social networks wisely
						      			



Risks of oversharing and exposing personal information Social network profiles are often public. Criminals use search engines to research their victims, leveraging publicly available data. With enough personal information, criminals can establish trust with a victim and convince them that they are legitimate contacts. Hackers attempt to guess account passwords by using publicly identifiable information like your birthdate or the names of children and pets. Location information may be inadvertently shared publicly, leaving your home at risk.         How to secure your digital footprint Create strong and unique passwords for every account. Do not use your birthdate, anniversary, Social Security number or any other easily identifiable personal information in your password. Do not share the answers to common security questions on social media. Limit audiences wherever possible. Change your privacy settings to ensure only trusted contacts can access personal information like photographs, posts and identifiable data. Turn off “Location Services” for apps that do not need it. Turn off “Geo-tagging” for camera apps so they do not embed GPS locations and date/time stamps on photographs. Read Terms & Conditions to apps and do not install apps with pervasive and unnecessary permissions access.For more guidance, visit StaySafeOnline.org. It’s a private-public partnership supported by the Department of Homeland Security. 




   
REPORT FRAUD
				Report something suspicious Call us 800-842-2252We’re here every weekday from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. (ET) and Saturdays from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. (ET). 
 
Report a suspicious email
       		To report a suspicious email, pleaseemail us at abuse@tiaa.org. 
			
Contacts
       		We gathered a list of major credit bureaus and helpful resources

 





RESOURCES

Close








						      				Companies & resources
						      			


 
Federal Trade Commissionwww.ftc.gov  Equifaxwww.equifax.com 800-685-1111Experianwww.experian.com 888-397-3742Transunionwww.transunion.com 800-916-8800Better Business Bureauwww.bbb.org 

Financial Fraud Enforcement TaskForcewww.stopfraud.gov Fraud hotline: 800-269-0271 National Do Not Call Registrywww.donotcall.gov  Social Security Administrationwww.ssa.gov  Stop. Think. Connect.www.stopthinkconnect.org 
 



.
			 
Customer protection policy To find out how we protect your account if unauthorized activity does occur, read our customer protection policy.




Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:12 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America is a trade association that provides life insurance and retirement annuities for people who work in the academic, research, medical, and cultural fields.. The company offers participating annuities that are sold through employer-sponsored retirement savings plans, as well as provides retirement savings. It markets its products directly to employee plan participants through their employers. The company was founded in 1918 and is headquartered in New York, New York.


730 Third AvenueNew York, NY 10017United StatesFounded in 1918



Phone: 212-913-2803

Fax: 800-914-8922

www.tiaa-cref.org







Key Executives for Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America




Mr. Robert G. Leary J.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer, Asset Management
      


Age: 56
        







Ms. Kathie J. Andrade


      	Chief Executive Officer of Retail Financial Services 
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Stephen B. Gruppo


      	Chief Risk Officer, Executive Vice President and Director 
      


Age: 58
        







Ms. Virginia M. Wilson


      	Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Chad Peterson


      	Director of Corporate Media Relations
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America Key Developments

Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America Announces Early Results of its Cash Tender Offer for Up to $750 Million of its 6.850% Surplus Notes Due 2039
May 4 17
Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America ("TIAA") announced the early tender results of its previously announced cash tender offer for up to $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.850% Surplus Notes due 2039. As described in the Offer to Purchase, TIAA reserves the right, subject to applicable law, to, among other things, increase the Maximum Tender Amount and thereby increase the aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender Offer.


EverBank and TIAA Announces Executive Changes
Oct 18 16
EverBank and TIAA are making solid progress toward completion of acquisition, as teams from both companies work to identify key requirements for Legal Day 1 and develop transition and future operating plans. EverBank and TIAA announced the appointment of senior leaders for the combined bank. As the company previously announced, Kathie Andrade, CEO of TIAA's Retail Financial Services business, will serve as chairperson of the board of directors of the new bank, while also remaining in her current retail leadership role. Blake Wilson will be president, CEO and a board director of the combined bank. Rob Clements will retire as chairman and CEO of EverBank Financial Corp. when the transaction closes, but has agreed to serve as a member of the new bank's board of directors. Rick Calero, who currently leads TIAA's bank, will serve as Head of the Affiliates Division of the combined bank. In this key role reporting directly to Blake, Rick will be responsible for extending consumer and commercial banking services to TIAA's customers nationwide, as well as integrating banking within TIAA's institutional customer offering. Rick's organization will continue to include TIAA's Trust business. Claudia S enz Amlie, EverBank EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer, has decided to step down from her role after the close of the transaction. As head of HR organization, Claudia is responsible for talent acquisition, compensation and benefits, employment practices, organizational development and diversity and inclusion efforts across EverBank. Claudia has agreed to remain in a short-term capacity following the close of the transaction to support the transition of her responsibilities. Claudia has been a vital member of executive team and wish her all the best in the next chapter of her career following this transition. Christina Estrada, the HR leader for TIAA's Retail organization, will serve as the new head of HR for the combined bank. Christina will be joining the combined bank to help continue efforts to create the finest banking teams in the industry.


Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America Presents at Bloomberg's "The Year Ahead: 2017", Oct-25-2016 11:50 AM
Oct 18 16
Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America Presents at Bloomberg's "The Year Ahead: 2017", Oct-25-2016 11:50 AM. Venue: Park Hyatt New York, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Roger Ferguson, CEO and President.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Atlantic Surety Company United States 212 Capital Group, LLC United States 21st Century Life and Health Company, Inc. United States 3 Mark Financial, Inc. United States 534 Las Americas, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 13, 2017
			    
Casey's General Stores, Inc.



Private Placement

			      June 7, 2017
			    
Terreno Realty LLC



Private Placement

			      January 23, 2017
			    
Steris Plc





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, please visit www.tiaa-cref.org.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Contact TIAA | TIAA































Skip to main content










SupportContact usCall 800-842-2252 to talk about retirementWe're here every weekday from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. (ET) and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. (ET). Did you know you can check account values, transfer funds, choose beneficiaries and much more online?
Log in or register
Call us
					Find a different TIAA phone number
         			 
Individual advisory services
			
866-842-3519
Weekdays, 8 a.m. – 10 p.m. (ET)Saturday, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. (ET)

Brokerage services
			
800-927-3059
Weekdays, 8 a.m. – 7 p.m. (ET)

TIAA Direct ® checking & savings‡
			
855-842-2372
Weekdays, 8 a.m. – 8 p.m. (ET)Weekends, 9 a.m. – 6 p.m. (ET) 

More phone numbers 
Online Send a message Let us know how we can help.
Get started 








						 Find Us
					





Find a TIAA office or advisor

what can we help you find? LOCAL OFFICEADVISOR




								Choose local office or advisor
						


 										Search near this area, enter city and state or zipcode
 									






















Find an ATM 

Submit forms
					Upload your paperwork online or send us mail
         			 
Submit online
       		Skip regular mail and send files online 

General
       		P.O. Box 1259Charlotte, NC 28201

Urgent/ Overnight
       		8500 Andrew CarnegieCharlotte, NC 28262
			
Mutual Fund Accounts
       		P.O. Box 8009Boston, MA 02266-8009
			 


												FIND ANSWERS
										  

												Commonly asked questions
										  
BROWSE FAQS





					
					How can I contribute to my retail class mutual fund IRA?
					
				
Find out how


					
					When can I take money from my IRA?
					
				
FIND OUT WHEN


					
					How do I begin receiving retirement income?
					
				
LEARN HOW








					
					How are retirement plans taxed?
					
				
LEARN HOW


					
					Are loans taxed?
					
				
GET THE ANSWER


					
					How do I sign up for eDelivery?
					
				
Sign up now








					
					How do I update personal information?
					
				
Learn how


					
					How do I change my beneficiary?
					
				
FIND OUT HOW


					
					Can I view recent transactions?
					
				
See them here







Invite friends & family Share TIAA with your friends & family Financial well-being isn't about the size of a paycheck. For nearly 100 years, we've helped people like you who work at not-for-profit organizations. Now we're inviting your friends and family to invest with us and take advantage of our financial services. Log in to start sharing.1
Log in 

1 Some TIAA products and services, like the Investment Solutions IRA and certain annuity products, are only available to employees and retirees (and their family members) of nonprofit colleges and universities, public and private nonprofit elementary and secondary schools, teaching hospitals, museums, libraries and other nonprofit institutions. Learn more. This material is for informational or educational purposes only and does not constitute a recommendation or investmentadvice in connection with a distribution, transfer or rollover, a purchase or sale of securities or other investment property,or the management of securities or other investments, including the development of an investment strategy or retention ofan investment manager or advisor. This material does not take into account any specific objectives or circumstances of anyparticular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made in consultation with aninvestor’s personal advisor based on the investor’s own objectives and circumstances. 
221086





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Teachers Insurance & Annuity Association of America: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback




































teachers insurance & annuity association of america
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Insurance
Sub-Industry: Life Insurance
Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America (TIAA) provides retirement solutions. The Company offers retirement plans, mutual funds, annuities, brokerage, loans, life insurance, and planning services. TIAA serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

730 3rd Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3206
United States


Phone:
1-800-842-2733


Fax:
1-212-916-5891


Web url:
www.tiaadirect.com





Board Members




Trustee
Company






























From The Web












Press Releases




KWE: TIAA-CREF: Form 8.3 - Kennedy Wilson Europe real Estate

Jul 21, 2017



TIAA-CREF: Form 8.3 - Kennedy-Wilson Holdings

Jul 20, 2017



DGAP-News: PAION AG RAISES EUR 8.0 MILLION IN PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Jul 17, 2017



DGAP-Adhoc: PAION AG RAISES EUR 8.0 MILLION IN PRIVATE PLACEMENT

Jul 17, 2017



KWE: TIAA-CREF: Form 8.3 - Kennedy Wilson Europe Real Estate Plc

Jul 11, 2017



TIAA-CREF: Form 8.3 - Kennedy-Wilson Holdings

Jul 10, 2017



TIAA-CREF: Form 8.3 - Kennedy-Wilson Holdings

Jul 06, 2017



TIAA-CREF: Form 8.3 - Kennedy-Wilson Holdings

Jul 03, 2017






Key Executives


Roger W Ferguson Jr


President/CEO




Kathie Jane Andrade


CEO:Retail Financial Svcs




Ronald R Pressman "Ron"


CEO:Institutional Financial Svcs




Vijay Chandur Advani


CEO:Nuveen




Virginia M Wilson "Gina"


Senior Exec VP/CFO




Rahul N Merchant


Senior Exec VP/Chief Technology Ofcr




Stephen Barry Gruppo "Steve"


Senior Exec VP/CRO




J Keith Morgan


Senior Exec VP/CLO




Otha T Spriggs III "Skip"


Senior Exec VP/Chief Human Resource Ofcr




Scott Blandford


Exec VP/Chief Digital Officer




Douglas Edward Chittenden "Doug"


Exec VP/Pres:Individual Products




Carol Ward Deckbar


Exec VP:Instl Invsmt Products




Glenn R Richter


Senior Exec VP/CAO



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Display company profile content
















Your browser JavaScript has been disabled. Please enable it before using the application!



333 Guadalupe St. P.O. Box 149104 Austin, TX 78714-9104
TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA

Skip over these navigation links.


 Show Explanation of Terms





Table of Contents  

 General Info 
 |   
                           
Contact Info
 | 
                           
Types of Insurance
 | 
                           
Use of Credit
 | 
                           
Attorney for Service
 | 
                           
Ratings
|  
                           
Financial Info
 | 
                           
Premiums
  |
                           
Complaint Ratios
  |
                           
Company History
 |
                           
Company Officers







 General Information: 

Return to top.




Type of Entity:




          Life, Health, or Accident (LI)
            
         



Status of TX License:


             Active
         




Company Status:


             Normal Operations
         



License Number:


             80900
         





NAIC Number:


             69345
         



TDI Company Number:


             80900
         



FEIN:


             131624203
         



Home City/State:


             NY
         



Origin:


             Foreign
         



Date Incorporated/Organized:


             03/04/1918
         



Date Licensed/Eligible/Registered in Texas:


             11/02/1967
         



Date Cancelled/Ineligible/Inactive:


              
         





 Contact Information: 

Return to top.







              Mailing Address:

          



             730 3rd Avenue

           New York City NY 10017
        




Office Number:

  (212)490-9000
        




Toll Free Number:

 (800)842-2733
        




Fax Number:

 
        




 Types of Insurance Licensed to Write: 

 Return to top.

Accident
Health
Life
Variable Annuities



 Use of Credit: 

 Return to top.

    To determine if a company uses credit information 
	  for private passenger automobile or homeowners insurance.





 Attorney for Service: 

Return to top.







            
              Corporation Service Company
            
            

        
            
                   211 East 7th Street Suite 620
               
            
            
             Austin TX 78701
            
                  -3218
               
 







 Rating By Financial Organization: 

 Return to top.

   The following organizations rate insurance companies on their financial strength and stability.  
   Some of these companies charge for their services.





A.M. Best


Weiss Ratings Inc.


Standard & Poor's 


Moody's Investors Service


Fitch IBCA, Duff and Phelps Ratings








 Financial Information: 

Return to top.




As of:


Dec. 31, 2014
            


Dec. 31, 2015
            


Dec. 31, 2016
            




Total Assets


             
               $262,634,190,313 
             
         

             
               $270,094,422,397 
             
         

             
               $282,442,385,515 
             
         



Total Liabilities


             
               $228,714,246,336 
             
         

             
               $235,358,924,754 
             
         

             
               $246,859,296,108 
             
         



Asset to Liability Ratio


             
            
                            1.15
               
             
         

             
            
                            1.15
               
             
         

             
            
                            1.14
               
             
         



Capital


             
                     $2,500,000 
             
         

             
                     $2,500,000 
             
         

             
                     $2,500,000 
             
         



Net Surplus


             
                $33,917,443,977 
             
         

             
                $34,732,997,643 
             
         

             
                $35,580,589,407 
             
         



Total Life Ins


             
            
                   $18,416,466,000 
               
               
             
         

             
            
                   $16,659,107,000 
               
               
             
         

             
            
                   $15,054,464,000 
               
               
             
         







 Premiums: 
 Return to top.




As of:


Dec. 31, 2014


Dec. 31, 2015


Dec. 31, 2016




Life and Annuities


             
             
                      $323,515,741 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                      $376,144,898 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                      $466,340,044 
               
               
             
         



Accident and Health


             
             
                          $202,419 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                          $182,751 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                          $186,020 
               
               
             
         



Property and Casualty


             
            
               N/A
               
             
         

             
            
               N/A
               
             
         

             
            
               N/A
               
             
         



Total Texas Premium


             
             
                      $323,718,160 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                      $376,327,649 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                      $466,526,064 
               
               
             
         



National Premium


             
             
                   $11,200,149,976 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                   $11,964,923,185 
               
               
             
         

             
             
                   $15,197,658,496 
               
               
             
         





 Complaint Information: 

 Return to top.
When considering the company's complaint index and ratio, 
	be sure to review the company history information displayed below 
	for recent acquisitions, mergers, or other events that may affect 
  the figures displayed for this company.





 
Dec 31, 2015
Dec 31, 2016
Jul 21, 2017


Confirmed Complaints:
 
 
 


Life and Annuity
0
0
0


Accident and Health
0
0
0


Homeowner
0
0
0


Automobile
0
0
0


Workers' Compensation
0
0
0


Complaint Ratio/Index
Ratio
Index
Ratio
Index
 


Life and Annuities
.0000
.0000
.0000
.0000
N/A


Accident and Health
.0000
.0000
.0000
.0000
N/A


Homeowner
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Automobile
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Workers' Compensation
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A


Confirmed Complaints: the number of confirmed complaints closed 
	against the company for the line of insurance and year indicated. 
	A complaint is confirmed if the department receives information indicating that a company 
  committed any violation of an applicable state insurance law or regulation, a federal requirement
  the department has authority to enforce or the term or condition of an insurance policy or
  certificate.  A complaint is also confirmed if the complaint and company's response, 
  considered together, suggest that the company was in error or that the complainant had a valid
  reason for the complaint.

Complaint Ratios: the ratio, expressed as a percentage, 
	is the number of closed confirmed complaints divided by 
	the number of policies the company had in force for 
	the line of insurance and year indicated. 

Complaint Index: indicates how a company's ratio of 
	the number of complaints to the number of policyholders 
	compares to the average for all insurers. 
	The index is calculated by dividing the company's percentage of 
	complaints for a specific line of insurance by the company's 
	percentage of the policies in force for the same line of insurance. 
	The average index is 1.00. A number less than 1 indicates 
	fewer complaints than average; a number greater than 1 indicates 
	more complaints than average. For the most recent completed year, 
	a given insurer's index may change over time, as policy count data is 
	received by TDI. This will affect each insurer's percentage of the total. 

Complaints against an insurance company are not part of 
	the complaint tally above if the insurance company served 
	only as a Third Party Administrator (TPA), a company hired 
	simply to administer the paperwork of a health plan. 
	Instead, they are included in the complaint record of the 
	insurance company or HMO that hired the TPA. 
	If a bonafide self-insured benefit plan hired the TPA, 
	no complaint numbers are recorded as a part of the company/TPA's profile. 
	Neither are profiles available for self-insured plans, 
	as such plans are regulated under federal law. 




 Company History: 

Return to top.




Date


Event




      05-17-2013
    

      PENALTY OF $10,000 FOR VIOLATIONS FOUND DURING A MARKET CONDUCT EXAMINATION IN ILLINOIS.
    



      10-02-2012
    

      PENALTY OF $5,000 FOR NOT FILING THE REQUIRED SLAVERY ERA INSURANCE POLICY REPORT ON TIME, IN MARYLAND.
    



      02-11-2011
    

      EFFECTIVE 02/10/2011  LONG TERM CARE POLICIES PARTIALLY REINSURED BY METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY (53950) NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK.
    



      04-10-2009
    

      PENALTY OF $14,000, WITH $7,000 SUSPENDED, FOR VIOLATIONS IN WASHINGTON.
    



      02-28-2006
    

      PENALTY OF $30,500 FOR FAILURE TO TIMELY FILE ITS ANNUAL RATE FILINGS FOR LONG-TERM CARE PRODUCTS IN FLORIDA.
    



      06-05-1998
    

      PENALTY OF $5,000 FOR VOILATIONS FOUND DURING AN INVESTAGATION IN MINNESOTA.
    



      05-17-1995
    

      ADDED VARIABLE ANNUITY INSURANCE.
    



      11-02-1967
    

      GRANDFATHERED FOR CAPITAL AND SURPLUS REQUIREMENTS
    






 Company Officers: 


Return to top.

For names of the companys current officers, please contact the company at the phone number listed in the Contact Information above or on their website. 






	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started













































TIAA Secure Account Access



























 Skip to main content




















	Log into your TIAA account







	User ID 









	Password





	Forgot your user ID? 





	Forgot your password?











	Log in






 
												Remember this device? 





	When you use this website, you acknowledge that you understand and consent to the terms & conditions.
























TIAA  My Accounts









































BackMy AccountsAccount Locked
							For security reasons, online access to your account has been locked.	
						
							Go to tiaa.org to unlock your account.	
						
							- or -	
						
							Call us at 866 207-6467.
							
							Monday – Friday: 8 AM – 10 PM (ET)
							
							Saturday: 9 AM – 6 PM (ET)
						









 