










 




Enhance Product Development | Submit Your Invention Idea















Develop & Launch Your Invention or Product Idea












Do You Have a New Invention Idea?
If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you. At Enhance Product Development, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention ideas. Simply put, "We turn ideas into REALITY."
So if you are an entrepreneur who has been working on a new invention for years or if you're an inventor who just came up with a new idea for a product, we can help!


Request FREE Inventor Information
100% Confidential. No Obligation Consultation.
* denotes required fields




Name*: 



Email*: 



Country*:

United States of America
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Canada
United Kingdom
Australia
New Zealand
Ireland
South Africa
Afghanistan
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald
Holy See (Vatican)
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgystan
Lao
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia (FYR)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Georgia
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (U.K.)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Address*: 



City*:



State/Region:


 - select - 
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
American Samoa
Guam
Northern Mariana Islands
Puerto Rico
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands




Zip/Postal Code*:



Phone*:



 











All information provided remains confidential.



Must be 18 years or older.










What Enhance Clients Are Saying





“Customer service is A+, you guys have been amazing!”
Erik R., New Brunswick, NJ
“My experience with Enhance was unbelievable. I am almost at a loss for words actually. Everything from the consultation to the sketches was terrific. Words can't explain how impressed I was with the effort and how everything was completed in a timely manner.”
Theodis H., Honolulu, HI


“I am more than impressed & highly recommend the services that Enhance Product Development offered and delivered!”
Becky B., Kalamazoo, MI
“The 3D renderings, logo and sell sheet were awesome! I was very pleased with the feedback that was provided along the way. Lastly, I'm extremely pleased on how quick my rough drawings came alive for me...”
Joe K., Dubuque, IA







Wal-Mart®, Bed Bath and Beyond®, Home Depot®, Toys'R'Us®, Walgreens®, Lowes®, Target®, Kmart®, Dick's Sporting Goods®, and Cabela's® are registered trademarks of their respective companies. The display of trademarks and logos does not imply an endorsement of Enhance Product Development, Inc. by the trademark owners. New product development is highly speculative and the use of Enhance Product Development's services does not typically result in a license deal or profit to the inventor.
For Free Information Call 1-877-993-6426











Follow Us: 

© Copyright 2014. Enhance Product Development, Inc. | Privacy




﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















TEILINGER USA INC.- Ratings & Rankings by Symmetric




 






























Home
About

Pricing

Login


























TEILINGER USA INC.



Get the Full Report
















 TEILINGER USA INC. Overview



												   Teilinger Usa Inc. is an investment advisor. The manager's has disclosed holdings from 12/31/14 to 09/30/16.
												



Get the Full Report









					
					 TEILINGER USA INC. StockAlpha 
					
					






+3.3%





Top 25%



2yr StockAlpha
Register for more...
















Fundamental & Technical Factor Exposure
										






Market Cap
Beta
Volatility


Momentum (12M)
Momentum (6M)
Momentum (3M)


Price/Book
Price/Earnings
Price/Cash Flow


Dividend Yield
Sales Growth
Earnings Growth


ROE
ROA
ROC


EBIDTA Margin
Debt/Assets
Hedge Fund Crowding









 TEILINGER USA INC. Since Last Filing Return Details
																										






Ticker
Size
Sector
Stock Move

StockAlpha Attribution
Days to Liquidate
Trade Crowdedness






Get the Full Report














×
Register to Unlock



Unlock profile and also get:

Manager Positions and Return Details
Position Crowdedness, Turnover & Concentration
Manager Performance Estimates
Top Stock Pickers Report













We take your privacy seriously. Your information will never be shared with any third party











×
Download PDF Report





GENERATING REPORT...

								
								This may take upto 60 secs. 
















FEATURED IN





















 TEILINGER USA INC. Founders and Key Employees






Name
Title
In Position Since















 TEILINGER USA INC. Brokers, Custodians, Auditors and Administrators






Type
Company

















 TEILINGER USA INC. Investment Strategy


				
					   ...Get the Full Report







 TEILINGER USA INC. Portfolio Concentration




Get the Full Report











 TEILINGER USA INC. Location



 












  TEILINGER USA INC. Contact Information



							Phone Number: NULL
							Fax Number: NULL
							Website: null









READ RECENT SYMMETRIC REPORTS






















Disclaimer



				
		The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Symmetric and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Symmetric nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance and skill metrics are no guarantee of future results. "Symmetric," "Symmetric.io" and the Symmetric logo are marks of Symmetric, Inc. Read our privacy policy here. Read our terms of use here



  

Featured Download

TEILINGER USA INC. FULL REPORT

LEARN MORE






















 Path B		  











 
  Teilinger USA SEC 13F-HR filings and top portfolio holdings
 - stockzoa










stockzoa



 
 


			      Javascript is disabled or is not supported by your browser. Please upgrade your browser or enable Javascript to navigate the interface properly.
		      










Teilinger USA



 Latest statistics and disclosures from Teilinger USA's latest quarterly 13F-HR filing: 
  
 
      Top 5 stock holdings are 
      
        Rice Midstream Partners Lp unit ltd partn,
      
      and represent 100.00%  of Teilinger USA's stock portfolio. 
    
 
      Reduced shares in these 1 stocks:
      
        
          
            Rice Midstream Partners Lp unit ltd partn.
          
        
      
    

    Teilinger USA was a net  seller  of stock by $765305.
    
 Teilinger USA has $1.08M in assets under management (AUM),  dropping by -30.61%. 






 Teilinger USA portfolio companies for September 2016 quarter  






 Company (Ticker) 
 Portfolio Weight 
 Share Count 
 Price 
 Last Trade 





Rice Midstream Partners Lp unit ltd partn

 100.00 

        44400
         -41.00% 

 24.26 
 0.00 





      Source: http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1575283/...


      Download CSV 







 Past 13F-HR SEC Filings for Teilinger USA 




 Teilinger USA 2016 Q2

                  filed July 27, 2016
                


 Teilinger USA 2015 Q3

                  filed Nov. 6, 2015
                


 Teilinger USA 2015 Q2

                  filed Aug. 12, 2015
                


 Teilinger USA 2014 Q4

                  filed Feb. 13, 2015
                


 View All Filings 












 


        © 2016 stockzoa - Simplified 13F-HR Filings.
        

          Disclaimers: stockzoa.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on stockzoa.com represent a recommendation to purchase or sell a stock. The information on this site is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way.  In no event shall stockzoa.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content available on stockzoa.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, stockzoa.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. 
        

 











Teilinger USA Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























teilinger usa inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Teilinger USA Inc operates as an investment management firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

2925 Richmond Avenue
Suite 11
Houston, TX 77098-3138
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































 SECGems: Teilinger Capital Ltd. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Teilinger Capital Ltd. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
76













	 
	
	 2925 RICHMOND AVE.
	 
	  FLOOR 11
	
	   HOUSTON, 
	   TX, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   7132301000    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2012-01-27Teilinger Capital Ltd.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001531879
State of Incorporation
D0
Country of Incorporation
BERMUDA
Fiscal year end
1211
IRS #
980699819










All related persons/companies# Filings





 Teilinger Investments SA (0001546085) 


46




 Teilinger USA, Inc. (0001575283) 


4




 Vitol Holding B.V. (0001546531) 


30




 Vitol Holding SARL (0001535984) 


46







 








db
 
 











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














TEILINGER USA INC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





TEILINGER USA INC



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths



TEILINGER USA INC



 OVERVIEW



Headquarters


1100 Louisiana, Suite 5500, Houston, TX 77002





 Executives & Employees



James C. Dyer IV

Director & Vice President







                          Board of Directors                        



James C. Dyer IV

Director & Vice President at Vitol Midstream LLC







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to TEILINGER USA INC



                        TEILINGER USA INC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 TEILINGER USA INC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with TEILINGER USA INC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













﻿







Teilinger Usa Inc – Octafinance

















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Teilinger Usa Inc 

Teilinger Usa Inc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Teilinger Usa Inc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/teilinger-usa-inc/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$1,077,000Previous Mkt Value:$1,552,000Chg Mkt Value %:-30.61 % Sentiment:Very BearishTurnover %:0.00 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:0Additional Purchases:0Sold out:0Reduced:1Top 10 Holdings %:100%






Teilinger Usa Inc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    RICE MIDSTREAM PARTNERS LP		

                    NA		

                    1,077		

                    44,400		

                    100.00		

                    100.00		



                    -41.54		

                    -31,546		

                    Down		

                    NA		








TEILINGER USA Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New Buys-----




13F Sector Allocation-----






TEILINGER USA AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
 The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$5,643,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$9,377,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$9,762,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$2,347,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$1,552,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$1,077,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?

























13F Portfolio: TEILINGER USA INC












Stock Ideas

Hedge Fund Trade Spotlight
High Conviction IPO Stocks
Biotech Stocks that Hedge Funds are Buying
Top Undervalued Stock Picks
50 Stocks that Matter Most to Hedge Funds



Stocks

Validate Your Stock
Consensus Stock Picks


Real-Time Insights

Hedge Funds

Hedge Fund Portfolios
Hedge Fund Managers
Find Your Hedge Fund Match



HM Pro

Pro Stock Screener
Institutional Portfolios
Institutional Investors




Sign InSubscribe Now2-Weeks Free Trial




HedgeMind.com > 
    Institutional Portfolios > 
    TEILINGER USA INC > 
    2016-09-30  





Find Institutional Investor
Institutional Investor Browse Institutional Investors

Time Period2016-09-302016-06-302015-09-302015-06-302015-03-31
ActivityAllNewIncreasedUnchangedDecreasedSold Out
Security TypeAllStockOptions (PUT, CALL)Fixed Income
Top Percentile?Use this filter to see holdings within a selected percentile portfolio.For example, click 10 to show only holdings in the top 10 percentile.100908070605040302010% Sectors?Use the pull down list to add one or more sectors to the space below and click Apply to filter out the holdings that belong to your selected sector(s).Apply Clear< select a sector >Basic IndustriesCapital GoodsConsumer DurablesConsumer Non-DurablesConsumer ServicesEnergyFinanceHealth CareMiscellaneousPublic UtilitiesTechnologyTransportationn/aunidentified Stock Style?Stock Style shows hedge fund manager's main investment focus in Value or Growth. It is determined based on analysis of portfolio holdings that are part of about 3000 US Stocks.ResetStyleMarket CapLargeValueMidBlendSmallGrowth000000000



TEILINGER USA INC

Time Period2016-09-30

Total Holdings1

Total Value ($x1000)1,077


Activities
New0Increased0Unchanged0Decreased1Sold Out0 

Top  Stock Holdingstotal 100%

RMP100 

-- hover over a symbol below for details --

SEC 13FFilingDetail


Sort:Portfolio Weight (%)Growth or ValuePosition ValueChange RateSectorA-ZGraphRMP100%UNIT LTD PARTN








© 2017 HedgeMind.com, LLC. All rights reserved
Site MapDisclaimerTermsPrivacyContact Us






Enhance Product Development | Industrial Design, Engineering & Prototyping



































 








877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com
 

 
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







You've Got The Idea...
Team up with Enhance to bring your invention to life and get it to market!


 



Have a New Invention Idea?
 




If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you. At Enhance Product Development, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention ideas. Simply put, “We turn ideas into REALITY.”
So if you are an entrepreneur who has been working on a new invention for years or if you’re an inventor who just came up with a new idea for a product, we can help!
 
 

Request FREE Inventor Information
100% Confidential. No Obligation Consultation.
How to Reach Me 

 
 


If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			



































Best Describes Me 				
 -Please Select-
Inventor aspiring for a royalty or license deal.
Entrepreneur seeking to bring new product to market.
Company wanting to add to existing product line.






























If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















All information remains confidential.  Must be 18 years or older.
 
 
 
 




Experience the Enhance Difference
 
 
 




Timely Support
There’s no maze or dialing tree, call us and reach a live person.
 
 
 



Advanced Technology
From the CAD software to the 3D printer in our office, we are cutting edge.
 
 
 



Innovative Ideas
As a smaller design firm, our culture embodies “out of the box” thinking.
 
 
 
 


%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering & Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are currently selling in
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 




What Enhance Clients Are Saying
 
 
 



I am almost at a loss for words… Everything from the consultation to the sketches was terrific. Words can’t explain how impressed I was with the effort and how everything was completed in a timely manner.
Theodis H.
Honolulu, HI
 
 
 






Get Started Today!

Fill Out The Form Above

 


The 3D renderings, logo and sell sheet were awesome! I was very pleased with the feedback that was provided along the way and I’m extremely pleased on how quick my drawings came alive for me.
Joe K.
Dubuque, IA
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






























TEILINGER USA, INC. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TEILINGER USA, INC.
                    

•   HOUSTON, TX
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Teilinger Usa is based out of Houston.    WhaleWisdom has at least 6 13F filings in our database for Teilinger Usa. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TEILINGER USA, INC., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary



            TEILINGER USA, INC. filed under a combined 13F through
                TEILINGER CAPITAL LTD.
                for 03/31/2017
      





09/30/2016
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $1.077 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $1.552 Million
New Purchases0 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of0 stocks
Reduced holdings in1 stock
Top 10 Holdings %100.00%
Turnover %
                        [1]:%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:59.86%
Time Held Top20:1.00 quarters
Time Held Top10:1.00 quarters
Time Held All:1.00 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






09/30/2016
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for TEILINGER USA, INC.






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q3 2016:
                    
-4.19%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
31.57%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-28








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-28
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted




Schedule 13D and 13G events since 09/30/2016

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 09/30/2016
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free





























Invention Design, Product Development & Licensing | Enhance




































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











Do You Have a New Invention Idea?

If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you.
At Enhance, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention or product ideas.

License Your Invention
 
 
 




From Concept to Manufacturing

Developing products is what we do.
From entrepreneurs to start-ups to established consumer product companies,
let Enhance innovate for you.

Services
 
 
 
 
 
 



Launch Your Invention Through Licensing
Our proprietary Design for Licensing strategy utilizes a proven system that seeks to maximize your success while minimizing out-of-pocket expense.
 
 
 




Prepare
Determine goals, research the marketplace and chart a course of action.
 
 
 



Develop
Design and develop your invention to meet or exceed your specs.
 
 
 



Protect
Acquire and protect your intellectual property by filing the patent application.
 
 
 



Launch
Professionally present your invention to companies for licensing.
 
 
 
 



Having been involved in licensing for over a decade, we have extensive experience with what licensees are looking for and have developed our design packages and method of establishing a license deal with one goal in mind: attracting a company to take your invention and pay you a royalty.

Help For Inventors

 
 
 






Team up with the Invention Experts
The most important part of successfully getting your invention idea to market is to establish an experienced team with an array of critical skill sets. With our knowledge in product design, invention development, marketing and licensing, Enhance is the team that can help lift your invention to success!


About Us

 
 
 




%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering and Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Overview of Product Design and Development Services
Whether you are a first-time inventor, a small start-up or an established company, Enhance can complement your business by delivering inspirational product design and development that will drive your bottom line.
 
 
 




Industrial Design
Taking an invention or product concept into reality is a core concern of our industrial design services.  Our mission is to optimize function, value and appearance for the mutual benefit of the product user and the manufacturer.  This means we seek to design both an aesthetically pleasing product, but also one that is commercially feasible.
 
 
 



Engineering and Prototyping
Getting samples for presentations or proof of concept is a crucial step to test how a product will function, as well as survey interest from potential customers or licensees. Enhance has the capabilities of making you a part through the use of the best technologies in rapid prototyping, from fused deposition modeling (FDM), stereolithography (SLA), and more.
 
 
 



Manufacturing Sourcing
Finding a source to manufacture a quality product at low prices and with reasonable terms is one of the most challenging aspects to commercializing a product. Sourcing is of utmost strategic importance and can make or break a product’s success. Enhance can help you navigate the complicated maze of locating and working with a factory overseas or in the US.
 
 
 
 




Marketing
From professionally designed sell sheets to product animation demonstrations or even full video production, Enhance can prepare the materials to make an impact in your presentation. From retailers to customers, licensees to investors, our work will give your product a professional appearance that will capture attention.
 
 
 



Licensing
Licensing your invention idea involves collaborating with companies well positioned to commercialize your product and pay a royalty. Enhance can leverage the product development to tailor a design package that attracts companies who will license your invention and pay you royalties.
 
 
 



Patents
Patent searches provide inventors with critical industry information and Provisional Patent Applications can be the first step to protecting your invention. Enhance has a streamlined and professional process that utilizes a registered patent attorney.
 
 
 
 




Services Overview

 
 
 

Our Design Work







Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are selling in:
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 





Connect With Us
Have questions or want to get started on a new invention or product?

Get Started Today

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 























New Invention and Product Portfolio | Enhance



































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











EggZact Boiler

Improving cooking processes

See more work
 
 
 



Skillet Slingers

Kitchen tools designed specifically for the job

See more work
 
 
 
 
 
 



PUSHING THE BOUNDARIES OF CONVENTIONAL THINKING
 
We’ve worked on a range of products, from housewares to exercise equipment.
Take a look at some of the work we’re most proud of.
 
 
 
 
 








Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 




Interested in working on a project?

Contact Us

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






















Contact | Enhance Product Development



































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 







Contact Enhance
Call, email or fill out the form below. We want to hear from you.


 



Receive a FREE, no obligation consultation.
Confidentiality guaranteed.
 



 
 



If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			


























































Message 				






If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank. 				



















 
 

Enhance Product Development, Inc.
Address:
11180 Zealand Ave N, Minneapolis, MN 55316
Phone: 877.99.ENHANCE (877.993.6426)
Fax: 651.846.5039
Email: support@enhancepd.com
Business Hours:
8:00am – 5:00pm M-F (Central Time)
 
 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
































