










 




	TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT Trademark of Telemark Asset Management, LLC. Serial Number: 76557399 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 Telemark Asset Management, LLC
Providing investment management services, namely, management of mutual funds and securities; rendering investment advice and financial research services to institutional, corporate and individual clients




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
providing   investment   management   services         management   mutual   funds   securities   rendering   investment   advice   financial   research   services   institutional      corporate   individual   clients    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by Telemark Asset Management, LLC 
                                in Boston, MA, 02110.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Telemark Asset Management, LLC of the TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Thursday, November 6, 2003,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT by 
                        Telemark Asset Management, LLC, Boston, MA  02110.
                        The USPTO has given the TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  76557399.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            Phi Lan M. Tinsley of 
                                            K&L GATES LLP,  State Street Financial Center, One Lincoln Street BOSTON MA 02111
                                .
                            The TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT 
                            is Providing investment management services, namely, management of mutual funds and securities; rendering investment advice and financial research services to institutional, corporate and individual clients. 
                            





Word mark:
 TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

6/25/2016



  Serial Number:  
76557399


  Filing Date:  
11/6/2003


 Registration Number:  
3083235 


 Registration Date:  
4/18/2006


 Goods and Services: 
Providing investment management services, namely, management of mutual funds and securities; rendering investment advice and financial research services to institutional, corporate and individual clients


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/12/2005


Last Applicant/Owner:

Telemark Asset Management, LLCBoston, MA  02110
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("ASSET MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


Phi Lan M. Tinsley
K&L GATES LLP
State Street Financial Center
One Lincoln Street
BOSTON MA 02111





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/29/2003


First Use In Commerce: 
10/29/2003





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/25/2016
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Phi Lan M. Tinsley


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search telemarkassetmanagem on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT 




TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT is providing Providing investment management services, namely, management of mutual funds and securities; rendering investment advice and financial research services to institutional, corporate and individual clients.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Telemark Asset Management, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:39 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Telemark Asset Management, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Telemark Asset Management, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in public equity markets of United States. The firm typically invests employing long/short equity strategy. It employs top down and bottom up approach combined with fundamental, technical, and quantitative analysis to make its investments. The firm uses a combination of external and internal research to make its investments. Telemark Asset Management, LLC was founded in 2003 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.


One International PlazaSuite 2401Boston, MA 02110United StatesFounded in 2003



Phone: 617-526-8912

Fax: 617-526-8909








Key Executives for Telemark Asset Management, LLC




Mr. Colin McNay


      	Founder and President
      








Mr. Brian C. Miley


      	Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Telemark Asset Management, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Telemark Asset Management LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Telemark Asset Management LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Advisors & Consultants Holdings & Top Positions



Telemark Asset Management LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2003




Headquarters


1 International Place, Suite 2401, Boston, MA 02110-2633




Employees (Worldwide)


3




Industries


Hedge Funds

Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Telemark Asset Management seeks to invest primarily in long and short equity positions, but may invest in other types of securities, including debt securities, options and futures. They combine top-down analysis, to assess the various market segments, with bottom-up company specific research. They are likely, at times, to have a high concentration, long or short, in one or more sectors of the market. Telemark's primary objective is long-term performance, which may result in short-term volatility. While their fund is expected to focus on longer-term investments, it may also use short-term investments to protect longer-term positions, or to take advantage of short-term investment opportunities.






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
July 18, 2016





                        Skanska to build new high school for Telemark county council in Norway                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Colin S. McNay

Founder




Brian C. Miley

Chief Compliance Officer & Chief Financial Officer






 Paths to Telemark Asset Management LLC



                        Telemark Asset Management LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Telemark Asset Management LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Telemark Asset Management LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Advisors & Consultants



Companies ▾




Auditor




Deloitte & Touche LLP


                                    Deloitte & Touche LLP offers auditing and consulting services. It also provides accounting, financial advisory, risk management, and tax services. The company engages in international financial reporting, assurance, advisory, tax auditing, corporate governance, risk consulting, advisory services, mergers and acquisitions, government compliance, and human capital consulting services. The company was founded on May 6, 1997 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                                





 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Telemark Asset Management, LLC                                                                                           - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Management Services



Management Services



                            Telemark Asset Management, LLC
                                    



 





















T 


Telemark Asset Management, LLC                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 INTERNATIONAL PL # 780 BOSTON, MA 02110
Get Directions



(617) 526-8910
 





Business Info



 Founded 2003
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $168,536.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Services
 Contacts Colin S McNay                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Telemark Asset Management, Llc                                                                                           is located at 1 International Pl # 780 in Boston and has been in the business of Management Services since 2003. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Telemark Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Telemark Asset Management, LLC


Telemark Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 156770) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Boston, MA.
They
manage $446,008,087 in 1 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Telemark Asset Management, LLC




One International Place, Suite 2401,
Boston,
MA
02110
617-526-8912









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

446
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$446,008,087







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




MA






Financial Advisors at Telemark Asset Management, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

























TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






TELEMARK ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC






ONE INTERNATIONAL PLACE, SUITE 2401, BOSTON,  Massachusetts, 02110, (617) 526-8910


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
54


New Positions
9


Increased Positions
15


Decreased Positions
34


Positions with Activity
49


Sold Out Positions
11


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
482



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
7.72%


Basic Materials
1.22%


Industrials
16.23%


Consumer Cyclicals
25.31%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals



Financials
9.47%


Healthcare



Technology
40.05%


Telecommunication Services



Utilities










Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






54 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



AMAZON COM INC
COM
62,760

New
60,000


WAYFAIR INC
CL A
40,066
-3,082
(7.14)
520,000


COHERENT INC
COM
32,360
32,360
New
120,000


FACEBOOK INC
CL A
23,862
1,704
7.69
140,000


ORACLE CORP
COM
20,180
20,180
New
400,000


EOG RES INC
COM
19,196
-480
(2.44)
200,000


PIONEER NAT RES CO
COM
18,029

New
110,000


SHOPIFY INC
CL A
16,277
-1,809
(10)
180,000


ALPHABET INC
CAP STK CL A
16,193
-2,858
(15)
17,000


TRIMBLE INC
COM
15,876
756
5
420,000


NEW RELIC INC
COM
14,319
-3,818
(21.05)
300,000


COGNEX CORP
COM
12,349
-11,399
(48)
130,000


APPLE INC
COM
12,045
-3,011
(20)
80,000


NOVANTA INC
COM
11,888
-2,509
(17.43)
320,000


INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHS
COM
11,606
-2,901
(20)
80,000


PANDORA MEDIA INC
COM
11,580
-1,448
(11.11)
1,200,000


SOUTHWEST AIRLS CO
COM
11,314

New
200,000


UNION PAC CORP
COM
10,140
-12,675
(55.56)
100,000


MICROSOFT CORP
COM
9,511
9,511
New
130,000


BANK AMER CORP
COM
8,800
-844
(8.75)
365,000




<< first< previous123next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulators weigh future of appeal in MetLife case
                        



	                     6:17PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 



Our financial services in your country | UBS United States
















































                Site title
            



                Site content
            





UBS
United States




Service navigation





United States


Please select your country of domicile

Global homepage




Europe





Austria
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Iceland


Italy
Jersey
Monaco
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway


Russia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom



More branches and offices in Europe




North America





Canada







United States




Asia Pacific





Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia


Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand


Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand



More branches and offices in Asia Pacific




Middle East & Africa





Bahrain
Israel
Lebanon


Qatar
Saudi Arabia


South Africa
United Arab Emirates



More branches and offices in Middle East Africa




Latin America & Caribbean





Bahamas
Brazil


Chile
Colombia


Mexico
Panama



More branches and offices in Latin America & Caribbean






Contact


Find a Financial AdvisorReport MisconductOffices and contacts in the USAContact via email and phone





Global search


Search



Account login
Account login

Individuals

Online Services (US Client Account Access)UBS Private Bank Account LoginUBS One Source (Corporate Stock Plans)Benefits of EnrollingEnroll Now


Corporate & Institutions

Investment Bank Client PortalUBS Neo



More logins























pause







promotion 1




promotion 2




promotion 3




promotion 4




promotion 5




promotion 6




promotion 7














UBS financial results
Second quarter 2017





Access reports and webcast






















Retiring old clichés
The new UBS Investor Watch





Explore insights
















What happens when you focus on clients?
UBS named "Best Bank for WealthManagement" for 2017





Find out more
















See further
2017 CIO Global Forum:Innovation, transformationand opportunity





Explore the insights
















How could a transforming world impact you?
Position your portfolio for the global trends ahead





16 new investment themes
















Asking life’s questions
What will I be doing in 30 years?


Later life is changing. As time goes by, you might need to reconsider your plan.





Find out more





















Latest Group news:





UBS's second-quarter 2017 resultsUBS's second-quarter 2017 results
+++

















Scroll







Global capabilities



















Wealth Management




UBS offers high net worth and affluent individuals around the world a complete range of tailored advice and investment services. 






					
				
			



    Wealth Management Americas
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Wealth Management (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Asset Management




UBS offers investment capabilities across traditional and alternative asset classes for private clients, intermediaries and institutional investors.






					
				
			



    Asset Management (US)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Asset Management (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				








































  UBS Investment Bank provides corporate, institutional, and wealth management clients with expert advice, innovative financial solutions, outstanding execution and comprehensive access to the world's capital markets. It offers investment banking and capital markets, research, equities, foreign exchange, precious metals and tailored fixed income services in rates and credit through its two business units, Corporate Client Solutions and Investor Client Services. The Investment Bank is an active participant in capital markets flow activities, including sales, trading and market-making across a range of securities. 


























Investment Bank




UBS provides advisory services, research, and access to global capital markets to corporate and institutional clients. 






					
				
			



    Investment Bank overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo login
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Solutions for individual investors



















Advice. Beyond investing.




Wealth Management Americas
UBS Financial Advisors deliver what you need most today: advice and solutions that help you pursue all of life’s goals.






					
				
			



    Our solutions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our Financial Advisors
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Research and analysis
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Private Wealth Management
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Other global capabilities






Investment Banking
Securities products, research, advisory services and access to global capital markets.






					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				














  






Asset Management
Investment solutions built upon a heritage of tactical asset allocation and active investing.






					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				






















  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 
 























Contact us












    Find a branch
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Find a Financial Advisor
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				








    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Account Logins 






					
				
			



    Online Services
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Private Bank e-Banking
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS OneSource (Corporate Stock Plans)
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







Services for corporations and institutions


















Meeting clients’ complex and specialized needs




Through its investment banking, asset management and wealth management businesses, UBS in the US provides a wide variety of services and solutions for companies, institutions, governments, hedge funds and financial intermediaries, such as banks and brokers, as well as for their senior executives.  









Contact us












    Find an office
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				









Upcoming conferences




UBS conferences provide a variety of opportunities for investors. 






					
				
			



    More information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Investment Banking








					
				
			



    Corporations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Institutions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Hedge funds
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Governments
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Bankers, brokers, client advisors
    


			
			
				
				
				













Wealth Management








					
				
			



    Equity compensation plans
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Employee retirement plans
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Pensions, endowments, foundations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Hedge fund managers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Services for corporate executives 
    


			
			
				
				
				













Asset Management








					
				
			



    Institutional investors
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Account logins






					
				
			



    Client Portal (Investment Bank)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo
    


			
			
				
				
				


























  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 
 
































Scroll


Back to top







Research and analysis



















Wealth Management Americas Research








					
				
			



    Overview 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS House View
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Investor Watch 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Wealth Planning Insights
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Investment Bank Securities Research








					
				
			



    Overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Client portal login
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Neo login
    


			
			
				
				
				



























Asset Management Research








					
				
			



    Latest research and views
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investment Insights 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Real estate research
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Multi-asset white papers 
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Daily podcasts


















Investing
 




CIO Wealth Management Americas Research experts — bond, equity and investment strategists, economic & policy analysts and others — talk about critical investment issues. 






					
				
			



    Listen to Top of the Morning
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Subscribe
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Markets
 




Hear insights and color from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange with UBS’s own Art Cashin.






					
				
			



    Watch Art Cashin 
    


			
			
				
				
				



















A Minute with Mike Ryan




Our Chief Investment Officer Americas, UBS Wealth Management, believes accelerated global earnings growth will be supportive of global equities. 






					
				
			



    Watch Mike Ryan
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Follow @UBS 










    #ArtCashin
    


			
			
				
				
				








    #UBSPodcast
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Scroll


Back to top







Investor sentiment































What’s on the minds of investors? Find out.




Every quarter, UBS Investor Watch closely examines issues investors like you face as you plan for your future. Use these insights to inform your decisions so you can feel confident about achieving your goals. 






					
				
			



    Retiring old clichés: Bucking convention, retirees find happiness and seek growth
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Additional reports on the new administration, generational ties, long-term care and more
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Find a branch
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Find a Financial Advisor
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Call or email us
    


			
			
				
				
				








    View FINRA BrokerCheck information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Highlights




Media releases 






					
				
			



    1Q 2016
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    4Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    3Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    2Q 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    4Q 2014
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    3Q 2014
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    2Q 2014  
    


			
			
				
				
				

























Scroll


Back to top







Our firm
Global financial advice and expertise that matters.



















Individuals around the world look to UBS to provide them with the advice, expertise and opportunities they need to protect and grow their wealth.
Leading companies and institutions in more than 50 countries rely on our financial resources, expertise and infrastructure to help them grow their businesses, manage their risks and invest for the future. In Switzerland, we fulfill every kind of banking and investment need, from savings and credit cards to mergers and acquisitions.
See how our unique global presence and capabilities can help you achieve your financial goals. 















Who we are








					
				
			



    UBS in a few words
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS in a few figures
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our employees
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Corporate governance
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our history
    


			
			
				
				
				













What we do








					
				
			



    About us
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our strategy
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our clients and businesses
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS and Society
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Sponsorship engagements
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contacts and offices worldwide
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Main offices
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Careers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investor Relations
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Community Affairs 
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Contemporary art




Good contemporary art reflects and influences trends in society, and at times might even suggest the future. We share a passion for contemporary art with many of our clients.






					
				
			



    Engagements in art
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







News and Media Relations































Media Relations








					
				
			



    Media (Americas)
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media (global)
    


			
			
				
				
				













News and services












    UBS News alert
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS calendar reminder
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS RSS feeds
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Latest news and media releases














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:30
                                                



54 works by Lucian Freud from the UBS Art Collection to be presented in Berlin





                                                20 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    18:00
                                                



New UBS Investor Watch report delves into the perceptions and realities of modern  retirement and dispels myths





                                                14 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:00
                                                



Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                13 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    05:30
                                                



UBS Asset Management granted Private Fund Management license in China













					
				
			



    More media releases
    


			
			
				
				
				




































Contact us




UBS Corporate Communications - Americas
1 212-882-5857 (phone) 1 212-882-5728 (fax)










    Spokespeople
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media




Follow our official social media presences for a quick and easy way to receive the latest UBS news.










    UBS on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Complete list of social media channels
    


			
			
				
				
				



















































Scroll


Back to top







Investor Relations
















Financial reporting








					
				
			



    Quarterly reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Annual reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    SEC filing and other disclosures
    


			
			
				
				
				













Investor information








					
				
			



    Shareholder information
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Bondholder information
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Corporate governance 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Board of Directors
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Group Executive Board
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Organization
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Regulations & principles 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Risk management & control 
    


			
			
				
				
				













Events and presentations








					
				
			



    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    General meeting of shareholders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Presentations
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Ad hoc releases for investors














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                07 Jun 2017
                                                
                                                    10:57
                                                



UBS to present at the Goldman Sachs European Financials Conference













					
				
			



    More ad hoc releases  
    


			
			
				
				
				






















Contact us












    Investor Relations team
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Investor services 
    


			
			
				
				
				






























































UBS share price
UBS Group N
16.9 CHF  -0.5 (-2.87%)
Zurich    
            28 Jul 2017  17:32

17.47 USD  -0.51 (-2.84%)
New York    
            28 Jul 2017  11:36





















Scroll


Back to top







Community Affairs and Corporate Responsibility




















Today‘s philanthropic landscape is evolving more rapidly than ever before, and the need for strong corporate citizens has never been greater. At UBS, we understand this and are committed to establishing strong partnerships and initiatives to tackle the opportunities ahead. It starts with a simple belief that every dollar and volunteer hour matters. With that in mind, we have a clear vision for the future – to help build stronger communities where everyone has the opportunity to fulfill their potential and achieve financial independence.  UBS Community Affairs & Corporate Responsibility, Americas is dedicated to providing under-resourced, high-potential individuals with access, advice and education to help develop more enterprising communities. This is achieved through our three signature philanthropic initiatives:






					
				
			



    UBS Elevating Entrepreneurs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS NextGen Leaders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Community Corps
    


			
			
				
				
				


























Scroll


Back to top







Careers
Discover your opportunities


















Why UBS?




UBS fosters a development and learning culture that creates opportunities for every employee to grow as an individual and provides a platform to empower them professionally. Despite the size and scope of the organization, you'll see that you work for a firm that values you as an individual.






					
				
			



    Why UBS?
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Meet our people
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS careers blog
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Professionals




Already working and looking to take the next step? Move your career forward in our high-performance environment.






					
				
			



    Search open roles
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Career website
    


			
			
				
				
				













Students, graduates and MBAs




Looking for an ideal place to begin your career? Explore our world of opportunities for university students and recent graduates including MBAs.






					
				
			



    Graduate Talent Programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    MBA programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Internships
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Events
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Search and apply








					
				
			



    Professionals
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Students, graduates and MBAs
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media












    UBS Careers on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on YouTube
    


			
			
				
				
				





















































  

