






























Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Stake Held by Telos Capital Management Inc. - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Emerson Electric Company

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Emerson Electric Company with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Purchases 5,809 Shares of Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR)
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Buys 7,406 Shares of Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated (NYSE:RBA)
Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:FBC) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Cognex Corporation (NASDAQ:CGNX) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Armbruster Capital Management Inc. Has $623,000 Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (NASDAQ:WBA)
Nike, Inc. (NYSE:NKE) Stake Reduced by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Continues to Hold Stake in GSV Capital Corp (NASDAQ:GSVC)
Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) Position Maintained by Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Has $950,000 Stake in Aimmune Therapeutics, Inc. (AIMT)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases New Position in Apollo Global Management, LLC (NYSE:APO)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Decreases Position in TCP Capital Corp (NASDAQ:TCPC)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Decreases Position in PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (PFSI)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 1,492 Shares of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (NYSE:HTZ)
Argent Trust Co Buys 329 Shares of Mastercard Incorporated (NYSE:MA)
Schnieders Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in Kimberly-Clark Corporation (NYSE:KMB)
Insight Capital Research & Management Inc. Buys Shares of 24,312 Dow Chemical Company (The) (NYSE:DOW)
Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Stake Held by Telos Capital Management Inc.
Oxford Asset Management Invests $1.13 Million in Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)
Martingale Asset Management L P Cuts Stake in Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C)
Independent Advisor Alliance Lowers Position in NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE)







Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Stake Held by Telos Capital Management Inc.


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Telos Capital Management Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 6,211 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Telos Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $372,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of EMR. Renaissance Investment Group LLC boosted its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Renaissance Investment Group LLC now owns 7,972 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $477,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter.  CAPROCK Group Inc. boosted its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.8% in the first quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 4,689 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $281,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter.  Cadence Bank NA boosted its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.3% in the first quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 12,322 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $738,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter.  Lourd Capital LLC boosted its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Lourd Capital LLC now owns 9,242 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $553,000 after buying an additional 40 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Howland Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in  Emerson Electric by 0.4% in the first quarter. Howland Capital Management LLC now owns 15,982 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $957,000 after buying an additional 66 shares in the last quarter. 68.88% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Emerson Electric Company alerts:



Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE EMR) opened at 60.03 on Tuesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $38.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.64 and a beta of 1.20. Emerson Electric Company has a 12-month low of $49.22 and a 12-month high of $64.36. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $59.72 and a 200-day moving average price of $59.61. 





Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.58. The firm had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The business’s revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.57 EPS.  Equities analysts predict that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 EPS for the current year. 
WARNING: “Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) Stake Held by Telos Capital Management Inc.” was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/telos-capital-management-inc-has-372000-stake-in-emerson-electric-company-nyseemr-updated.html. 
EMR has been the subject of several research reports. TheStreet raised Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $67.00 price target (up from $65.00) on shares of Emerson Electric in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Emerson Electric from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. JMP Securities assumed coverage on Emerson Electric in a report on Monday, June 19th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $58.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Emerson Electric  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.96.
Emerson Electric Company Profile
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
















































Write or Find Wallet Hub Reviews



















 


































 
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews
The Top Destination for Financial Reviews



















Latest Reviews

All Financial Companies & Professionals
Banks
Attorneys
Financial Advisors
Insurance Companies
Insurance Broker
Mortgage Companies
Mortgage Brokers












Popular Companies

































































































































































 











GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed




















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.



Telos Capital Management, Inc. - Home




















Saturday, 29 July 2017










HomeAbout UsOur ApproachSherman Core Portfolios (SCP)Our TeamYour AccountTelosGramIn the NewsNews and QuotesContact Us
 















 






















 

















 


					Telos Capital Management, Inc.									






Telos Capital Management, Inc. is a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registered investment advisory firm whose sole purpose is to provide sophisticated investors with personalized investment management and financial advisory services. Originally established in 1986 as Alexander & Muckermann, we changed our name in 2003 to A&M Investment Management as a result of a partial ownership change. In 2009, we made the strategic decision to incorporate our firm to create business efficiencies and establish a contingency platform for the company. In connection with that incorporation, we changed our name to Telos Capital Management, Inc. 






							Read more...



 
 


					Investment Philosophy									






In order to be successful, we believe that investors must follow a disciplined investment approach and consistently apply it amidst varying economic and market conditions. At Telos Capital Management, Inc., our approach to portfolio management is designed in an effort to preserve and enhance wealth for our clients throughout various economic environments in a risk conscious manner. We seek to achieve this through careful securities selection and strategic diversification. Our approach is to focus on long-term investments while maintaining the flexibility to react to changes in business fundamentals and the market environment. 






							Read more...



 
 



 



	© 2017 Telos Capital Management, Inc.

 




Privacy Statement  | Legal Information 





 


﻿Weight Watchers success stories: SarahSarah, 41It really is possible to lose weight - and keep it off for good!My husband Mick and I renewed our vows in Las Vegas after 15 happy years together. On the day, I basked in compliments, secretly thrilled that the stunning size 10 beaded, corseted cream dress I was wearing was two sizes smaller than my original wedding dress. It was testament to a healthier lifestyle that was almost as long-lasting as my marriage. It was all down to Weight Watchers, and my decision to lose 3st of accumulated baby weight after my children – Liam, now 14, and Lewis, now 12 – were born.You need to find the right incentiveI managed it, thanks to sheer determination and a strong desire to escape my frumpy middle-aged wardrobe. I had to retrain myself in the kitchen – planning meals in advance, cooking everything from scratch and choosing healthier lunches, such as a jacket potato over a baguette.Be proud of your changing bodyAs a beautician, I always took great care over my hair and make-up but, as the pounds came off, I started to concentrate more on what was below the neck. At Christmas, the parties and meals out became an opportunity to show off, rather than hide, my curves. Getting ready for a night out turned into a ritual I would luxuriate over, ditching the shapeless trousers and tops for gorgeous dresses.FACTSLost: 3st 2lbHeight: 5'7" Start weight: 12st 7lbCurrent weight: 9st 5lbDon't hide inside - get out and get moving! pre bonded hairWhen I started Weight Watchers, I took my sons out in their double buggy, burning calories as I power-pushed, determined to shift the sluggish feeling that had dogged me for months. I'd start to run regularly once my stamina increased.See healthy living as a long-term commitmentFor 12 years now, I have stayed around my goal weight, keeping to the plan, attending meetings when I need a boost, and enjoying being able to dress how I want. Once I reached goal – all those years ago– I knew there would be no going back.Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.She's been cruising around Italy with her husband Jay Z and daughter Blue Ivy.And Beyonce, 34, decided to treat their little one to a girls day on Tuesday as she donned matching outfits with her four-year-old as they soaked up the sun on the back of the luxury liner.Clad in an orange dress with pink panels, the Flawless hitmaker seemed in good spirits as she dipped her feet into the ocean.Scroll down for videoLike mother, like daughter! Beyonce, 34, decided to treat her little one to a girls day as she donned matching outfits with her four-year-old Blue Ivy in Italy on TuesdayLayering up over a hot pink bikini, Beyonce looked effortlessly glamorous, accessorising with a pair of gold mirrored sunglasses.Adding to the glamour she also donned a temporary gold tattoo across her leg that complemented her tanned complexion.She finished off the look with her honey coloured locks swept back into a half up style, later layering up with a navy headscarf.Helping hand: Clad in an orange dress with pink panels, the Flawless hitmaker seemed in good spirits as she dipped her feet into the ocean and helped Blue do the sameBlue Ivy looked adorable in an outfit that matched her glamorous mothers.Every inch as chic as her superstar parents, the toddler wore an orange dress with a pink cover up.remy hair extensionsHer sweet look was completed with a large pink bow worn over her french plaits.Riding solo: Jay Z, 46, hit the waves as he rode around on a jetskiQueen B: Layering up over a hot pink bikini, Beyonce looked effortlessly glamorous, accessorising with a pair of gold mirrored sunglassesLeggy lady! Adding to the glamour, Beyonce also donned a temporary gold tattoo across her leg that complemented her tanned complexionBlonde beauty: She finished off the look with her honey coloured locks swept back into a half up style, later layering up with a navy headscarfMeanwhile, Jay Z, 46, hit the waves as he rode around on a jetski.Joined by a friend, the rapper tore off into the distance in a plain white T-shirt and grey shorts.Ensuring safety came first, he finished off the look with a red helmet.Double trouble! Blue Ivy looked adorable in an outfit that matched her glamorous mothersShe learnt from the best! Every inch as chic as her superstar parents, the toddler wore an orange dress with a pink cover upPlait's cute! Her sweet look was completed with a large pink bow worn over her french plaitsMaking a splash: Blue looked eager to join her dad in the water as she watched the action with her mum from the railings of the boatFamily fun: Beyonce and her brood have been enjoying some down time after wrapping up the European leg of her Formation World TourTaking it easy: Blue and Beyonce lay back and soaked up the sun on the boatWatching on: Beyonce looked on as Jay Z prepared to jump on his jet skiTaking it easy: Whilst Jay wanted to cruise around the ocean, Beyonce took things easy perruques cheveux naturelsAll hands on deck: The crew set to work preparing the jet ski as Beyonce watched onNice to sea you! Beyonce seemed in good spirits as Jay jumped onto the jet ski in a plain white T-shirt and grey shortsBeyonce and her family have been enjoying some down time after wrapping up the European leg of her Formation World Tour.Last week, they were spotted exploring Lipari, Sicily and also enjoyed a family dinner in Nerano, near Naples.The blonde beauty's tour heads back to the US next month, as she continues to promote her latest album Lemonade.All aboard! Beyonce and her family were joined by a host of friends on the tripSight seeing: Beyonce handed over a pair of binoculars so they could watch the actionGlam: Beyonce looked effortlessly chic on the outingCruising: The family were joined by a friend who also hit the waves on a jet skiCaitlyn Jenner's docu-series has officially been cancelled after two seasons.The 66-year-old confirmed weeks of rumours that I Am Cait is coming to an end on her Twitter page on Tuesday.'After 2 amazing seasons of @IAmCait, it's time for the next adventure,' Caitlyn shared. 'Thank you E! & thank you to the best girlfriends I could ask for!'Coming to an end: Caitlyn Jenner (pictured last month) confirmed on Tuesday that I Am Cait has been cancelled after two seasonsThe news doesn't come as a surprise following much speculation that the show would not return due to low ratings.I Am Cait debuted strong in July of last year, with 2.73million viewers tuning in for the series premiere.However the show failed to hold onto its audience in its second season.perruques cheveuxJust 860,000 viewers watched the season two finale, with ratings dipping as low as 480,000 during the season.'Thank you E!': The 66-year-old announced the news on her Twitter page and said 'it's time for the next adventure'Sharing her story: The docu-series followed Caitlyn after her gender transition'There just weren’t enough viewers,' a source told Radar Online earlier this month. 'The show can’t compete with other programming.'E! released a statement shortly afterwards saying that 'no decision had been made' at that time regarding the future of the show.I Am Cait followed the life of the Olympian, who was born Bruce, after her gender transition.The series was announced by E! immediately after Caitlyn's 20/20 interview with Diane Sawyer in April 2015, in which she revealed she identifies as female.Losing its audience: The show debuted strong, but failed to hold onto viewers during its second seasonCall me Caitlyn: The series was announced by E! immediately after Caitlyn's 20/20 interview with Diane Sawyer in April 2015, in which she revealed she identifies as femaleCaitlyn starred in the show alongside other members of the transgender community, including Jennifer Finney Boylan, Candis Cayne, Chandi Moore, Zackary Drucker and Kate Bornstein, and famously clashed with her co-stars over her support of the Republican party.Jenny shared on Facebook following the news: 'It's official as of today-- I AM CAIT will not be renewed for season 3. I am so very proud of being part of this show, and of its creators Andrea Metz and Jeff Olde in particular, who directed us with passion and grace.'I am grateful for the warm friendships I made with Chandi Moore and Candis Cayne and @katebornstein and Zackary Drucker and @ellagieselle and all of you. (and Kip Zachary and Courtney Nanson, who made us look so fine!) There is more work to do, and I send everyone my love.''I am so very proud': Jennifer Finney Boylan shared a Facebook post thanking her cast-mates following the cancellation'It was one of the best times of my life': Kate Bornstein also tweeted after hearing the newsShe added: 'Official word from the network today- a hard choice for them, I know. I'll have more to say about this in weeks to come, but for now I'll simply say I'm proud of everything we accomplished, and I send everyone involved my very sincere gratitude, and my love.'lace front wigsAnd Kate tweeted: 'Ah, #iamcait is done now. It was one of the best times of my life. Made such good forever friends. #allshowsclose.'Caitlyn's ex-wife Kris Jenner, daughters Kendall and Kylie Jenner and former step-daughters Kim and Khloe Kardashian also made appearances on I Am Cait during its run.Support network: The Olympian was joined on the show with fellow members of the transgender community, including (L-R) Chandi Moore, Candis Cayne, Ella Giselle and Jennifer Finney BoylanLady Gaga is to star in the remake of THE hit musical A Star Is Born alongside Bradley Cooper, who also makes his directorial debut with the weepie.The movie is due to start production next year in California and Gaga will compose and perform new music for the soundtrack.The 30-year-old's name was first mentioned in association with the project back in June but her casting was confirmed on Tuesday by Deadline Hollywood.She was born for it: Lady Gaga, seen at Tony Bennett's 90th birthday bash earlier is August,  is to star in the remake of hit musical A Star Is Born alongside Bradley CooperThe movie tells the story of a young singer-actress who finds fame and romance after she captures the heart of a fading movie star, to be played by Bradley, 41.As his plummeting career and alcoholism take their toll, her star continues to rise.The new film is the third remake of the original love story released 80 years ago in 1937.Back then, Janet Gaynor played the ingenue and Fredric March was the falling star. Judy Garland and James Mason had a go at it in 1954.Double hitter: The 41-year-old actor, pictured at the Los Angeles premiere of War Dogs on Monday, will also makes his directorial debut with the weepieIn 1976, Kris Kristofferson played a fading rock star with Barbra Streisand as a songstress on the rise.It's the first starring role in a movie for Lady Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta.However, the Born This Way songstress has been building her acting creds by co-starring as The Countess in FX's Golden Globe winning American Horror Story.cosplay wigsUps and downs: The 30-year-old stars as a young singer-actress who finds fame and romance after she captures the heart of a fading actor, to be played by BradleyMeanwhile, the movie has been a long time in the works.Beyonce was earlier pegged for the role of the young star on the rise, but the casting fell through after the Crazy In Love singer became pregnant with her daughter Blue Ivy, now four years old.'The world is in for a treat as these great artists craft an all new vision of A Star is Born,' Greg Silverman, Warner Bros. president of creative development and worldwide production,  said in a statement.Small screen to big screen: The Born This Way songstress has been building her acting creds by co-starring as The Countess in FX's Golden Globe winning American Horror Story

Telos Capital Management, Inc. - Home




















Saturday, 29 July 2017










HomeAbout UsOur ApproachSherman Core Portfolios (SCP)Our TeamYour AccountTelosGramIn the NewsNews and QuotesContact Us
 















 






















 

















 


					Telos Capital Management, Inc.									






Telos Capital Management, Inc. is a Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registered investment advisory firm whose sole purpose is to provide sophisticated investors with personalized investment management and financial advisory services. Originally established in 1986 as Alexander & Muckermann, we changed our name in 2003 to A&M Investment Management as a result of a partial ownership change. In 2009, we made the strategic decision to incorporate our firm to create business efficiencies and establish a contingency platform for the company. In connection with that incorporation, we changed our name to Telos Capital Management, Inc. 






							Read more...



 
 


					Investment Philosophy									






In order to be successful, we believe that investors must follow a disciplined investment approach and consistently apply it amidst varying economic and market conditions. At Telos Capital Management, Inc., our approach to portfolio management is designed in an effort to preserve and enhance wealth for our clients throughout various economic environments in a risk conscious manner. We seek to achieve this through careful securities selection and strategic diversification. Our approach is to focus on long-term investments while maintaining the flexibility to react to changes in business fundamentals and the market environment. 






							Read more...



 
 



 



	© 2017 Telos Capital Management, Inc.

 




Privacy Statement  | Legal Information 





 


﻿Weight Watchers success stories: SarahSarah, 41It really is possible to lose weight - and keep it off for good!My husband Mick and I renewed our vows in Las Vegas after 15 happy years together. On the day, I basked in compliments, secretly thrilled that the stunning size 10 beaded, corseted cream dress I was wearing was two sizes smaller than my original wedding dress. It was testament to a healthier lifestyle that was almost as long-lasting as my marriage. It was all down to Weight Watchers, and my decision to lose 3st of accumulated baby weight after my children – Liam, now 14, and Lewis, now 12 – were born.You need to find the right incentiveI managed it, thanks to sheer determination and a strong desire to escape my frumpy middle-aged wardrobe. I had to retrain myself in the kitchen – planning meals in advance, cooking everything from scratch and choosing healthier lunches, such as a jacket potato over a baguette.Be proud of your changing bodyAs a beautician, I always took great care over my hair and make-up but, as the pounds came off, I started to concentrate more on what was below the neck. At Christmas, the parties and meals out became an opportunity to show off, rather than hide, my curves. Getting ready for a night out turned into a ritual I would luxuriate over, ditching the shapeless trousers and tops for gorgeous dresses.FACTSLost: 3st 2lbHeight: 5'7" Start weight: 12st 7lbCurrent weight: 9st 5lbDon't hide inside - get out and get moving! pre bonded hairWhen I started Weight Watchers, I took my sons out in their double buggy, burning calories as I power-pushed, determined to shift the sluggish feeling that had dogged me for months. I'd start to run regularly once my stamina increased.See healthy living as a long-term commitmentFor 12 years now, I have stayed around my goal weight, keeping to the plan, attending meetings when I need a boost, and enjoying being able to dress how I want. Once I reached goal – all those years ago– I knew there would be no going back.Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.She's been cruising around Italy with her husband Jay Z and daughter Blue Ivy.And Beyonce, 34, decided to treat their little one to a girls day on Tuesday as she donned matching outfits with her four-year-old as they soaked up the sun on the back of the luxury liner.Clad in an orange dress with pink panels, the Flawless hitmaker seemed in good spirits as she dipped her feet into the ocean.Scroll down for videoLike mother, like daughter! Beyonce, 34, decided to treat her little one to a girls day as she donned matching outfits with her four-year-old Blue Ivy in Italy on TuesdayLayering up over a hot pink bikini, Beyonce looked effortlessly glamorous, accessorising with a pair of gold mirrored sunglasses.Adding to the glamour she also donned a temporary gold tattoo across her leg that complemented her tanned complexion.She finished off the look with her honey coloured locks swept back into a half up style, later layering up with a navy headscarf.Helping hand: Clad in an orange dress with pink panels, the Flawless hitmaker seemed in good spirits as she dipped her feet into the ocean and helped Blue do the sameBlue Ivy looked adorable in an outfit that matched her glamorous mothers.Every inch as chic as her superstar parents, the toddler wore an orange dress with a pink cover up.remy hair extensionsHer sweet look was completed with a large pink bow worn over her french plaits.Riding solo: Jay Z, 46, hit the waves as he rode around on a jetskiQueen B: Layering up over a hot pink bikini, Beyonce looked effortlessly glamorous, accessorising with a pair of gold mirrored sunglassesLeggy lady! Adding to the glamour, Beyonce also donned a temporary gold tattoo across her leg that complemented her tanned complexionBlonde beauty: She finished off the look with her honey coloured locks swept back into a half up style, later layering up with a navy headscarfMeanwhile, Jay Z, 46, hit the waves as he rode around on a jetski.Joined by a friend, the rapper tore off into the distance in a plain white T-shirt and grey shorts.Ensuring safety came first, he finished off the look with a red helmet.Double trouble! Blue Ivy looked adorable in an outfit that matched her glamorous mothersShe learnt from the best! Every inch as chic as her superstar parents, the toddler wore an orange dress with a pink cover upPlait's cute! Her sweet look was completed with a large pink bow worn over her french plaitsMaking a splash: Blue looked eager to join her dad in the water as she watched the action with her mum from the railings of the boatFamily fun: Beyonce and her brood have been enjoying some down time after wrapping up the European leg of her Formation World TourTaking it easy: Blue and Beyonce lay back and soaked up the sun on the boatWatching on: Beyonce looked on as Jay Z prepared to jump on his jet skiTaking it easy: Whilst Jay wanted to cruise around the ocean, Beyonce took things easy perruques cheveux naturelsAll hands on deck: The crew set to work preparing the jet ski as Beyonce watched onNice to sea you! Beyonce seemed in good spirits as Jay jumped onto the jet ski in a plain white T-shirt and grey shortsBeyonce and her family have been enjoying some down time after wrapping up the European leg of her Formation World Tour.Last week, they were spotted exploring Lipari, Sicily and also enjoyed a family dinner in Nerano, near Naples.The blonde beauty's tour heads back to the US next month, as she continues to promote her latest album Lemonade.All aboard! Beyonce and her family were joined by a host of friends on the tripSight seeing: Beyonce handed over a pair of binoculars so they could watch the actionGlam: Beyonce looked effortlessly chic on the outingCruising: The family were joined by a friend who also hit the waves on a jet skiCaitlyn Jenner's docu-series has officially been cancelled after two seasons.The 66-year-old confirmed weeks of rumours that I Am Cait is coming to an end on her Twitter page on Tuesday.'After 2 amazing seasons of @IAmCait, it's time for the next adventure,' Caitlyn shared. 'Thank you E! & thank you to the best girlfriends I could ask for!'Coming to an end: Caitlyn Jenner (pictured last month) confirmed on Tuesday that I Am Cait has been cancelled after two seasonsThe news doesn't come as a surprise following much speculation that the show would not return due to low ratings.I Am Cait debuted strong in July of last year, with 2.73million viewers tuning in for the series premiere.However the show failed to hold onto its audience in its second season.perruques cheveuxJust 860,000 viewers watched the season two finale, with ratings dipping as low as 480,000 during the season.'Thank you E!': The 66-year-old announced the news on her Twitter page and said 'it's time for the next adventure'Sharing her story: The docu-series followed Caitlyn after her gender transition'There just weren’t enough viewers,' a source told Radar Online earlier this month. 'The show can’t compete with other programming.'E! released a statement shortly afterwards saying that 'no decision had been made' at that time regarding the future of the show.I Am Cait followed the life of the Olympian, who was born Bruce, after her gender transition.The series was announced by E! immediately after Caitlyn's 20/20 interview with Diane Sawyer in April 2015, in which she revealed she identifies as female.Losing its audience: The show debuted strong, but failed to hold onto viewers during its second seasonCall me Caitlyn: The series was announced by E! immediately after Caitlyn's 20/20 interview with Diane Sawyer in April 2015, in which she revealed she identifies as femaleCaitlyn starred in the show alongside other members of the transgender community, including Jennifer Finney Boylan, Candis Cayne, Chandi Moore, Zackary Drucker and Kate Bornstein, and famously clashed with her co-stars over her support of the Republican party.Jenny shared on Facebook following the news: 'It's official as of today-- I AM CAIT will not be renewed for season 3. I am so very proud of being part of this show, and of its creators Andrea Metz and Jeff Olde in particular, who directed us with passion and grace.'I am grateful for the warm friendships I made with Chandi Moore and Candis Cayne and @katebornstein and Zackary Drucker and @ellagieselle and all of you. (and Kip Zachary and Courtney Nanson, who made us look so fine!) There is more work to do, and I send everyone my love.''I am so very proud': Jennifer Finney Boylan shared a Facebook post thanking her cast-mates following the cancellation'It was one of the best times of my life': Kate Bornstein also tweeted after hearing the newsShe added: 'Official word from the network today- a hard choice for them, I know. I'll have more to say about this in weeks to come, but for now I'll simply say I'm proud of everything we accomplished, and I send everyone involved my very sincere gratitude, and my love.'lace front wigsAnd Kate tweeted: 'Ah, #iamcait is done now. It was one of the best times of my life. Made such good forever friends. #allshowsclose.'Caitlyn's ex-wife Kris Jenner, daughters Kendall and Kylie Jenner and former step-daughters Kim and Khloe Kardashian also made appearances on I Am Cait during its run.Support network: The Olympian was joined on the show with fellow members of the transgender community, including (L-R) Chandi Moore, Candis Cayne, Ella Giselle and Jennifer Finney BoylanLady Gaga is to star in the remake of THE hit musical A Star Is Born alongside Bradley Cooper, who also makes his directorial debut with the weepie.The movie is due to start production next year in California and Gaga will compose and perform new music for the soundtrack.The 30-year-old's name was first mentioned in association with the project back in June but her casting was confirmed on Tuesday by Deadline Hollywood.She was born for it: Lady Gaga, seen at Tony Bennett's 90th birthday bash earlier is August,  is to star in the remake of hit musical A Star Is Born alongside Bradley CooperThe movie tells the story of a young singer-actress who finds fame and romance after she captures the heart of a fading movie star, to be played by Bradley, 41.As his plummeting career and alcoholism take their toll, her star continues to rise.The new film is the third remake of the original love story released 80 years ago in 1937.Back then, Janet Gaynor played the ingenue and Fredric March was the falling star. Judy Garland and James Mason had a go at it in 1954.Double hitter: The 41-year-old actor, pictured at the Los Angeles premiere of War Dogs on Monday, will also makes his directorial debut with the weepieIn 1976, Kris Kristofferson played a fading rock star with Barbra Streisand as a songstress on the rise.It's the first starring role in a movie for Lady Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta.However, the Born This Way songstress has been building her acting creds by co-starring as The Countess in FX's Golden Globe winning American Horror Story.cosplay wigsUps and downs: The 30-year-old stars as a young singer-actress who finds fame and romance after she captures the heart of a fading actor, to be played by BradleyMeanwhile, the movie has been a long time in the works.Beyonce was earlier pegged for the role of the young star on the rise, but the casting fell through after the Crazy In Love singer became pregnant with her daughter Blue Ivy, now four years old.'The world is in for a treat as these great artists craft an all new vision of A Star is Born,' Greg Silverman, Warner Bros. president of creative development and worldwide production,  said in a statement.Small screen to big screen: The Born This Way songstress has been building her acting creds by co-starring as The Countess in FX's Golden Globe winning American Horror Story


Telos Capital Management, Inc. Reviews | Financial Advisory Firm






























































 

Telos Capital Management, Inc.


@telos_capital_management_inc





			Rating: 0



1
2
3
4
5
Your Rating: 



0 Reviews - Submit Your Rating



		http://www.telosinc.com	






Claim This Profile





 
 
		Info & Reviews
		



 
 
		Activity
		



 
 
		Answers
		


 



Telos Capital Management, Inc. Reviews & Info

Telos Capital Management, Inc.'s primary clients are Individuals and High Net Worth Individuals....see more 
Advisors that work at Telos Capital Management, Inc.	

Contact:


12121 Scripps Summit Drive Suite 350
San Diego, CA 92131
                    				




					Main Number: 858-271-6350				


 
Categories:
N/A


		 
	

Telos Capital Management, Inc. Review Highlights


TOTAL RECOMMENDATIONS
0



Recommend

0











Telos Capital Management, Inc. Reviews


No reviews found for Telos Capital Management, Inc.


					Be the first to write a review













Follow


0 Followers


0 Following







Ask Telos Capital Management, Inc. a Question
Send Telos Capital Management, Inc. a direct message


			This correspondence is public. Instead, send a direct message. 


			This is a direct message. Instead, ask a public question. 






or Sign In


Post my question
send message
140





Share or Get your friends opinion about Telos Capital Management, Inc.








Wallet Points 



Q&A
0


Followers
0


Misc
0


Total
0





						I'm Following
		
No users followed


Information on this page is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for any other purpose or advice. In addition, this information does not originate from us and thus, we do not guarantee its accuracy.
You can check the profile page of each professional or company to determine whether they are a paying advertiser (indicated by the word "sponsored"). Regardless of advertiser status, none of the listings, reviews, or other information on Wallet Hub constitutes, in any way, a referral or endorsement by us of the respective financial company or professional, or vice versa. Furthermore, it is important to note that the inclusion of a financial company or professional on Wallet Hub does not necessarily indicate their involvement with the site or control over the information that we display.  Information is displayed first and foremost for the benefit of consumers.



report abuse




Reviews













GET YOUR FREE CREDIT SCORE & REPORT 

Join WalletHub
+ 100% FREE
+ Unlimited Credit Reports
+ Unlimited Credit Scores
+ Credit Monitoring Protection
+ Credit Improvement Tips
+ Automatically Finds Savings

SIGN UP FOR FREE
No credit card needed























Telos Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                           - San Diego                                         , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Diego



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            Telos Capital Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















T 


Telos Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12121 SCRIPPS SUMMIT DR SAN DIEGO, CA 92131
Get Directions



(858) 271-6350
www.telosinc.com                                                                                        





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $584,305.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts Stefan Meierhofer                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Telos Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                           was founded in 2009, and is located at 12121 Scripps Summit Dr in San Diego. Additional information is available at www.telosinc.com                                                                                         or by contacting Stefan Meierhofer                                                                                                        at (858) 271-6350. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Telos Capital Management Inc in San Diego, CA 92131 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» San Diego
» Arts & Entertainment
» Telos Capital Management Inc













Telos Capital Management Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





12121 Scripps Summit Dr Ste 350 San Diego, California 92131


(858) 271-6350


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Telos Capital Management Inc is located at the address 12121 Scripps Summit Dr in San Diego, California 92131.  They can be contacted via phone at (858) 271-6350 for pricing, hours and directions.  Telos Capital Management Inc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Bruce D. Sherman, Telos Capital Management Inc provides Long Term Planning, Family Wealth Planning, Corporate Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Telos Capital Management Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Telos Capital Management Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Corporate Bonds
, Municipal Bonds
, Agency Bonds
, Rollover Plans
, Annuities
, Real Estate Mutual Funds
, Mortgage Investments
, Treasury Bonds
, Mortgages
, Government Securities



SERVICES


Income Planning
, Banking
, Corporate Services
, College Funding
, Wealth Management
, Investment Planning
, Long Term Planning
, Family Wealth Planning



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (858) 271-6350
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 140000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Arts & Entertainment
Consulting Services
Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
Finance
Professional Services
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Sunshine Carpet Upholstery Cleaning


8394 Blue Lake Dr  San Diego, California 92119




Ucan


3405 Kenyon St 401 Ste San Diego, California 92110




Fort Rosecrans National Cemetary


1880 Cabrille Dr  San Diego, California 92101




SAN DIEGO ASSN OF GOVERNMENTS-SANDAG


401 B St Ste 510 San Diego, California 92101




American Liver Foundation


2515 Camino Del Rio S Ste 122 San Diego, California 92108




LAW OFFICE OF MYRA CHACK FLEISCHER


12625 High Bluff Dr 318 Ste San Diego, California 92130





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Bruce D. Sherman

Phone: (858) 271-6350 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










﻿































The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Shares Sold by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for The Travelers Companies Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Travelers Companies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Shares Sold by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) Earns Neutral Rating from MKM Partners
ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Citigroup Inc. Lowers EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE:EOG) to Neutral
Sujal Shah Acquires 10,000 Shares of CymaBay Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:CBAY) Stock
BlackRock Ltd. Duration Income Trust (NYSE:BLW) Major Shareholder Sells $5,000,000.00 in Stock
MB Financial Inc. (NASDAQ:MBFI) Stock Rating Lowered by Piper Jaffray Companies
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Downgrades Boston Beer Company, Inc. (The) (SAM) to Sell
Wildhorse Resource Development Corporation (WRD) Research Coverage Started at Barclays PLC
Credit Suisse Group Downgrades Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI) to Neutral
Wedbush Upgrades Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:FND) to “Outperform”
Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Stake Reduced by Capstone Asset Management Co.
Rocket Internet Se (NASDAQ:RCKZF) Stock Rating Lowered by Barclays PLC
Bank of Montreal Can Has $11.62 Million Position in Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL)
Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Stake Increased by Bank of Montreal Can
Bank of Montreal Can Increases Stake in STARWOOD PROPERTY TRUST, INC. (NYSE:STWD)
Cooper Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:COO) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can
Consort Medical plc (NASDAQ:CSRMY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages
Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IRWD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts
Carnival Corporation (CCL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts




 


The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Shares Sold by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 




Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. reduced its position in  The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) by 26.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 15,073 shares of the insurance provider’s stock after selling 5,323 shares during the period. Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in The Travelers Companies were worth $1,817,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Rosenbaum Jay D. increased its position in shares of  The Travelers Companies by 12.0% in the first quarter. Rosenbaum Jay D. now owns 5,025 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $605,000 after buying an additional 540 shares in the last quarter.  Cohen Lawrence B increased its position in shares of  The Travelers Companies by 26.1% in the first quarter. Cohen Lawrence B now owns 4,540 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $547,000 after buying an additional 940 shares in the last quarter.  McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of  The Travelers Companies by 2.7% in the first quarter. McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. now owns 17,948 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $2,163,000 after buying an additional 466 shares in the last quarter.  Searle & CO. increased its position in shares of  The Travelers Companies by 7.3% in the fourth quarter. Searle & CO. now owns 2,941 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $360,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in shares of  The Travelers Companies during the fourth quarter worth $1,126,000. 77.92% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get The Travelers Companies Inc. alerts:



The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) opened at 125.15 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $126.44 and a 200 day moving average of $122.05. The Travelers Companies, Inc. has a 12-month low of $103.45 and a 12-month high of $129.60. The firm has a market cap of $34.53 billion, a PE ratio of 12.46 and a beta of 1.21. 




The Travelers Companies (NYSE:TRV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, July 20th. The insurance provider reported $1.92 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $2.07 by $0.15. The company had revenue of $6.35 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.31 billion. The Travelers Companies had a net margin of 10.15% and a return on equity of 11.68%. The business’s revenue was up 4.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $2.20 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  The Travelers Companies, Inc. will post $9.02 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 29th. Stockholders of record on Friday, September 8th will be paid a $0.72 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. This represents a $2.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.30%. The Travelers Companies’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 28.77%. 
The Travelers Companies announced that its board has authorized a stock repurchase plan on Thursday, April 20th that authorizes the company to repurchase $5.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization authorizes the insurance provider to buy shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase plans are generally a sign that the company’s leadership believes its stock is undervalued. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) Shares Sold by Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc.” was originally  published by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/24/the-travelers-companies-inc-nysetrv-shares-sold-by-liberty-mutual-group-asset-management-inc.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. Bank of America Corporation downgraded shares of The Travelers Companies from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $120.62 to $129.44 in a research note on Monday, June 19th. BidaskClub raised shares of The Travelers Companies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, June 17th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of The Travelers Companies in a research note on Tuesday, June 20th. Vetr raised shares of The Travelers Companies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $132.68 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and issued a $119.00 target price (up from $112.00) on shares of The Travelers Companies in a research note on Friday, July 7th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $123.47.
In other news, SVP Douglas K. Russell sold 9,686 shares of The Travelers Companies stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $123.00, for a total value of $1,191,378.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 29,267 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,599,841. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP John P. Clifford, Jr. sold 5,500 shares of The Travelers Companies stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $120.92, for a total transaction of $665,060.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 86,377 shares of company stock valued at $10,765,171 in the last quarter. 0.82% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About The Travelers Companies
The Travelers Companies, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Business and International Insurance; Bond & Specialty Insurance, and Personal Insurance. Through its subsidiaries, it provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance products and services. The Business and International Insurance segment offers property and casualty insurance and insurance related services to its clients, in the United States and in Canada, as well as in the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Brazil and throughout other parts of the world.







Receive News & Ratings for The Travelers Companies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Travelers Companies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































Telos Capital Management, Inc. | Wealthminder











































Telos Capital Management, Inc.


Telos Capital Management, Inc.
(CRD# 149108) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
San Diego, CA.
They
manage $395,646,066 in 1,075 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 7 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Telos Capital Management, Inc.




12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131
(858) 271-6350
http://www.telosinc.com




http://www.telosinc.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

396
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1,075
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$368,043







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Financial planning services
Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, FL, HI, IL, NH, TX






Financial Advisors at Telos Capital Management, Inc.




Showing 1 - 10 of 10 top financial advisors.





1















Michelle L. Packer



CRD#:
5837808



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




103

Wealthminder
score







Michelle Packer (CRD# 5837808) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has over 5 years of experience in the finance industry. Michelle Packer has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which putclients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.





2















Warren E. Binstock



CRD#:
4286617



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




96

Wealthminder
score








Warren Binstock (CRD# 4286617) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 15 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Warren Binstock has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






3















Jeremy E. Chaffin



CRD#:
2702397



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




96

Wealthminder
score








Jeremy Chaffin (CRD# 2702397) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 20 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Jeremy Chaffin has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






4















Charles F. Chamberlin



CRD#:
3002808



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




96

Wealthminder
score








Charles Chamberlin (CRD# 3002808) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.






5















Stefan Meierhofer



CRD#:
2115042



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




96

Wealthminder
score








Stefan Meierhofer (CRD# 2115042) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 26 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Stefan Meierhofer has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.






6















Andrew W. Weld



CRD#:
4808244



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




96

Wealthminder
score








Andrew Weld (CRD# 4808244) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 12 years
of experience in the finance industry.






7















Jonathan P. Fairchild



CRD#:
4297762



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




93

Wealthminder
score








Jonathan Fairchild (CRD# 4297762) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






8















Bruce D. Sherman



CRD#:
3171991



La Mesa,
CA





93

Wealthminder
score








Bruce Sherman (CRD# 3171991) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in La Mesa, CA and has 
over 18 years
of experience in the finance industry.






9















Randall L. Whitfield



CRD#:
3009756



Valencia,
CA





93

Wealthminder
score








Randall Whitfield (CRD# 3009756) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in Valencia, CA and has 
over 19 years
of experience in the finance industry.






10















Ryan J. Beckham



CRD#:
6042209



12121 Scripps Summit Drive, Suite 350,
San Diego,
CA
92131




92

Wealthminder
score








Ryan Beckham (CRD# 6042209) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Telos Capital Management, Inc. in San Diego, CA and has 
over 3 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


















TELOS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. - California Company Directory


















«
»
A-Z List :

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0













TELOS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.
TELOS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC. was incorporated on 6/26/2008. This company is now Active. Their business is recorded as Domestic Stock. As so far this company has running for 47 year(s) 221 days.
			











Company Details: 



Company number: 
C3123690


Name: 
TELOS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.


Incorporation date: 
6/26/2008


Type: 
Domestic Stock


Active Status: 
Active












Registered Office Address: 
12121 SCRIPPS SUMMIT DRIFVE,SUITE 350  SAN DIEGO, CA  92131


Last statement filed on: 
1/3/2017


Agent For Service Of Process: 
STEFAN MEIERHOFER  12121 SCRIPPS SUMMIT DRIFVE, SUITE 350  SAN DIEGO, CA  92131


Information updated: 2017-07-20 14:48 added: 2016-02-06 05:33




















Similar

TELOS CONSULTING CORP.
TELOS THEATRE SOCIETY
TELOS HOLDINGS, INC.
TELOS INVESTMENTS INC
TELOS COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT
TELOS EUARESTOS MINISTRIES, INC.
TELOS LEGAL CORP.
TELOS THEOLOGICAL MINISTRIES, INC.
TELOS PARTNERS, INC.
TELOS USA
TELOS ENTERPRISES, INC.
CAPITAL MORTGAGE & FINANCING INC.

Trending

DELORITO ENTERPRISES INCORPORATED
DESERT MIXED MARTIAL ARTS, INC.
PURE COIR PRODUCTS, INC.
SUPERCALI SNACKS INC.
PHILOUS, INC.
CANYON COUNTRY JUNIOR ACADEMY, INC.
ALLCARE FAMILY CLINIC, INC.
IN DEMAND PROMOTIONS INC.
CIS AUTOMOTIVE CONSULTING GROUP, INC.
ARCS RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT INC.
HOMETREE,INC
TELOS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, INC.



Data disclaimer


The information provided on cacompany.org is all collected from official company registers and other public data sources.
				All the data are provided as a guideline and have been prepared only for information purposes only. We try to keep this information correct and up-to-date, but it is not the primary source, and the company registry should always be referred to for definitive information.
				Therefore we cannot make any promises as to the quality of company data. You use the company data entirely at your own risk.


















 









 






Secure solutions for business, government and DoD | Telos






















































































Telos
Solutions that Empower and Protect the Enterprise










About TelosYou are here:HomeAbout Telos













 





















We give you constant confidence in your security posture.
For more than 25 years, Telos Corporation has pursued a single goal: to empower and protect the enterprise with continuous security assurance for people, systems, and information.












We conduct assessments for and defend the most-attacked networks in the world
Telos professionals have conducted thousands of risk assessments worldwide
The first commercial web-based risk management and security compliance application
Reduces your costs for assessment and authorization by up to 70 percent
The DoD’s largest enterprise wireless LAN deployment
We assure the identities of more than 10 million DoD personnel worldwide
Integrator of record for the largest identity application in the U.S. government
Secure communications system of record for all of DoD and the Intelligence Community
Saved the Air Force $80 million by replacing secure communications systems worldwide







Featured Content










Downloads










Contracts
Telos provides solutions and services through several contract vehicles including NETCENTS-2, ADMC-2, DoD ESI, and others.
GSA Schedule
Telos and Xacta solutions are available on the GSA schedule.









Telos Corporation Overview Brochure
Download









Information and Cyber Security Brochure
Download









Secure Mobility Overview Brochure
Download









Identity Management Overview Brochure
Download








+

Featured Content









Contracts
Telos provides solutions and services through several contract vehicles including NETCENTS-2, ADMC-2, DoD ESI, and others.
GSA Schedule
Telos and Xacta solutions are available on the GSA schedule.





+

Downloads












Telos Corporation Overview Brochure
Download









Information and Cyber Security Brochure
Download









Secure Mobility Overview Brochure
Download









Identity Management Overview Brochure
Download












 





Core Values
Corporate Citizenship
Management and Directors
Investor Information

Corporate Governance


Telos News Center

Telos in the News
Events


508 Compliance

AMHS VPAT
Xacta IA Manager VPAT







 
Learn More

Learn more about Telos products, services, and solutions.






 
Job Opportunities

Are you an experienced cyber security or IA professional?































 






Telos Management and Board of Directors




























































































Telos
Solutions that Empower and Protect the Enterprise










Management and DirectorsYou are here:HomeAbout TelosManagement and Directors













 






















John B. Wood
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
As CEO of Telos Corporation, John Wood orchestrates the company’s support of corporations and governments worldwide in the critical areas of cybersecurity, secure mobility, and identity. Prior to joining Telos in 1992, Wood worked on Wall Street after earning his degree in finance and computer science at Georgetown University.
In 2014, Mr. Wood was appointed by Gov. McAuliffe to serve on the Virginia Cyber Security Commission. Established by executive order, the commission is designed “to bring public and private sector experts together to make recommendations on how to make Virginia the national leader in cybersecurity.”
Mr. Wood serves on the boards of Northern Virginia Technology Council (NVTC) and Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts, home of the nationally acclaimed Wolf Trap Institute for Early Learning through the Arts and its Early STEM/Arts program. Mr. Wood is also an active member of the business community, championing the concept of civic entrepreneurship. He is the founding chairman of the Loudoun County CEO Cabinet and served for five years as chairman of Loudoun County’s Economic Development Commission.
In 2012 Mr. Wood was named Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS), the national organization providing compassionate care for the families of America’s fallen military heroes. He served ten years on the board of directors of Project Rebirth, a nonprofit committed to supporting health and healing among victims of tragic loss. The organization’s award-winning documentary film, REBIRTH, employs time-lapse photography of the rebuilding of the Freedom Tower and a “human time lapse” of the journeys of nine people whose lives were dramatically affected by the events of 9/11. A portion of the film is on permanent display at the National 9/11 Museum, and a digital archive of over eight hundred hours is available at the Library of Congress and used by numerous colleges and universities in programs to facilitate healing, foster hope, and build resilience.
 

Edward L. Williams
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer
Edward L. Williams joined the Company in 1993 as a senior vice president responsible for finance, pricing, purchasing, and Defense Contract Audit Agency (“DCAA”) compliance. In 1994, his responsibilities were expanded to include accounting and business development. In 1996, Mr. Williams was appointed to manage the Company’s networking business unit. In 2000, his responsibilities were expanded to include management of the Company’s operations. Mr. Williams was named executive vice president and COO in 2003 and Interim CFO in October 2003. He stepped down as Interim CFO of the Company in January 2005. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Williams was the CFO for Centel Federal Systems and M/A.com Information Systems, both of which are U.S. Government contractors. Mr. Williams has a Bachelor of Science in Finance from the University of Maryland.
 

Michele Nakazawa
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Michele Nakazawa joined the Company in March 2004 as vice president and controller. In January 2005, Ms. Nakazawa was promoted to senior vice president and appointed to serve as CFO. She was promoted again in 2008 to become executive vice president. Ms. Nakazawa has over 20 years experience in finance and accounting. Prior to joining the Company, she held various positions, including CFO of Ubizen, Inc., a U.S. subsidiary of a publicly-held Belgian company, from 1999 to 2003; controller and treasurer of National Security Analysts, Inc. from 1991 to 1997, and financial analyst for Federal Systems Division of IBM, Inc. from 1983 to 1990. Ms. Nakazawa is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Masters of Science in Accounting from American University and a Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry from Goucher College.
 

Jefferson V. Wright
Executive Vice President, General Counsel
A thirty-one year veteran of the law firm Miles & Stockbridge P.C., Jeff Wright was named executive vice president and general counsel for Telos Corporation in 2013. Wright has extensive experience in complex business litigation and business counseling in industries as diverse as cybersecurity, financial services, telecommunications and information technology, manufacturing, insurance, real estate, and the public sector.  He has handled hundreds of cases at all levels of state and federal courts and in commercial arbitrations. Wright received his undergraduate degree from Tufts University in 1977 and completed his law degree at Georgetown University Law Center in 1980. Prior to joining Miles & Stockbridge in 1981, he clerked for Associate Judge J. Dudley Digges on the Court of Appeals of Maryland.  He is admitted to practice in Maryland, where Telos is incorporated, and Virginia as a Virginia Corporate Counsel.  Listed in Best Lawyers each year since 2003, named Banking and Finance Litigation Lawyer of the Year in Baltimore in the 2013 edition, and included in Maryland Super Lawyers as a Top 100 Lawyer, Mr. Wright is an accomplished litigator and business consultant on complex business issues and dispute resolution.
 

Emmett Wood
Executive Vice President, Marketing and Strategy
Emmett Wood is executive vice president of marketing and strategy at Telos Corporation, a position he has held since April 2013.  He is responsible for brand management, marketing communications, sponsorships and events, media and analyst relations, government relations, employee communications and corporate community relations. He is also responsible for planning and developing new strategic initiatives for Telos around partnerships, strategic acquisitions and technology.  Wood joined the company in 1996 and worked in various roles at Telos in both marketing and business development.  He worked on the federal sales team, commercial and partner/channel groups and most recently served as director of commercial and channel sales.  Prior to working with Telos, he worked for Enterworks, Inc., in sales and marketing.  Previously, he worked in the sales and marketing groups at Dow Jones, Inc., and The Wall Street Journal.  Wood is a graduate of Georgetown University, with a B.A. in political science.
 

Brendan D. Malloy
Senior Vice President, General Manager, Cyber Operations and Defense
Brendan D. Malloy joined the Company in 1996, serving initially as a senior account executive before being promoted to director of DoD Sales, and later to vice president of DoD Sales. In January 2005 he was appointed senior vice president of sales. He was later promoted to senior vice president and general manager of the Secure Networks solution area in support of opportunities in DoD, federal agencies, and the intelligence community, as well as channel relationships through the Telos Partner Program. In 2012, Mr. Malloy became senior vice president and general manager of Cyber Operations and Defense, providing leadership in sales and business development, implementation and operations. Before joining the Telos team, he held several positions with QMS Federal, leaving as their national government sales manager. He is a graduate of Curry College, with a B.A. in Communications. He is a member of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA) and the Association of the United States Army (AUSA). Mr. Malloy also serves on Board of Directors for a Loudoun Virginia 501(c) youth basketball league.
 

Mark Griffin
President and General Manager, Telos Identity Management Solutions, LLC
Mark Griffin joined the Company in 1984 as program manager. He was promoted to vice president for the Company’s Traditional Business Division in January 2004 and to vice president, identity management, effective January 2007. He was appointed in April 2007 to head the newly formed Telos Identity Management Solutions, LLC. Mr. Griffin has over 20 years experience in government IT contracting, materials management and systems integration projects in the electronics and communications fields. He has been involved in day-to-day operations of and has had overall management responsibility for many of Telos’ most critical programs for the Army, Navy, Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC), General Services Administration (GSA) and Immigration and Naturalization Services (INS). Mr. Griffin holds a Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.
 

Richard P. Tracy
Senior Vice President, Chief Security Officer

Richard P. Tracy joined the Company in October 1986 and held a number of management positions within the Company’s New Jersey operation. In February 1996, he was promoted to vice president of the Telos information security group and in this capacity established a formidable information security consulting practice. In February 2000, Mr. Tracy was promoted to senior vice president for operations. Since that time, Mr. Tracy has pioneered the development of innovative and highly scalable enterprise risk management technologies that have become industry-leading solutions within the federal government and the financial services verticals. He is the co-inventor of Xacta IA Manager and is the principal inventor listed on five patents in the areas of automated risk and compliance management and continuous monitoring. Mr. Tracy assumed the role of chief security officer in 2004.
 

Rinaldi Pisani
Senior Vice President, Strategic Business Development
Rinaldi Pisani is senior vice president of strategic business development, a position he assumed in late 2013. He is responsible for overseeing Telos’ corporate level business development and capture activities as well as the integration of new partners and technologies. Pisani joined Telos Corporation in 2000 and served as senior Army account manager and team lead and director of Army and DoD sales. He was later appointed vice president of business development for information assurance solutions and in 2010 became vice president and general manager of the information assurance solution area. Pisani was then vice president of cyber application solutions, providing oversight and management for a broad range of cybersecurity solutions, including Xacta IA Manager and SE7EN, for customers in the DoD, federal agencies, and the intelligence community. Before joining the Telos team, he held several positions with Westwood Computer, leaving as national government sales manager. Pisani is a graduate of Georgetown University, with a B.S. in Foreign Service, international economics.
 

Hugh Barrett
Vice President, Technical Solutions
Hugh Barrett is vice president of Technical Solutions for Telos Corporation, a position he has held since 2012. He is responsible for technical solutions offered by the company’s Cyber Operations and Defense solution area.  He joined the company in 1999 and has served as vice president of product development. Prior to joining Telos, he held the position of Sr. Product Manager for Information Builders in NYC.  Mr. Barrett holds a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science from the State University of New York College at Brockport.  He is also a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) and a Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP).
 
Director Biographies
The following is certain biographical information concerning the board of directors of the Company. The term of each of the directors to be elected at the Annual Meeting continues until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until his successor is elected and qualified, except that the directorships held by the Class D Directors will terminate whenever all accumulated dividends on the Public Preferred Stock have been paid.


John B. Wood, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board


John Wood is chief executive officer, chairman of the board and director for Telos Corporation. As CEO, he orchestrates the company’s support of the federal government in the critical areas of cyber operations and defense, secure communications and collaboration, and identity assurance. Wood joined the company in 1992 as executive vice president and chief operating officer, and in 1994 was named president and CEO.
He has also served as CEO of Enterworks, an affiliated company, from 1996 to August 2005, and as chairman from January 1995 until present. Prior to joining Telos, Wood worked on Wall Street for Dean Witter Reynolds, UBS Securities and his own boutique investment bank. He earned a bachelor’s degree in finance and computer science from Georgetown University.
In 2012 Wood was named Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS).  TAPS is the national organization providing compassionate care for the families of America’s fallen military heroes and has offered support to more than 35,000 surviving family members of our fallen military since 1994.
Wood was elected to the board of directors of Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts in 2013. Featuring three performance venues and the Center for Education at Wolf Trap, the foundation produces and presents a full range of performance and education programs. The nationally acclaimed Wolf Trap Institute for Early Learning through the Arts has launched an innovative science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) initiative to develop, implement, evaluate, and disseminate arts-integrated STEM teaching strategies that improve children’s learning in the disciplines essential for maintaining our national competitiveness in a global economy.
Wood served ten years on the board of directors of Project Rebirth, a nonprofit honoring 9/11 victims and first responders and committed to advancing educational initiatives to build pre-trauma resiliency for first responders.
Wood is also an active member of the business community, championing the concept of civic entrepreneurship. He is the founding chairman of the Loudoun County CEO Cabinet and served for five years as chairman of Loudoun County’s Economic Development Commission, a group of volunteer business people who help form economic development policy for Loudoun County.


Bernard C. Bailey, Director


Chairman and CEO of Paraquis Solutions LLC, a privately held consulting and information technology services firm, since 2006. Dr. Bailey’s career spans over two decades of management experience in the high technology and security industries. He served most recently from August 2002 to September 2006 as the President and CEO of Viisage Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:VISG), a leading provider of advanced technology identity solutions. Under his four years of leadership, Viisage’s market capitalization grew from $60 million to over $1 billion. During that period, the company executed nine acquisitions, eventually culminating in the formation of L1 Identity Solutions, a NYSE listed company (NYSE:ID). Prior to Viisage, from January 2001 to August 2002, Dr. Bailey served in various executive roles, including COO at Art Technology Group, a leading provider of e-commerce software. From 1984 to 2001, Dr. Bailey held a variety of finance, sales, marketing, and operations positions at IBM, where he also served in executive roles involved in the growth and development of IBM Global Service’s systems integration and consulting business lines. Dr. Bailey has been a member of the Company’s Board of Directors since October 2006.  In addition to his duties with Telos, Dr. Bailey serves as a director on the board of Analogic Corp. (NASDAQ:ALOG) and Authentix Corporation, a privately held company.  Previously, until April 2011, Dr. Bailey also served on the Board of Spectrum Control, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPEC) and until January 2012, on the board of Identive Corporation (NASDAQ:INVE). Dr. Bailey holds a Masters level certificate from the American College of Corporate Directors, a public company director education and credentialing organization. Dr. Bailey has significant experience in finance matters and within the Company’s industry.  He also has served on a number of boards of public companies, and the experience gained by serving on those boards will make him a valuable resource for the Board and the Company.


David Borland, Director


President of the Borland Group, an information technology consulting company, since January 2004. Mr. Borland was elected to the Board of Directors in March 2004 after retiring as Deputy Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) of the U.S. Army with more than 30 years of experience in the U.S. Government. Mr. Borland’s career Army experience also includes serving as Vice Director of Information Systems for Command, Control, Communications, and Computers; Director of the Information Systems Selection and Acquisition Agency; and numerous other positions. From 1966 through 1970, Mr. Borland served in the U.S. Air Force. Mr. Borland has received numerous awards, including the Meritorious Presidential Rank Award for Senior Executive Service Members (1996 and 2003), the Distinguished Presidential Rank Award (2000), and the United States Army Decoration for Exceptional Civilian Service (1998 and 2003).   Mr. Borland’s industry experience and extensive service with the U.S. Army make him a valuable member of the Board of Directors.


Seth W. Hamot, Director


Managing Member, Roark, Rearden & Hamot Capital Management, LLC (“RRHCM”), and owner of Roark, Rearden & Hamot, Inc. (“RRHI”), since 1997, and President of Roark, Rearden & Hamot, LLC (“RRH”) since 2002.  Mr. Hamot has been a director of the Company since June 18, 2007.  Mr. Hamot was nominated for election by Costa Brava Partnership III L.P. (“Costa Brava”), an investment fund and a holder of the Public Preferred Stock.  Since 1997, Mr. Hamot has been the Managing Member of RRHCM and the owner of RRHI, the corporate predecessor of RRHCM. RRHCM is the investment manager to Costa Brava, whose principal business is to make investments in, buy, sell, hold, pledge and assign securities. Mr. Hamot is also the President of RRH, the general partner of Costa Brava. Prior to 1997, Mr. Hamot was one of the partners of the Actionvest entities.  Mr. Hamot is presently a director of Orange 21, Inc., a NASDAQ company. Previously, he also served as chairman of TechTeam Global, Inc., a NASDAQ company.  Mr. Hamot was elected pursuant to the Company’s governing documents by the holders of the Public Preferred Stock and his election is not subject to any recommendations for election by the Board.


Lt. Gen. Bruce Harris (USA, Ret.), Director


Retired, United States Army Lieutenant General.  General Harris was elected to the Board in August 2006. He retired from the United States Army in September of 1989 after more than 33 years of continuous active duty. At the time of his retirement, General Harris was the Director of Information Systems for Command, Control, Communications and Computers in the Office of the Secretary of the Army, Washington, D.C. In that capacity he served as the principal advisor to the Secretary and Chief of Staff of the Army on all aspects of policy, planning, resourcing and acquisition of communications, automation, information management and command and control systems in the United States Army. Since his retirement, General Harris has worked with many of America’s leading corporations as a consultant on matters relating to the development of strategic and business plans, resource planning and budget formulation. General Harris is also a director of Hunter Defense Technologies, a privately held company focused on the development of comprehensive solutions to provide shelter, heat, power generation and chem/bio protection for a wide variety of military and homeland security applications.  General Harris has extensive experience with the U.S. Army, including the U.S. Defense Security Service, which is very valuable to the Board and the Company.


Lt. Gen. Charles S. Mahan, Jr. (USA, Ret.), Director 


Retired Vice President and General Manager of the Law Enforcement and Security strategic business unit of DynCorp International, a company providing technology and professional services solutions to government and commercial clients worldwide, where he served from January 2007 to July 2008.  From July 2006 to December 2006, he served first as President and Chief Operating Officer of Horne Engineering Services, LLC, an engineering services firm, and then as Chief Operating Officer of Horne International, an affiliate of Horne Engineering Services, LLC. From July 2005 to July 2006, he was Vice President of Homeland Security and Defense for SAP Public Services, Inc. (a U.S. business unit of the German software giant, SAP AG), where he led both SAP’s Homeland Defense practice and its business development efforts supporting federal, state, and local government organizations. Immediately following his November 2003 retirement from the Army, where he attained the rank of Lieutenant General and served as the Army’s Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, General Mahan joined The Home Depot, Inc., a home repair materials company, serving as Senior Director of its Government Solutions Group. General Mahan has been a member of the Board of Directors since August 2006.  He currently serves as a director on the board of O’Neil and Associates, a privately owned management company. He also serves on the board of advisors for Goldbelt Wolf, a subsidiary of Goldbelt, a tribal-owned Alaskan Native Claims Settlement Act company, and on the board of trustees for the Fisher House Foundation. From 2009 to 2011 General Mahan also served on the Board of Spectrum Control, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPEC). General Mahan holds a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, a public company director education and credentialing organization.  General Mahan’s comprehensive experience with the U.S. Army and service with two defense contractors make General Mahan a valuable resource for the Board and management.


Maj. Gen. John W. Maluda (USAF, Ret.), Director


Retired, United States Air Force Major General.  General Maluda was elected to the Board in October 2009. He retired from the United States Air Force in September 2009 after more than 34 years of continuous active duty. At the time of his retirement, General Maluda was Director of Cyberspace Transformation and Strategy, in the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, and Chief Information Officer. In that capacity, he shaped doctrine, strategy, and policy for communications and information activities and served as the functional advocate for 30,000 personnel. Prior to that, General Maluda was Vice Commander, 8th Air Force, Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana. General Maluda enlisted in the Air Force in 1973 and received his commission in 1978 as a distinguished graduate of the ROTC program at Troy State University, Alabama. His career highlights included serving at three major commands, with unified combatant commands, a defense agency, the White House and the Air Staff. General Maluda’s staff experience included positions at Headquarters U.S. Air Force, Air Combat Command, U.S. Air Force in Europe, Air Force Special Operations Command, U.S. Space Command and the White House Communications Agency. General Maluda holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Auburn University, a Masters Degree in Systems Management from the University of Southern California, as well as an Advanced Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, a public company director education and credentialing organization.  General Maluda retired from the U.S. Air Force in 2009 and has broad industry insight which makes him a valuable member of the Board of Directors.


Robert J. Marino, Director and Executive Vice President Special Projects 


Executive Vice President, Special Projects for the Company.  Mr. Marino joined the Company in 1988 as Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing. In 1990, his responsibilities were expanded to include Program Management in addition to Sales and Marketing. In January 1994, Mr. Marino was appointed to President of Telos Systems Integration, and in January 1998, he was appointed to Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, a position he held until June 2004 at which time he was appointed Executive Vice President for Special Projects.  Prior to joining the Company in February 1988, Mr. Marino held the position of Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing with Centel Federal Systems and M/A.com Information Systems, both of which are U.S. Government contractors.  Mr. Marino was elected to the Board of Directors in June 2004. In addition to his duties with Telos, Mr. Marino serves as director on the board of Aquatic Energy, an algae to bio-diesel company.  Mr. Marino has served the Company for over 20 years and remains a valuable advisor to the Company’s various business lines.


Andrew R. Siegel, Director


Managing Member, White Bay Capital Management, LLC.  Mr. Siegel has been a director of the Company since June 18, 2007.  Mr. Siegel was nominated by Costa Brava, a holder of the Public Preferred Stock.  Mr. Siegel was a Senior Vice President of RRHCM from 2005 to December 2008. Prior to joining RRHCM, from July 2003 to February 2004, Mr. Siegel was a member of DebtTraders Ltd. Prior to that, from 2000 to 2002, he worked for Deutsche Bank Securities. In addition, in 2002 he was the founding member of White Bay Capital Management, LLC, of which he remains a member. Previously, Mr. Siegel also served on the Board of TechTeam Global, Inc., a NASDAQ company. Mr. Siegel received a Bachelor’s Degree from American University and a Masters Degree in Business Administration from the University of Maryland.  Mr. Siegel was elected pursuant to the Company’s governing documents by the holders of the Public Preferred Stock and his election is not subject to any recommendations for election by the Board.





 





Core Values
Corporate Citizenship
Management and Directors
Investor Information

Corporate Governance


Telos News Center

Telos in the News
Events


508 Compliance

AMHS VPAT
Xacta IA Manager VPAT




























