




Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. - Pooled Investment Fund- Johnson  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Maples Corporate Services Limited Ugland House 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1104Phone: 3459498066 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-20


Amended


$9,650,000


$850,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-06


Amended


$8,800,000


$1,600,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-02-13


Amended


$7,200,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-10-20


Amended


$7,200,000


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-04-23


Amended


$7,200,000


$2,200,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-01-09


New


$5,000,000


$5,000,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jennifer M. Johnson 
 Director 


 Scott M. Lee 
 Director 


 John M. Lusk 
 Director 


 Gregory E. Mc Gowan 
 Director 


 Jed A. Plafker 
 Director 


 Gwen Shaneyfelt 
 Director 





















 













 




Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.
List of persons related to the company Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd..

CIK Number: 0001566916IRS Number: 981080475Company address: C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 3459498066



People related to Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryE. McGowan  Gregory300 S.E. 2nd Street 11th FloorFort LauderdaleFLShaneyfelt  GwenOne Franklin Parkway 970/3San MateoCAA. Plafker  JedOne Franklin Parkway 960/4San MateoCAJ JOHNSON  JENNIFERONE FRANKLIN PARKWAY SAN MATEOCAM. Lusk  JohnOne Franklin Parkway San MateoCAM LEE  SCOTTONE FRANKLIN PARKWAY SAN MATEOCA




Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. on the Web
Related companiesTempleton China Opportunities Fund, Ltd., Templeton Global Bond Plus (Cayman) Fund, Ltd., Templeton Global Bond Plus Fund, L.P., Templeton Global Summits (Cayman) Fund, Ltd., Templeton Global Summits Fund, L.P., TEMPLETON RYE SPIRITS HOLDINGS, LLC, Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets Fund III (Cayman) LP, TEMPLETON STRATEGIC EMERGING MARKETS FUND III LP, Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets Fund IV (Cayman), L.P., Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets Fund IV, L.P.












 








Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.  Funding details


Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001566916IRS Number: 981080475Address: C/O MAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITED UGLAND HOUSE GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 3459498066



Latest news
Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. raised $9,650,000 from 3 investors on 2016-10-20.



Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-20Amended Form DIndefinite$9,650,000Indefinite$100,000306b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-10-06Amended Form DIndefinite$8,800,000Indefinite$100,000306b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2015-02-13Amended Form DIndefinite$7,200,000Indefinite$100,000206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-10-20Amended Form DIndefinite$7,200,000Indefinite$100,000206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-04-23Amended Form DIndefinite$7,200,000Indefinite$2,200,000206b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2014-01-09New Form DIndefinite$5,000,000Indefinite$5,000,000106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd. raised $9,650,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.
Key People in Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (Cayman) Fund, Ltd.:

JENNIFER JOHNSONJohn LuskSCOTT LEEGregory McGowanJed PlafkerGwen Shaneyfelt
Similar companiesTempleton Global Bond Plus (Cayman) Fund, Ltd., Templeton China Opportunities Fund, Ltd., Templeton Global Bond Plus Fund, L.P., TEMPLETON STRATEGIC EMERGING MARKETS FUND III LP, Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets Fund III (Cayman) LP, Templeton Global Summits Fund, L.P., Templeton Global Summits (Cayman) Fund, Ltd., Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets Fund IV, L.P., Templeton Strategic Emerging Markets Fund IV (Cayman), L.P., TEMPLETON RYE SPIRITS HOLDINGS, LLC








Last visited companies: Satori Alpha, LP, Snap Pots, LLC, Strong Seed Fund I LP, Sunstone Assurance, LLC, Sunstone Assurance, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.















  TFMAX Quote - Templeton Frontier Markets Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Templeton Frontier Markets Fund   TFMAX:US   NASDAQ GM        12.88USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/27/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Fund    52Wk Range   10.67 - 12.89    1 Yr Return   19.89%    YTD Return   18.38%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   12.88    52Wk Range   10.67 - 12.89    1 Yr Return   20.00%    YTD Return   18.38%    Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Emerging Market Stock    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   International    NAV (on 07/27/2017)   12.88    Total Assets (m USD) (on 06/30/2017)   121.399    Inception Date   10/14/2008    Last Dividend (on 12/28/2016)   0.0141    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.11%    Fund Managers   ALLAN LAM / DENNIS CHONG-BOON LIM    Front Load Fee   5.75%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.25%    Current Mgmt Fee   1.45%    Expense Ratio   2.15%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        DHG:VN   DHG Pharmaceutical JSC    1.61 m 8.78 m 6.92      DLTA:ZH   Delta Corp Ltd/Zimbabwe    5.91 m 7.50 m 5.91      FRIXX:US   Franklin Templeton US Governme    6.48 m 6.48 m 5.11      ARMX:UH   Aramex PJSC    3.47 m 4.89 m 3.85      KNCB:KN   KCB Group Ltd    11.96 m 4.36 m 3.43      BMP:VN   Binh Minh Plastics JSC    955.77 k 4.16 m 3.28      NBK:KK   National Bank of Kuwait SAKP    1.85 m 4.12 m 3.24      VNM:VN   Vietnam Dairy Products JSC    573.59 k 3.98 m 3.13      SNTS:BC   Sonatel    96.20 k 3.97 m 3.13      EABL:KN   East African Breweries Ltd    1.69 m 3.92 m 3.08           Profile   Templeton Frontier Markets Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in securities of companies located in "frontier market countries".    Address  Franklin TempletonOne Franklin ParkwaySan Mateo, CA 94403-1906   Phone  1-800-632-2301   Website   www.franklinresources.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (cayman) Fund Ltd - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/139395-templeton-frontier-markets-equity-cayman-fund-ltdsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=139395  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (cayman) Fund LtdCompany DetailsGet alertedif Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (cayman) Fund Ltd gets funded!Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (cayman) Fund LtdFunding history Key peopleCountry:City:SingaporeSingaporeIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors April 22nd, 2014$7,200,000-View DealJanuary 8th, 2014$5,000,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Templeton Frontier Markets Equity (cayman) Fund Ltd gets funded?Key peopleJennifer JohnsonDirectorScott LeeDirectorJohn LuskDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Templeton Frontier Markets Fund - TFMAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Frontier Markets Fund - TFMAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email




















                    [alert-heading]
                






May 31 2017
Templeton Frontier Markets Fund Re-opened to New Investors
                            - 
            Read More
        

Effective May 31, 2017, Templeton Frontier Markets Fund re-opened to new investors. If you have further questions regarding this change, please contact your financial advisor or call Franklin Templeton Investor Services at (800) 632-2301.














TFMAX





Templeton Frontier Markets Fund





            Share Class
         A 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/27/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.00


$12.88




            POP


$13.67




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

18.38%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

15.49%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

0.93%





            Since inception
        

            Inception:
        10/14/2008

5.04%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   19R   674




            Fund Number
        

096




            Inception Date
        


Oct 14, 2008




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$127.0  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 08/01/2016 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        


2.15%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

2.05%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

5.75%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.25%














            Fund Description
        




Templeton Frontier Markets Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by normally investing at least 80% of its net assets in securities of companies located in "frontier market countries"—which, in general, are a sub-set of those currently considered to be developing by the World Bank, the International Finance Corporation, the United Nations, or the countries' authorities, or countries with a stock market capitalization of less than 3% of the MSCI World Index.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Frontier markets have gained recent attention due to notable growth rates and low correlation to developed markets. They may be an option for long-term investors with above-average risk tolerance."                                            
                                            












Management







Mark Mobius, Ph.D

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1987
Managed Fund Since 2008










Tom Wu, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1987
Managed Fund Since 2011











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017






            Rating Category:
         Diversified Emerging Mkts




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



1 
            Stars
        



634


5



2 
            Stars
        




436


10



 
            Stars
        
            —
        

—







            Morningstar Style Box
        

            We do not publish a style box for this fund.
        





            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for over half a century.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Frontier Markets Exposure. The fund's investment mix is designed to take advantage of dynamic emerging market growth opportunities as they arise across the globe.
Unsurpassed Global Resources. Our global reach includes offices in Hong Kong, Buenos Aires, Bucharest and Ho Chi Minh City, as well as Singapore, Mumbai, Cape Town and Dubai.
Low Correlation. Stock markets in frontier market countries are uniquely positioned in terms of industry strengths and economic drivers, which has contributed to a record of low correlation among these countries.
Unparalleled Emerging Markets Experience. Investors can benefit from lead manager Dr. Mobius, a trailblazer in emerging markets investing with over 30 years of investing experience.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments.
Investments in emerging markets, of which frontier markets are a subset, involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets’ smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets.
Because these frameworks are typically even less developed in frontier markets, as well as various factors including the increased potential for extreme price volatility, illiquidity, trade barriers and exchange controls, the risks associated with emerging markets are magnified in frontier markets.
To the extent the fund focuses on particular countries, regions, industries, sectors or types of investment from time to time, it may be subject to greater risks of adverse developments in such areas of focus than a fund that invests in a wider variety of countries, regions, industries, sectors or investments.
The fund’s ability to invest in smaller company securities that may have limited liquidity involves additional risks, such as relatively small revenues, limited product lines and small market share.
The fund is designed for the aggressive portion of a well-diversified portfolio.
These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund’s prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        
$1,000.00



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments. Investments in emerging markets, of which frontier markets are a subset, involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets' smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets. Because these frameworks are typically even less developed in frontier markets, as well as various factors including the increased potential for extreme price volatility, illiquidity, trade barriers and exchange controls, the risks associated with emerging markets are magnified in frontier markets. To the extent the fund focuses on particular countries, regions, industries, sectors or types of investment from time to time, it may be subject to greater risks of adverse developments in such areas of focus than a fund that invests in a wider variety of countries, regions, industries, sectors or investments. The fund's ability to invest in smaller company securities that may have limited liquidity involves additional risks, such as relatively small revenues, limited product lines and small market share. The fund is designed  for the aggressive portion of a well-diversified portfolio. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI Frontier Markets Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI Frontier Markets Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include an expense reduction contractually guaranteed through 7/31/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 




	Templeton Frontier Markets Fund A(acc)USD|LU0390136736























By continuing to use this site you consent to the use of cookies on your device. Find out more about our cookie policy and the types of cookies we use by clicking here





You currently DO NOT have javascript enabled, to view our site this must be enabled, read more



















	
			Welcome to Morningstar
		


Type Ticker, Company or Fund Name


 










Sign Up


Login

Company Site














HomePortfolioInvesting for RetirementEquitiesOEIC / Unit TrustsInvestment TrustsETFsMarketsToolsAdvisers 



Funds Basics

Fund Performance

Fund Compare

Fund Research and Commentary

Video

Investing Mastermind







 


Welcome to Morningstar.co.uk!
You have been redirected here from Hemscott.com as we are merging our websites to provide you with a one-stop shop for all your investment research needs.  Get Started: To search for a security, type the name or ticker in the search box at the top of the page and select from the dropdown results. Registered Hemscott users can log in to Morningstar using the same login details. Similarly, if you are a Hemscott Premium user, you now have a Morningstar Premium account which you can access using the same login details.