










 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Arnold & Porter in NY Gains Sheppard Mullin IP Partner - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










Make sure you don't miss any Law360 breaking news.
Download our plug-in for Chrome to get customizable, real-time news alerts 





Arnold & Porter in NY Gains Sheppard Mullin IP Partner



        By Aaron Vehling



					Law360, New York (October 9, 2014,  2:34 PM EDT) -- Arnold & Porter LLP has announced that it has snagged a Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP attorney with life sciences experience as partner to expand its corporate and intellectual property practice groups in its New York office.Blaine Templeman joined Arnold & Porter on Tuesday, bringing with him 20 years of experience helping clients navigate the complex world of domestic and international IP transactions in the life sciences realm. Arnold & Porter chairman Thomas H. Milch in a Tuesday statement lauded Templeman’s tool chest of...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Intellectual Property



Life Sciences



New York


Law Firms

 Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer
 Sheppard Mullin

Companies

 Aduro Biotech Inc.







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
NY High Court Judge's Death Ruled A Suicide


2
Linklaters Atty Denies Link To Husband's Alleged Fraud


3
How To Manage Health Care Costs And Keep Lawyers Happy


4
Apple Vs. Qualcomm Battle Heats Up: What You Need To Know


5
Dentons Scores 14-Atty Patent Team From MoFo















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Intellectual Property
											

 Life Sciences
											

 New York
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Mergers & Acquisitions
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Private Equity
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Intellectual Property newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!
















MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































MAN SE Company Profile (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)
 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: N/A
Industry: N/A
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: OTCMKTS:MAGOY
CUSIP: N/A
Web: N/A

Capitalization:Market Cap: $7.9 billionOutstanding Shares: 735,199,000Average Prices:52 Week Range: $9.62 - $10.77


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: P/E Growth: Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $15.56 billionPrice / Sales: 0.51Book Value: $8.98 per sharePrice / Book: 1.20Dividend:Dividend Yield: 3.5%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $817.01 millionMisc:Average Volume: 173 shs.

 

Frequently Asked Questions for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)
What is MAN SE's stock symbol?

MAN SE trades on the OTCMKTS under the ticker symbol "MAGOY."



How often does MAN SE pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for MAN SE?

MAN SE declared a None dividend on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Friday, May 26th will be given a dividend of $0.222 per share on Monday, June 12th. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th.  View MAN SE's Dividend History.



Who are some of MAN SE's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to MAN SE include Koninklijke KPN NV (KKPNY), National Bank of Canada (NTIOF), Hannover Ruck SE (HVRRY), Swire Pacific (SWRAY), UPM-Kymmene Corp. (UPMKY), BANKIA S.A. EUR1 (POST CONS) (BNKXF), Iliad Unspon (ILIAY), Fresnillo PLC (FNLPF), TORAY INDS INC ADR(REP 10 (TRYIY), Novozymes A/S (NVZMY), GENMAB AS DKK1 (GNMSF), Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY), Galp Energia SGPS SA (GLPEY), Energias de Portugal (EDPFY), Lonza Group Ag (LZAGY), Olympus Corp. (OCPNY), Julius Baer Gruppe (JBAXY) and ANA Holdings (ALNPY).



How do I buy MAN SE stock? 

Shares of MAN SE can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is MAN SE's stock price today?

One share of MAN SE stock can currently be purchased for approximately $10.75.


MarketBeat Community Rating for MAN SE (OTCMKTS MAGOY)Community Ranking:  2.7 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  22 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  19 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  41MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about MAN SE and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: No ratings tracked in the last 12 months.Consensus Rating:N/A (Score: NaN)Consensus Price Target: N/A

Analysts' Ratings History for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


                    No equities research coverage for this company has been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Earnings
Earnings History for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)No earnings announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)No earnings estimates for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Dividends
Dividend History by Quarter for MAN SE (OTCMKTS MAGOY)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date6/29/2017None$0.225/24/20175/26/20176/12/2017(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading History for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)No insider trades for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Headlines
Headline Trends for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)


Latest Headlines for MAN SE (OTCMKTS:MAGOY)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




No headlines for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Social





Chart
MAN SE (MAGOY) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff





















































Blaine Templeman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Blaine Templeman
Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel at Aduro Biotech


View Full Profile
Are you Blaine Templeman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Blaine Templeman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Blaine Templeman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Blaine Templeman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Blaine Templeman through your network of contacts.
												








Blaine Templeman's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, 
Aduro Biotech


Past
To view Blaine Templeman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
51

 
 


Blaine Templeman's Biography



Blaine Templeman has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since September 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Templeman was a corporate and intellectual property partner at Arnold & Porter LLP, a multinational law firm, where he counseled U.S. and international clients on the protection, development and commercialization of their products, intellectual property portfolios, contract manufacturing, clinical trials, research and outsourcing. Prior to joining Arnold & Porter LLP in 2014, Mr. Templeman served as a partner at Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, a multinational law firm, since 2008. Mr. Templeman holds a ...
(Read More)

			Blaine Templeman has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since September 2015. Prior to joining us, Mr. Templeman was a corporate and intellectual property partner at Arnold & Porter LLP, a multinational law firm, where he counseled U.S. and international clients on the protection, development and commercialization of their products, intellectual property portfolios, contract manufacturing, clinical trials, research and outsourcing. Prior to joining Arnold & Porter LLP in 2014, Mr. Templeman served as a partner at Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP, a multinational law firm, since 2008. Mr. Templeman holds a J.D. from New York University and a B.S. from Oral Roberts University.
		
Source: Aduro Biotech on 04/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Blaine Templeman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Blaine Templeman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Blaine Templeman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Blaine Templeman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Blaine Templeman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Blaine Templeman


















Blaine Templeman's Connections (12)





Sign up now to view Blaine Templeman's 12 connections »









Frank McCormick
Former Board Member, Aduro Biotech









Gerald Chan
Former Board Member, Aduro Biotech









Stephanie M. O'Brien
Former Board Member, Aduro Biotech









William M. Greenman
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Cerus Corporation









Stephen T. Isaacs
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Aduro Biotech









Ross Haghighat
Board Member, Aduro Biotech









Gregory W. Schafer
Chief Operating Officer, Aduro Biotech









Stephen A. Sherwin
Board Member, Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc.









Natalie Sacks
Chief Medical Officer, Aduro Biotech









Thomas W. Dubensky
Chief Scientific Officer, Aduro Biotech








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Aduro Biotech Appoints Blaine Templeman as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Nasdaq:ADRO









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Aduro Biotech Appoints Blaine Templeman as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary




















September 21, 2015 08:00 ET

 | Source: Aduro Biotech, Inc.





BERKELEY, Calif., Sept. 21, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Aduro Biotech, Inc. (Nasdaq:ADRO) today announced that Blaine Templeman has joined the company as executive vice president, general counsel and secretary of Aduro. Mr. Templeman has over 20 years of experience counseling biotechnology companies in the development and commercialization of their products and the protection of their intellectual property portfolios.

	"Blaine has served as Aduro's legal counsel for several years and has played a critical role in our major business milestones, which include finalizing our partnerships with Novartis and Janssen," said Stephen T. Isaacs, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Aduro. "We are thrilled to have him as a member of our leadership team where his experience will be invaluable as we continue to opportunistically evaluate and pursue the development of our key programs both organically and through partnerships with other industry leaders."

	Prior to joining Aduro, Mr. Templeman was a corporate and intellectual property partner at Arnold & Porter LLP, where he counseled U.S. and international clients on the protection, development and commercialization of their products, intellectual property portfolios, contract manufacturing, clinical trials, research and outsourcing.  His transactional experience includes a variety of collaborations, licensing transactions, mergers and acquisitions, asset sales, manufacturing and distribution arrangements and co-promotion transactions. Before Arnold & Porter LLP, he was a partner at Heller Ehrman. Mr. Templeman holds a J.D. from New York University and a B.S. from Oral Roberts University.

About Aduro 

	Aduro Biotech, Inc. (Nasdaq:ADRO) is a clinical-stage immunotherapy company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapies that transform the treatment of challenging diseases. Aduro's technology platforms, which are designed to harness the body's natural immune system, are being investigated in cancer indications and have the potential to expand into autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aduro's LADD technology platform is based on proprietary attenuated strains of Listeria that have been engineered to express tumor-associated antigens to induce specific and targeted immune responses. Based on compelling clinical data in advanced cancers, this platform is being developed as a treatment for multiple indications, including pancreatic, lung and prostate cancers, mesothelioma and glioblastoma. Aduro's cyclic dinucleotide (CDN) platform is designed to activate the intracellular STING receptor, resulting in a potent tumor-specific immune response. Aduro is collaborating with leading global pharmaceutical companies to expand its products and technology platforms. For more information, please visit www.aduro.com.

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements for purposes of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our intentions or current expectations concerning, among other things, our technology platforms and development programs. In some cases you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "believe," "may," "will," "estimate," "potential," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "would," "project," "plan," "expect" or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those anticipated, including, but not limited to, our history of net operating losses and uncertainty regarding our ability to achieve profitability, our ability to develop and commercialize our product candidates, our ability to use and expand our technology platforms to build a pipeline of product candidates, our dependence on our lead product candidate, CRS-207, and GVAX Pancreas, our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates, our inability to operate in a competitive industry and compete successfully against competitors that have greater resources than we do, our reliance on third parties, and our ability to obtain and adequately protect intellectual property rights for our product candidates. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in the most recent Form 10-Q which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Any forward-looking statements that we make in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We assume no obligation to update our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this press release.
Sylvia Wheeler
SVP, Corporate Affairs
510 809 9264

Media Contact:
Angela Bitting
925 202 6211
press@aduro.com



Related Articles
other press releases by Aduro Biotech, Inc.


Aduro Biotech Announces Andrea van Elsas, Ph.D., to be Named Chief Scientific Officer Effective September 1, 2017
July 27, 2017 08:00


Aduro Announces Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody for the Treatment of Cancer
July 13, 2017 08:00


Aduro Biotech Announces Initiation of Phase 2 Clinical Trial of CRS-207 in Combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for the Treatment of Previously-Treated Gastroesophageal Adenocarcinoma
June 29, 2017 16:05


Aduro Biotech Announces First Patient Dosed in Phase 2 Clinical Trial of CRS-207 in Combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) for the Treatment of Patients with Previously Treated Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma
June 28, 2017 16:05


Aduro Biotech Announces FDA Clearance of Investigational New Drug Application to Evaluate the Combination of ADU-S100 with PDR001 for the Treatment of Solid Tumors and Lymphomas
June 01, 2017 08:05






213



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Aduro Biotech, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Berkeley, California, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Sylvia Wheeler
SVP, Corporate Affairs
510 809 9264

Media Contact:
Angela Bitting
925 202 6211
press@aduro.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Aduro Biotech, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
BIOTECHNOLOGY
MANAGEMENT CHANGES














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
















Mr. Blaine Templeman - American Conference Institute





















































Toggle navigation



























Home













			Mr. Blaine Templeman		
Partner at Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hamilton LLP
BLAINE TEMPLEMAN is a partner in the Intellectual Property Practice Group in the firm's New York office. Mr. Templeman's practice focuses on U.S. and cross-border intellectual property transactions, drug manufacturing, and clinical trials outsourcing and contracting.  His transactional work focuses on asset deals, collaborations, licensing transactions, distribution arrangements and co-promotions.  He has assisted clients in a variety of industries including (among many others) medical devices, vaccines, antibiotics, diabetes, oncology, and sexual dysfunction.  At a prior firm, Mr. Templeman completed one of the largest ever U.S. biotech-biotech mergers. Mr. Templeman is also the head of the firm's new Clinical Contracting Team, which services our clients' needs with respect to clinical trials agreements, CRO agreements, master service agreements, laboratory agreements, manufacturing agreements (including development, API and finished product agreements), research arrangements and other similar agreements.  He has completed clinical trials arrangements with hundreds of clinical sites around the world.  He has also worked closely with several of his clients to complete transactions in the US, EU, Russia, Australia, New Zealand, India, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Brazil, Argentina, Peru, Mexico and many other countries. Mr. Templeman is one of only 7 attorneys in the NY area that have been named a Best Lawyer in America for Biotechnology Law.


 




 











Tweets by @ACILegal





Latest Blog Posts



Hear from Top FDA Regulatory Experts at ACI’s 5th Annual FDA Boot Camp- Devices Edition



Pharmaceuticals / Biotech / Life Sciences		by American Conference Institute - Jun 22 2017	



ACI’s FDA Boot Camp to Feature a “Who’s Who” of the FDA Regulatory Bar



Pharmaceuticals / Biotech / Life Sciences		by American Conference Institute - Jun 13 2017	



Highlights of Keynote Address at ACI’s Brazil Summit on Anti-Corruption



Anti-Corruption / FCPA		by American Conference Institute - May 25 2017	



Law360 Highlights ACI PTO Proceedings PTAB Judges Roundtable



Intellectual Property		by American Conference Institute - May 12 2017	



ACI’s PTO Proceedings Covered by Law360



Intellectual Property		by American Conference Institute - May 11 2017	
 
 





 






View Conferences:




By Location 


By Sector 


Featured 




















View Cart
Continue Shopping
Close






































Templeman Blaine - Aduro BioTech Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsTempleman BlaineAduro BioTech (ADRO)Executive VP, General Counsel Not RankedTempleman Blaine's PerformanceTempleman Blaine has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Aduro BioTech (ADRO)$23KSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesAduro BioTech (ADRO): Executive VP, General CounselSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Templeman Blaine's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateADROAduro BioTechExecutive VP, General Counsel$23,097Uninformative Sell$15,903.2May 18, 2017Templeman Blaine has not reported any informative transactions for ADRO, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 May 18, 2017 Uninformative Sell $16K 1,648 $9.9 N/A  Jan 13, 2017 Uninformative Sell $45K 3,785 $12.3 N/A  Sep 14, 2016 Uninformative Buy $0 37,300 $13.62 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by
























 






Blaine Templeman, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Aduro BioTech


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Blaine Templeman



Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
at
Aduro BioTech


Location: New York, NY





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Blaine Templeman



Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
at
Aduro BioTech


Location: New York, NY




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Blaine Templeman joined Aduro as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in September 2015. He brings over 20 years of experience counseling biotechnology companies in the development and commercialization of their products.
Prior to joining Aduro, Mr. Templeman was a corporate and intellectual property partner at Arnold & Porter LLP, where he counseled U.S. and international clients on the protection, development and commercialization of their products, intellectual property portfolios, contract manufacturing, clinical trials, research and outsourcing. His transactional experience includes a variety of collaborations, licensing transactions, mergers and acquisitions, asset sales, manufacturing and distribution arrangements and co-promotion transactions. Before Arnold & Porter LLP, he was a partner at Heller Ehrman. Mr. Templeman holds a J.D. from New York University and a B.S. from Oral Roberts University.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Offices of Lawyers




Tags
Intellectual Property, Corporate Law, Medical Devices




Topics of Influence












Web Site







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Blaine TemplemanCareer (3)






Sep-2015




Aduro BioTech



Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary







Oct-2014 to Sep-2015




Arnold & Porter



Partner







2008 to Oct-2014




Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton



Partner








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Blaine TemplemanEducation (3)






1994



New York University School of Law









1989



Princeton Theological Seminary


M. Divinity Program Candidate






1988



Oral Roberts University












 Edit



Blaine TemplemanAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Blaine Templeman






 Edit



Blaine TemplemanLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Blaine Templeman









Blaine TemplemanInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Blaine Templeman









Blaine TemplemanInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Blaine Templeman








Blaine TemplemanRelated People








Colleagues at Aduro BioTech







Liana Wu

VP Commercial
Apr-2015









Sylvia Wheeler

Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations
Feb-2015









Jennifer Lew

Senior Vice President, Finance
Oct-2013









Gregory W. Schafer

Chief Operating Officer
Jul-2013








View all 
Peers (6)







Michael Duffy

Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Lantheus Holdings









Robert Evans

Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Penumbra









Andy Missan

Executive Vice President & General Counsel of Fitbit









Gwendolyn Binder-Scholl

Executive Vice President of Adaptimmune









Frances Toneguzzo

Executive Vice President of NantKwest









Anders Blom

Executive Vice President of Oasmia Pharmaceutical












View all 



Blaine TemplemanRecommended Market Profiles








Healthcare IPO Companies

10,000 or More employees
81 companies












































Blaine Templeman - Arnold & Porter - Executive Moves | Crain's New York Business














































































































































Login
Register
Contact Us
Subscribe

























ADVERTISING SECTION







Executive Moves



















KEYWORDS

Law
Male
New Hire
Arnold & Porter






Blaine Templeman

New Hire
Published on October 8, 2014
Blaine Templeman, 48,  joined Arnold & Porter as Partner. He   was formerly Partner at Sheppard Mullin. 
				



Job Title 
						Partner





Company
Arnold & Porter





Age (?)
48





Start Date
October 7, 2014





Newly Created Position?
No





Job Function
Legal - Attorney





Job Description
Blaine Templeman is a partner in Arnold & Porter's New York office and a member of the Corporate and Securities and Intellectual Property groups, as well as a member of the firm's Life Sciences team. His practice focuses on counseling US and international clients in the protection, development and commercialization of their products and IP portfolios through domestic and cross-border intellectual property transactions, precision manufacturing, contract manufacturing, clinical trials, research and outsourcing. His transactional work includes mergers and acquisitions, asset sales, collaborations, licensing transactions, manufacturing and distribution arrangements and copromotion transactions.





Former Job Title
Partner





Former Company
Sheppard Mullin






Industry
Law





Company Headquarters
Washington, DC





Company Description
Arnold & Porter is an international law firm of nearly 800 lawyers with offices in Brussels, Denver, Houston, London, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Silicon Valley, and Washington, D.C. The firm, founded in 1946, maintains more than 25 practice areas spanning a broad spectrum of the law, with a primary focus on litigation, transactional matters and regulatory issues.
.






Office Location

399 Park Ave.
New York,
							NY














Submit an Executive Move










Advanced search

Frequently Asked Questions











			Executive Moves Alerts!
	



			Sign up to receive our monthly email with the latest Executive promotions, new hires and board appointments.
		










View Sample  |  
			Newsletters


















 





































