    Bryce Tenbarge | Progenics Pharmaceuticals , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com    Bryce Tenbarge | Progenics Pharmaceuticals , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


PGNX Bryce V. Tenbarge Insider Trades for Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: PGNX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 7:15 p.m.


PGNX

/quotes/zigman/61790/composite


$
6.00




Change

-0.21
-3.38%

Volume
Volume 6,091
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/61790/composite
Today's close

$
			6.29
		


$
				6.21
			
Change

-0.08
-1.27%





Day low
Day high
$6.17
$6.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.84
        

            $11.72
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Bryce V. Tenbarge



Mr. Bryce V. Tenbarge is Vice President-Commercial at Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He received his MBA from the University of Michigan.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Mark Robert Baker 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Patrick  Fabbio 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Senior VP




Dr. Thomas  Strack 
Vice President-Clinical Affairs




Mr. Jeffrey D. Summer 
Senior Vice President-Strategy & Performance




Mr. Bryce V. Tenbarge 
Vice President-Commercial




Dr. Vivien  Wong 
Vice President-Product Development




Ms. Melissa  Down 
Investor Relations Contact




Mr. Peter J. Crowley 
Chairman




Mr. Bradley L. Campbell 
Independent Director




Dr. Karen Jean Ferrante 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael D. Kishbauch 
Independent Director




Ms. Nicole S. Williams 
Independent Director




Dr. David A. Scheinberg 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:42 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15































































Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment Of Bryce V. Tenbarge As Vice President Of Commercial - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment Of Bryce V. Tenbarge As Vice President Of Commercial






GlobeNewswire



Sep 7, 2016 8:30 AM EDT













 




























































 NEW YORK, Sept. 07, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PGNX), an oncology company developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, today announced the appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial, effective August 22, 2016. In this newly created role, Mr. Tenbarge will report to Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics, and will be responsible for leading all of the Company's commercial activities. Mr. Tenbarge brings over fifteen years of experience in biopharmaceutical marketing, most recently as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization at Celldex Therapeutics. "Bryce is a tenured biopharmaceutical marketing executive with particular expertise in oncology," said Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics. "His proven ability to design and implement commercial infrastructure, support highly-specialized product launches, and work in close collaboration with sales organizations will prove invaluable as we prepare for the potential commercial launch of our ultra-orphan radiopharmaceutical candidate, AZEDRA ®, and further advance our late-stage prostate cancer imaging and therapeutics pipeline." "Progenics is emerging as a leader in the development of novel oncology imaging agents and therapeutics, and I am pleased to be joining the team at this important time," said Mr. Tenbarge. "AZEDRA represents a potential breakthrough in the treatment of malignant pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas, rare neuroendocrine cancers for which there are currently no approved therapies, and the Company's promising pipeline has the potential to transform how prostate cancer is diagnosed, monitored and treated. I look forward to working with the Progenics leadership team to bring these innovative therapies to patients in need." Mr. Tenbarge joins Progenics from Celldex Therapeutics, where he served as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization since 2013. From 2012 to 2013, he was Senior Director of Oncology Marketing at Teva Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Teva, he held several marketing positions of increasing responsibility at Bristol-Myers Squibb including Sales, Business Intelligence, Payer and Professional Marketing. Mr. Tenbarge received his MBA from The Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













3 Biotechs to Buy This Summer
These companies will do well, despite a range bound sector.



Bret Jensen

Jul 14, 2017 11:30 AM EDT
























What Poker Taught Me About Investing
I've learned that emotions have little use at a poker table; they don't in the stock market, either.



Bret Jensen

Apr 2, 2017 2:00 PM EDT
























What Poker Taught Me About Investing
I've learned that emotions have little use at a poker table; they don't in the stock market, either.



Bret Jensen

Mar 31, 2017 11:30 AM EDT
























4 Small-Cap Biotech Stars
I'm still enthusiastic about the sector, but it is critical to also be prudent.



Bret Jensen

Mar 5, 2017 2:00 PM EST








































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


iPod Nano, Shuffle Are Dead; Here Are 8 Other Discontinued Apple Products


Can Apple Show Amazon What Earnings Should Look Like?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial (NASDAQ:PGNX)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














September 7, 2016

Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial

NEW YORK, Sept.  07, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PGNX), an oncology company developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, today announced the appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial, effective August 22, 2016. In this newly created role, Mr. Tenbarge will report to Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics, and will be responsible for leading all of the Company's commercial activities. Mr. Tenbarge brings over fifteen years of experience in biopharmaceutical marketing, most recently as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization at Celldex Therapeutics. "Bryce is a tenured biopharmaceutical marketing executive with particular expertise in oncology," said Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics. "His proven ability to design and implement commercial infrastructure, support highly-specialized product launches, and work in close collaboration with sales organizations will prove invaluable as we prepare for the potential commercial launch of our ultra-orphan radiopharmaceutical candidate, AZEDRA®, and further advance our late-stage prostate cancer imaging and therapeutics pipeline." "Progenics is emerging as a leader in the development of novel oncology imaging agents and therapeutics, and I am pleased to be joining the team at this important time," said Mr. Tenbarge. "AZEDRA represents a potential breakthrough in the treatment of malignant pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas, rare neuroendocrine cancers for which there are currently no approved therapies, and the Company's promising pipeline has the potential to transform how prostate cancer is diagnosed, monitored and treated. I look forward to working with the Progenics leadership team to bring these innovative therapies to patients in need." Mr. Tenbarge joins Progenics from Celldex Therapeutics, where he served as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization since 2013. From 2012 to 2013, he was Senior Director of Oncology Marketing at Teva Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Teva, he held several marketing positions of increasing responsibility at Bristol-Myers Squibb including Sales, Business Intelligence, Payer and Professional Marketing. Mr. Tenbarge received his MBA from The Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. About Progenics Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, with a pipeline that includes several product candidates in later-stage clinical development. These products in development include therapeutic agents designed to precisely target cancer (AZEDRA® and 1095), and PSMA-targeted imaging agents for prostate cancer (1404 and PyL™) intended to enable clinicians and patients to accurately visualize and manage their disease. Progenics recently entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of Bayer AG granting Bayer exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize products using our PSMA antibody technology in combination with alpha-emitting radionuclides.  In addition, in late 2015 Progenics acquired EXINI Diagnostics AB, a leader in the development of advanced artificial intelligence-based imaging analysis tools and solutions for medical decision support. The acquisition of EXINI complements Progenics' strategy to support its imaging and therapeutic agents with sophisticated analytical tools and other technologies to help physicians and patients visualize, understand, target and treat cancer.  Progenics' first commercial product, RELISTOR® (methylnaltrexone bromide) for opioid-induced constipation, is partnered with and marketed by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. This press release may contain projections and other "forward-looking statements" regarding future events. Statements contained in this communication that refer to Progenics' estimated or anticipated future results or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Progenics' current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this communication. Forward looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "could," "should," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "outlook," "guidance," "intend," "may," "might," "will," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Such statements are predictions only, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the cost, timing and unpredictability of results of clinical trials and other development activities and collaborations, such as the Phase 3 clinical program for 1404; our ability to successfully integrate EXINI Diagnostics AB and to develop and commercialize its products; the unpredictability of the duration and results of regulatory review of New Drug Applications and Investigational NDAs; market acceptance for approved products; the effectiveness of the efforts of our partners to market and sell products on which we collaborate and the royalty revenue generated thereby; generic and other competition; the possible impairment of, inability to obtain and costs of obtaining intellectual property rights; possible product safety or efficacy concerns, general business, financial and accounting matters, litigation and other risks. More information concerning Progenics and such risks and uncertainties is available on its website, and in its press releases and reports it files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Progenics is providing the information in this press release as of its date and, except as expressly required by law, Progenics disclaims any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. Additional information concerning Progenics and its business may be available in press releases or other public announcements and public filings made after this release. For more information, please visit www.progenics.com. Please follow us on LinkedIn®. Information on or accessed through our website or social media sites is not included in the company's SEC filings. (PGNX-F)Contact:

Melissa Downs
Investor Relations
(646) 975-2533
mdowns@progenics.com

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.








 










Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial
















































July Edition Of Canna InvestorsHub Magazine Now Available


Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed
























QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsFinancialsHistoricalTechnical AnalysisMessage BoardProgenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (MM) (NASDAQ)




Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial


Date : 09/07/2016 @ 8:30AM


Source : GlobeNewswire Inc.


Stock : Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (MM) (PGNX)


Quote :  6.21  -0.08 (-1.27%) @ 8:00PM


 








Progenics Pharmaceuticals Announces Appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of CommercialTweet


Print


Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (MM) (NASDAQ:PGNX)Historical Stock Chart
1 Year : From Jul 2016 to Jul 2017


Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PGNX), an oncology company developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, today announced the appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial, effective August 22, 2016. In this newly created role, Mr. Tenbarge will report to Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics, and will be responsible for leading all of the Company’s commercial activities. Mr. Tenbarge brings over fifteen years of experience in biopharmaceutical marketing, most recently as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization at Celldex Therapeutics.
“Bryce is a tenured biopharmaceutical marketing executive with particular expertise in oncology,” said Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics. “His proven ability to design and implement commercial infrastructure, support highly-specialized product launches, and work in close collaboration with sales organizations will prove invaluable as we prepare for the potential commercial launch of our ultra-orphan radiopharmaceutical candidate, AZEDRA®, and further advance our late-stage prostate cancer imaging and therapeutics pipeline.” “Progenics is emerging as a leader in the development of novel oncology imaging agents and therapeutics, and I am pleased to be joining the team at this important time,” said Mr. Tenbarge. “AZEDRA represents a potential breakthrough in the treatment of malignant pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas, rare neuroendocrine cancers for which there are currently no approved therapies, and the Company’s promising pipeline has the potential to transform how prostate cancer is diagnosed, monitored and treated. I look forward to working with the Progenics leadership team to bring these innovative therapies to patients in need.” Mr. Tenbarge joins Progenics from Celldex Therapeutics, where he served as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization since 2013. From 2012 to 2013, he was Senior Director of Oncology Marketing at Teva Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Teva, he held several marketing positions of increasing responsibility at Bristol-Myers Squibb including Sales, Business Intelligence, Payer and Professional Marketing. Mr. Tenbarge received his MBA from The Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. About Progenics Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, with a pipeline that includes several product candidates in later-stage clinical development. These products in development include therapeutic agents designed to precisely target cancer (AZEDRA® and 1095), and PSMA-targeted imaging agents for prostate cancer (1404 and PyL™) intended to enable clinicians and patients to accurately visualize and manage their disease. Progenics recently entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of Bayer AG granting Bayer exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize products using our PSMA antibody technology in combination with alpha-emitting radionuclides.  In addition, in late 2015 Progenics acquired EXINI Diagnostics AB, a leader in the development of advanced artificial intelligence-based imaging analysis tools and solutions for medical decision support. The acquisition of EXINI complements Progenics' strategy to support its imaging and therapeutic agents with sophisticated analytical tools and other technologies to help physicians and patients visualize, understand, target and treat cancer.  Progenics' first commercial product, RELISTOR® (methylnaltrexone bromide) for opioid-induced constipation, is partnered with and marketed by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. This press release may contain projections and other "forward-looking statements" regarding future events. Statements contained in this communication that refer to Progenics' estimated or anticipated future results or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Progenics' current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this communication. Forward looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "could," "should," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "outlook," "guidance," "intend," "may," "might," "will," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Such statements are predictions only, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the cost, timing and unpredictability of results of clinical trials and other development activities and collaborations, such as the Phase 3 clinical program for 1404; our ability to successfully integrate EXINI Diagnostics AB and to develop and commercialize its products; the unpredictability of the duration and results of regulatory review of New Drug Applications and Investigational NDAs; market acceptance for approved products; the effectiveness of the efforts of our partners to market and sell products on which we collaborate and the royalty revenue generated thereby; generic and other competition; the possible impairment of, inability to obtain and costs of obtaining intellectual property rights; possible product safety or efficacy concerns, general business, financial and accounting matters, litigation and other risks. More information concerning Progenics and such risks and uncertainties is available on its website, and in its press releases and reports it files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Progenics is providing the information in this press release as of its date and, except as expressly required by law, Progenics disclaims any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. Additional information concerning Progenics and its business may be available in press releases or other public announcements and public filings made after this release. For more information, please visit www.progenics.com. Please follow us on LinkedIn®. Information on or accessed through our website or social media sites is not included in the company's SEC filings. (PGNX-F)
Contact:

Melissa Downs
Investor Relations
(646) 975-2533
mdowns@progenics.com





 








Latest PGNX Messages




 View More Posts
 Remove From Favorites
 Add to Favorites















{{bbMessage.M_Alias}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Date}}
{{bbMessage.HowLongAgo}}
{{bbMessage.MSG_ID}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Subject}}






















												Share on Facebook
											


												 Share on Twitter
											

 
												 Share on Email
											












Loading Messages....







No posts yet, be the first!
No {{symbol}} Message Board. Create One!
See More Posts on {{symbol}} Message Board

See More Message Board Posts










 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
  



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		



















Bryce Tenbarge | Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. | Email, VP Commercial, @progenics.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Bryce Tenbarge

 Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  VP Commercial




export

















One World Trade Center,

New York, NY 10007


Email format for @progenics.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
100 - 249

Revenue:  
10 - 20 Million

Industry:  
                        Biotech/Healthcare->Major Drugs                    
SIC Code:  
                         2834  - Pharmaceutical Preparations








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Need to know Bryce Tenbarge's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s Lead411 profile.  Bryce Tenbarge is the VP Commercial for Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an organization which has its base in New York, NY.  One can also find Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @progenics.com url.  Major drugs is Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Bryce Tenbarge are BTenbarge@progenics.com, Bryce.Tenbarge@progenics.com, Bryce@progenics.com, and Bryce_Tenbarge@progenics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@progenics.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Bryce Tabb - Executive
Trying to find Bryce Tabb's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Trammell Crow Residential's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @tcresidential.com contact information.  Trammell Crow Residential is an organization centered in Carlsbad, CA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Real estate category.  Bryce Tabb is their Development Analyst.  Some possible email formats for Bryce Tabb are BTabb@tcresidential.com, Bryce.Tabb@tcresidential.com, Bryce@tcresidential.com, and Bryce_Tabb@tcresidential.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@tcresidential.com addresses.
Bryce Tache - Executive
Their Manager, Diversity & Inclusion is Bryce Tache. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Information services industry. If you're checking for Iron Mountain Incorporated email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @ironmountain.com email addresses and possibly Bryce Tache's email. Iron Mountain Incorporated is based in Boston, MA. You can also get Bryce Tache's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Information services category.  Some possible email formats for Bryce Tache are BTache@ironmountain.com, Bryce.Tache@ironmountain.com, Bryce@ironmountain.com, and Bryce_Tache@ironmountain.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ironmountain.com addresses.
Bryce Tafelski - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Bryce Tafelski?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Insight Global email addresses within the @insightglobal.net profile so Bryce Tafelski's email could be included.  Bryce Tafelski is part of the Insight Global which has its main offices in Homewood, AL.  Currently holds the post of Sales Manager.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Technology consulting/services industry.  Some possible email formats for Bryce Tafelski are BTafelski@insightglobal.net, Bryce.Tafelski@insightglobal.net, Bryce@insightglobal.net, and Bryce_Tafelski@insightglobal.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@insightglobal.net addresses.



Similar Employees:
Mark Baker - Executive
A New York, NY-based organization, Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @progenics.com email addresses, as well as details on Mark Baker's email, the organization's Chief Executive Officer. Their profile can be found in Major drugs category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Mark Baker, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Mark Baker are MBaker@progenics.com, Mark.Baker@progenics.com, Mark@progenics.com, and Mark_Baker@progenics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@progenics.com addresses.
Peter Crowley - Executive
Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s Chairman is where Peter Crowley is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in New York, NY, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Major drugs industry. Peter Crowley's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. email addresses on Lead411 with the @progenics.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Peter Crowley are PCrowley@progenics.com, Peter.Crowley@progenics.com, Peter@progenics.com, and Peter_Crowley@progenics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@progenics.com addresses.
Ann Assumma - Other
 is Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s CEO. Their Vice President, Regulatory Affairs is Ann Assumma. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Major drugs industry. If you're checking for Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @progenics.com email format and possibly Ann Assumma's email. Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is based in New York, NY. You can also get Ann Assumma's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Major drugs category.  Some possible email formats for Ann Assumma are AAssumma@progenics.com, Ann.Assumma@progenics.com, Ann@progenics.com, and Ann_Assumma@progenics.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@progenics.com addresses.

People Directory > Bryce Tenbarge



















	Progenics Announces Appointment Of Bryce V Tenbarge As Vice President Of Commercial













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Progenics (PGNX) Announces Appointment Of Bryce V. Tenbarge As Vice President Of Commercial
  











Tweet








9/7/2016 8:54:49 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs



NEW YORK, Sept.  07, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:PGNX), an oncology company developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, today announced the appointment of Bryce V. Tenbarge as Vice President of Commercial, effective August 22, 2016. In this newly created role, Mr. Tenbarge will report to Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics, and will be responsible for leading all of the Company’s commercial activities. Mr. Tenbarge brings over fifteen years of experience in biopharmaceutical marketing, most recently as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization at Celldex Therapeutics. “Bryce is a tenured biopharmaceutical marketing executive with particular expertise in oncology,” said Mark Baker, Chief Executive Officer of Progenics. “His proven ability to design and implement commercial infrastructure, support highly-specialized product launches, and work in close collaboration with sales organizations will prove invaluable as we prepare for the potential commercial launch of our ultra-orphan radiopharmaceutical candidate, AZEDRA®, and further advance our late-stage prostate cancer imaging and therapeutics pipeline.” “Progenics is emerging as a leader in the development of novel oncology imaging agents and therapeutics, and I am pleased to be joining the team at this important time,” said Mr. Tenbarge. “AZEDRA represents a potential breakthrough in the treatment of malignant pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas, rare neuroendocrine cancers for which there are currently no approved therapies, and the Company’s promising pipeline has the potential to transform how prostate cancer is diagnosed, monitored and treated. I look forward to working with the Progenics leadership team to bring these innovative therapies to patients in need.” Mr. Tenbarge joins Progenics from Celldex Therapeutics, where he served as Vice President of Marketing and Commercialization since 2013. From 2012 to 2013, he was Senior Director of Oncology Marketing at Teva Pharmaceuticals. Prior to Teva, he held several marketing positions of increasing responsibility at Bristol-Myers Squibb including Sales, Business Intelligence, Payer and Professional Marketing. Mr. Tenbarge received his MBA from The Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. About Progenics Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is developing innovative medicines and other products for targeting and treating cancer, with a pipeline that includes several product candidates in later-stage clinical development. These products in development include therapeutic agents designed to precisely target cancer (AZEDRA® and 1095), and PSMA-targeted imaging agents for prostate cancer (1404 and PyL™) intended to enable clinicians and patients to accurately visualize and manage their disease. Progenics recently entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of Bayer AG granting Bayer exclusive worldwide rights to develop and commercialize products using our PSMA antibody technology in combination with alpha-emitting radionuclides.  In addition, in late 2015 Progenics acquired EXINI Diagnostics AB, a leader in the development of advanced artificial intelligence-based imaging analysis tools and solutions for medical decision support. The acquisition of EXINI complements Progenics' strategy to support its imaging and therapeutic agents with sophisticated analytical tools and other technologies to help physicians and patients visualize, understand, target and treat cancer.  Progenics' first commercial product, RELISTOR® (methylnaltrexone bromide) for opioid-induced constipation, is partnered with and marketed by Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. This press release may contain projections and other "forward-looking statements" regarding future events. Statements contained in this communication that refer to Progenics' estimated or anticipated future results or other non-historical facts are forward-looking statements that reflect Progenics' current perspective of existing trends and information as of the date of this communication. Forward looking statements generally will be accompanied by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "could," "should," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "outlook," "guidance," "intend," "may," "might," "will," "possible," "potential," "predict," "project," or other similar words, phrases or expressions. Such statements are predictions only, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, among others, the cost, timing and unpredictability of results of clinical trials and other development activities and collaborations, such as the Phase 3 clinical program for 1404; our ability to successfully integrate EXINI Diagnostics AB and to develop and commercialize its products; the unpredictability of the duration and results of regulatory review of New Drug Applications and Investigational NDAs; market acceptance for approved products; the effectiveness of the efforts of our partners to market and sell products on which we collaborate and the royalty revenue generated thereby; generic and other competition; the possible impairment of, inability to obtain and costs of obtaining intellectual property rights; possible product safety or efficacy concerns, general business, financial and accounting matters, litigation and other risks. More information concerning Progenics and such risks and uncertainties is available on its website, and in its press releases and reports it files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Progenics is providing the information in this press release as of its date and, except as expressly required by law, Progenics disclaims any intent or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. Additional information concerning Progenics and its business may be available in press releases or other public announcements and public filings made after this release. For more information, please visit www.progenics.com. Please follow us on LinkedIn®. Information on or accessed through our website or social media sites is not included in the company's SEC filings. (PGNX-F)Contact:

Melissa Downs
Investor Relations
(646) 975-2533
mdowns@progenics.com






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Valeant (VRX) And Progenics (PGNX) Announce The U.S. Commercial Launch Of FDA-Approved Relistor Tablets  How Merck & Co. (MRK)'s CIO Is Quietly Changing The Tech-Startup World  Valeant (VRX), Progenics (PGNX) Shares Climb on Constipation Drug Approval

  Is There Anyone The Drug Industry Hates More Than This AIDS Activist?  Progenics (PGNX) Receives $50 Million Milestone Payment Following FDA Approval Of RELISTOR Tablets For The Treatment Of Opioid-Induced Constipation In Adults With Chronic Non-Cancer Pain

  Five-Figure Salaries. Big Hair. Pharma, 1987  Progenics (PGNX) Signs Commercial License Agreement With Selexis SA For Use Of Proprietary Cell Line And Suretechnology Platform  KaloBios (KBIO), Post-Shkreli, Vows 'Maniacal' Focus On R&D And Transparency  Progenics (PGNX) Announces Second Quarter 2016 Financial And Business Results

  Novartis AG (NVS) Purges Senior Execs as It Carts Itself Off  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























 


Bryce Tenbarge on CrowdRise




































































Skip to content









Close System Alert Message











Bryce Tenbarge




 Royalty Crests
						







 Comments
							





To leave a comment Login or Signup





Shaun  SAYS:
Dear Friends:
Thank you all …
Dear Friends:
Thank you all so very much for your kindness, generosity and prayers for the Genuardi family during this most difficult time for them. The love and support for the family are overwhelming. Thanks to you, we met our fundraising goal. We plan to keep this fundraiser active for a period of time as many people continue to pass along the web link to others. With much gratitude, I thank you.
Sincerely,
Shaun Mickus
Sandshore School Cub Scout Pack 62, Den 1  Leader
2 years ago
see more  














About
Bryce Tenbarge



        			                                Newtown, 
			                            			                                PA 
			                            			                                United States			                            									
CROWDRISING SINCE: Sep 27, 2015
Stuff About Me:
The person who created this page is probably preparing something riveting to post about everything they're doing to give back.  We recommend you sit at your computer and hit refresh over and over until their story goes live.  You should also scroll down and see if they have a fundraiser going so you can support 'em.


BryceTenbarge






VOTE


CR Impact Points
Click the VOTE button to give Bryce 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). Vote for the Volunteers and Fundraisers that are answering the call to service, raising money for charity, and making an impact for their causes. Come back and Vote every months.  CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status.


CR Impact Points
If you're seeing the grey VOTE button, you should feel great about yourself. It means you already voted for Bryce this month. Come back next month and vote again if you still love Bryce. Thanks to your vote, Bryce earned 100 CrowdRise Impact Points (CIPs). CIPs can earn you the highly coveted, highly respected CrowdRise Royalty Status.



28,250
Total Impact Points




0
Money Raised




Share
This page





Share



Tweet




 









Bryce Tenbarge's Fundraisers





I'm working on creating my first super compelling Fundraiser so please keep hitting refresh over and over until my first Fundraiser shows up. Or just wait for me to email you about it.


































Hey There!























IN PROGRESS
We're setting up your Fundraiser page right now. It will take anywhere from 3 seconds to 27 seconds.






















