










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V LLC.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:43 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V LLC.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V LLC is a fund Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC.


2951 28th Street1st FloorSuite 1000Santa Monica, CA 90405United States



Phone: 310-566-1000

Fax: 310-899-4950








Key Executives for Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V LLC.




Mr. Hugh Steven Wilson J.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 69
        







Mr. Howard M. Levkowitz J.D.


      	President, Portfolio Manager and Director
      


Age: 49
        







Mr. Paul L. Davis CPA


      	Chief Compliance Officer
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Mark K. Holdsworth


      	Co-Founder and Operating Partner
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Michael E. Leitner


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V LLC., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Tennenbaum Capital Partners



























Investor Login



About
Community






Firm Leadership
Senior Professionals
Advisory Board






Overview
Performing Credit
Special Situations






Target Investments
Deal Sourcing
Industry Specialization










 
TENNENBAUM CAPITAL PARTNERS (TCP)is a leading alternative investment management firm.since the firm's founding in 1996, TCP has invested in excessof $18.5 billion in over 500 portfolio companies.




Home




Our Team
TCP has over 80 experienced professionals working to deliver superior alternative investment management capabilities for our investors.
LEARN MORE >


Our Strategies
We invest primarily in middle-market enterprises through two complementary strategies: performing credit and special situations.
LEARN MORE >


Our Approach
TCP applies a source channel agnostic approach focused on both primary and secondary markets.
LEARN MORE >












© 2017 Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC  //  2951 28th Street, Suite 1000 Santa Monica, CA 90405  //  310.566.1000








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Tennenbaum Capital Partners Closes $530 Million Investment Fund, Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund VI 
         










    










 






 











 









Tennenbaum Capital Partners Closes $530 Million Investment Fund, Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund VI

Aug 29, 2011, 15:33 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC 











 
















































 

 




















 


SANTA MONICA, Calif., Aug. 29, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC ("TCP"), a leading multi-strategy alternative investment firm focused primarily on credit opportunities, today announced the final close of Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund VI, LLC ("TOF VI" or the "Fund").  With capital commitments of $530 million from new and existing limited partners, the Fund will focus on discounted and debt-for-control oriented market opportunities as well as complex, directly-originated financings. 
"The successful fundraising stems from our consistent performance and from investors' confidence in our ability to execute on quality investments," said Mark Holdsworth, Managing Partner and co-founder of TCP.  "We look forward to great opportunities over the coming months."
TCP invests primarily in private and public companies across a broad range of industries.  In 2009 TCP raised $454 million through its DIP Opportunity Fund, LLC, bringing its two-year fundraising total to approximately $1 billion.  Since its founding, TCP has invested approximately $10 billion in almost 200 companies where the Firm can play a meaningful role. 
"We are very pleased with the support we received from new and existing investors," said Howard Levkowitz, Managing Partner and co-founder of TCP.  "Many of the world's most sophisticated institutional investors have chosen to invest with us and we are excited to continue working on behalf of our investors." 
Limited partners in the Fund include both public and corporate pension funds, insurance companies, other financial institutions, foundations, endowments, family offices and high net worth individuals. 
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, LLP served as Fund counsel while Greenhill & Co., LLC served as the Fund's exclusive global placement agent.
About Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC
Tennenbaum Capital Partners™ ("TCP") is a Los Angeles based, multi-strategy alternative investment management firm focused primarily on special situation credit investments through its Opportunity Funds™, in addition to investments by specialty funds focused on debtor-in-possession and public market strategies. TCP finds opportunity primarily in middle-market credit, where the firm can play a meaningful role in each situation. The firm's investment professionals use their extensive expertise in legal, operational and financial disciplines to successfully execute TCP's investment strategies. For more, please visit: www.tennenbaumcapital.com.
 SOURCE  Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.tennenbaumcapital.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Jul 15, 2014, 16:05 ET
Preview: Tennenbaum Capital Partners Opens San Francisco Office To Expand Platform




















Nov 17, 2010, 17:45 ET
Preview: Tennenbaum Capital Partners™ Welcomes Lee R. Landrum as Managing Director








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More











Feb 13, 2017, 08:30 ET
TCP to Provide $100 Million Engine Financing Facility to Mesa...






 More news releases in:

  Banking & Financial Services
Financing Agreements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

TENNENBAUM OPPORTUNITIES FUND V, LLC - SANTA MONICA, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



SANTA MONICA



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            TENNENBAUM OPPORTUNITIES FUND V, LLC
                                    



 





















T 


TENNENBAUM OPPORTUNITIES FUND V, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2951 28TH ST STE 1000 SANTA MONICA, CA 90405
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















 Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V, LLC (Form: 4, Received: 07/02/2007 22:00:13) 

















	FORM 4




	[ ]
	Check this box if no longer subject to Section 16. Form 4 or Form 5 obligations may continue.

	See

	Instruction 1(b).

	        





	UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	Washington, D.C. 20549







	STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES



	                                                                                  




	OMB APPROVAL



	OMB Number:


	3235-0287



	Estimated average burden

	hours per response...


	0.5





	                      





	Filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or Section 30(h) of the Investment Company Act of 1940



	                      












	1. Name and Address of Reporting Person


	*








	TENNENBAUM CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC




	2. Issuer Name

	and

	Ticker or Trading Symbol




	Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund V, LLC
	[
	N/A
	]




	5. Relationship of Reporting Person(s) to Issuer
	(Check all applicable)




	_____ Director

	                    

	_____ 10% Owner



	_____ Officer (give title below)

	    

	__

	X

	__ Other (specify below)




	Investment Adviser








	(Last)

	        

	(First)

	        

	(Middle)





	2951 28TH STREET, SUITE1000




	3. Date of Earliest Transaction

	(MM/DD/YYYY)






	6/28/2007








	(Street)





	SANTA MONICA, CA 90405



	(City)

	      

	(State)

	      

	(Zip)





	4. If Amendment, Date Original Filed


	(MM/DD/YYYY)





	 





	6. Individual or Joint/Group Filing


	(Check Applicable Line)




	_

	X

	_ Form filed by One Reporting Person

	___ Form filed by More than One Reporting Person












	Table I - Non-Derivative Securities Acquired, Disposed of, or Beneficially Owned









	1.Title of Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Trans. Date




	2A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	3. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	4. Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	5. Amount of Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s)

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	6. Ownership Form: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	7. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	Amount




	(A) or (D)




	Price









	Common Shares

	 





	6/28/2007

	 




	 





	P






	  







	6.8144


	 







	A








	$18270.23

	 





	25.4686

	 





	D

	 




	 















	Table II - Derivative Securities Beneficially Owned (

	e.g.

	, puts, calls, warrants, options, convertible securities)







	1. Title of Derivate Security

	(Instr. 3)




	2. Conversion or Exercise Price of Derivative Security




	3. Trans. Date




	3A. Deemed Execution Date, if any




	4. Trans. Code

	(Instr. 8)




	5. Number of Derivative Securities Acquired (A) or Disposed of (D)

	(Instr. 3, 4 and 5)




	6. Date Exercisable and Expiration Date




	7. Title and Amount of Securities Underlying Derivative Security

	(Instr. 3 and 4)




	8. Price of Derivative Security

	(Instr. 5)




	9. Number of derivative Securities Beneficially Owned Following Reported Transaction(s) (Instr. 4)




	10. Ownership Form of Derivative Security: Direct (D) or Indirect (I) (Instr. 4)




	11. Nature of Indirect Beneficial Ownership (Instr. 4)






	Code




	V




	(A)




	(D)




	Date Exercisable




	Expiration Date




	Title




	Amount or Number of Shares













	Explanation of Responses:











	Reporting Owners








	Reporting Owner Name / Address





	Relationships








	Director




	10% Owner




	Officer




	Other







	TENNENBAUM CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC

	2951 28TH STREET

	SUITE1000

	SANTA MONICA, CA 90405















	Investment Adviser











	Signatures











	/s/ David A. Hollander, under P.O.A. for Michael E. Tennenbaum, as Managing Member of Tennenbaum & Co., LLC, in its capacity as Managing Member of Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC.








	7/2/2007









	**


	Signature of Reporting Person




	Date











	Reminder: Report on a separate line for each class of securities beneficially owned directly or indirectly.








	*






	If the form is filed by more than one reporting person,

	see

	Instruction 4(b)(v).








	**






	Intentional misstatements or omissions of facts constitute Federal Criminal Violations.

	See

	18 U.S.C. 1001 and 15 U.S.C. 78ff(a).






	Note:




	File three copies of this Form, one of which must be manually signed. If space is insufficient,

	see

	Instruction 6 for procedure.






	Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB control number.









LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY FOR


SECTION 16 REPORTING OBLIGATIONS


Know all by these presents, that the undersigned hereby authorizes David A.






Hollander of Tennenbaum Capital Partners, LLC, to execute for and on behalf of
the undersigned, in the undersigned's individual capacity, and on behalf of
Tennenbaum & Co., LLC ("TCO"), in the undersigned's capacity as the managing
member of TCO. Schedules 13 and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments thereto,
and cause such schedule(s) or form(s) to be filed with the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13(d)-(g) or Section
16(a) of the Securities exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The undersigned hereby
grants to such attorney-in-fact full power and authority to do and perform any
and every act and thing whatsoever requisite, necessary, or proper to be done in
the exercise of any of the rights and powers herein granted, as fully to all
intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do if personally present,
with full power of substitution or revocation, hereby ratifying and confirming
all that such attorney-in-fact shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue
of this power of attorney and the rights and powers herein granted.


This Limited Power of Attorney shall remain in full force and effect until
revoked by the undersigned in a signed writing delivered to the foregoing
attorney-in-fact.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Limited Power of Attorney to
be executed as of this 22nd day of April, 2003.






/s/ Michael E. Tennenbaum
____________________________________
MICHAEL E. TENNENBAUM











STATE OF CALIFORNIA    )
                )ss.            ACKNOWLEDGMENT
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES           )







I, Alice M. Carter, a Notary Public in and for said County and State, hereby




certify that Michael E. Tennenbaum, whose name is signed to the foregoing



LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY, and who is known to me, acknowledged before me on
this day, that being informed of the contents thereof, he voluntarily executed
the same on the day of its date.


Given under my hand and official seal of office on this 22nd day of April,
2003.






/s/ Alice Carter
__________________________________________________

Notary Public in and for said
County and State


















Tennenbaum Raises ~$530M For Turnaround Fund; Founder Steps Back - PE Hub


























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Tennenbaum Raises ~$530M For Turnaround Fund; Founder Steps Back


August 29, 2011
By David M. Toll
 Follow @davidmtoll


Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Tennenbaum Raises ~$530M For Turnaround Fund; Founder Steps Back

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















With one of its founders stepping back in a reduced role, Tennenbaum Capital Partners LLC has taken in approximately $530 million for its latest credit opportunities fund, a source familiar with the firm confirmed to sister magazine Buyouts. That’s ostensibly well short of its original $1 billion target although the firm has in fact raised close to $1 billion over the last two years.
Tennenbaum Capital Partners joins a host of turnaround shops raising fresh capital to capitalize on a slowing economy amid signs of tightening credit markets. The latter development, if it takes hold, would provide fewer opportunities for overleveraged, underperforming companies to refinance their way out of trouble.
Based in Santa Monica, Calif. and employing some 35-40 investment professionals, Tennenbaum Capital Partners set out in early 2009 to raise $1 billion for Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund VI LLC. As with its predecessors, including the $1 billion vintage 2007 Fund V, the fund is earmarked to buy credits of U.S.-based mid-market companies, often with an eye toward acquiring distressed companies and turning them around. The hands-on firm invests up to $250 million at a time in an array of industries, including automotive, financial services and health care. It has occasionally held credit positions in large, well-known companies such as the parent of Delta Air Lines. 





By mid-2009 Tennenbaum Capital Partners spotted another big opportunity—to provide debtor-in-possession financing to companies in bankruptcy. Traditional lenders in that market had retreated in the wake of the financial crisis, leaving a chance for new players to come in and generate high-teens returns between origination fees, coupon rates and exit fees. Within a few months the firm, after putting Fund VI on hiatus, had rounded up $454 million for DIP Opportunity Fund LLC.
The firm got back on track with Tennenbaum Opportunities Fund VI by early 2010. It more or less wrapped it up on Aug. 12 in the neighborhood of $530 million after the investment committee of New Hampshire Retirement System approved a $20 million commitment, subject to a legal review. Other investors include Arkansas Teacher Retirement System, Kaiser Group, San Bernardino County Employees’ Retirement Association, and Wyoming Retirement System. Greenhill & Co. served as placement agent on the fund.
Although still active in the firm, Michael Tennenbaum, 75, who helped found Tennenbaum Capital Partners in 1999, and its predecessor in 1996, is taking a reduced role on Fund VI, according to our source familiar with the firm. He will hold a non-voting seat on the investment committee. Co-founders and Managing Partners Howard Levkowitz and Mark Holdsworth, both in their mid-40s, are seen as two of the senior leaders of the firm, heavily involved in day-to-day operations. Other voting members of the investment committee on the new fund include Managing Partners David Hollander, Michael Leitner and Rajneesh Vig, according our source. 





Since 1999 the firm, with some $5 billion under management, has invested about $9 billion in more than 170 portfolio companies.
David Toll is editor-in-charge of Buyouts Magazine. Follow him @davidmtoll. Follow @Buyouts.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Tennenbaum Raises ~$530M For Turnaround Fund; Founder Steps Back

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Take your pick!

Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now.
VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. 
DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

Raymond James expands team with new hire
by Iris Dorbian

Blackstone acquires Clarion Events from Providence
by Iris Dorbian

 





























