
Stanley Tennant Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Stanley Tennant, MD - It’s a New Day In Cancer Monitoring | Trovera                    Leadership TeamWorking to Develop Oncology Therapeutics to Improve Cancer Care   OverviewPrecision MedicineLeadership TeamNews & Events Stanley Tennant, MD | DirectorDr. Tennant has served as a director of our company since December 2010. Since 1983, Dr. Tennant has been a cardiologist in Greensboro, NC.He graduated from Wake Forest University School of Medicine in 1978 and completed postgraduate training in Internal Medicine and Cardiology at Vanderbilt University in 1983.



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Choose Your Location | Tennant Company












































Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu










































All Products
▼




x







All Products
Machines
Parts & Consumables
Documents














7 More items in Your cart


Subtotal
$000


Checkout



Your shopping cart is empty.


There was an error retrieving your cart. Please try again later.







Added To Your Cart




Product List (0 items)










×


×



Tennant Worldwide

Confirm Your Location


You are about to view our United States
 site in English
.

Please note that online purchases will only ship to addresses in the selected country. 
Yes, Proceed






If this is not correct, please select a location and language:
 
 




				
				North America
				




United States


English




Canada


English

					|
				
					
					
Français (French)




Mexico


Español (Spanish)








				
				Asia and Pacific
				




Australia


English




China


中文 (Chinese)




Japan


日本語 (Japanese)




New Zealand


English




All Other Countries


English








				
				Europe / Middle East / Africa
				




Belgium


Nederlands (Dutch)




France


Français (French)




Germany


Deutsch (German)




Italy


Italiano (Italian)




Netherlands


Nederlands (Dutch)




Portugal


Português (Portuguese)




Spain


Español (Spanish)




South Africa


English




UK


English




All Other Countries


English








				
				Latin America
				




Brazil


Português (Portuguese)




All Other Countries


Español (Spanish)



















Brands marked with ® are registered in the United States and/or other countries. Brands marked with the TM are not registered and protected under applicable law.

























Dorothy Tennant Stanley, artist - Dorothy (nee Tennant), Lady Stanley, neoclassical painter - Photo Prints - 572081 - Media Storehouse




























































Find search











£





$





AU$





€


sales@mediastorehouse.com+44 (0)203 286 0822







Art Shop
Galleries
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Checkout


My Account





 





All orders are protectedby our Money Back Guarantee
Fast, Safe Deliveryand Easy Returns







Dorothy Tennant Stanley, artist






















✔ Professionally printed to order
✔ Carefully packed to aid safe arrival
✔ Photo Prints dispatched in 1 working day
✔ Framed etc dispatched in 3-5 working days


Product Type
Select from prints and gifts
Framed Print (from US$89.99)
Canvas Print (from US$74.99)
Photographic Print (from US$14.99)
Photo Jigsaw Puzzle (US$34.99)
Poster (from US$19.99)
Photo Mug (US$24.99)
Mouse Mat (US$17.99)
Fridge Magnet (US$14.99)
Keyring (US$14.99)

From US$14.99
Add to Basket


X
Add to Basket
Please select your product options




Most popular ordersof this image
22"x18" Framed
Select this product

20"x16" Canvas
Select this product

14"x11" Print
Select this product





Product Info
Reviews 
Delivery Info
Returns & Guarantee


Dorothy Tennant Stanley, artist
Dorothy (nee Tennant), Lady Stanley, neoclassical painter, notable for her pictures of street children. She was the wife of (1) the explorer Henry Morton Stanley, and (2) of Henry Curtis.Image Copyright © Mary Evans Picture Library
Media ID 572081
 from Prints Online
Watermarking and Website Address do not appear on finished products
Creation Date: 2nd October 2007
Framed Print (US$89.99 - US$199.99)
Our new Contemporary Frames help decorate any space. Larger frames feature thicker mouldings to compliment their size.Canvas Print (US$74.99 - US$399.99)
A delightfully modern way to show off your favourite artwork, our Canvas prints feature bevelled edges and non-warp wood for longer life. They are finished with artists tape and hanging on the back for that professional touch.Photographic Print (US$14.99 - US$89.99)
We specialise in creating quality photos. Our prints are produced on high grade photo paper in professional photo laboratories. Size refers to paper used, image may be smaller.Photo Jigsaw Puzzle (US$34.99)
While away the hours on an unusual puzzle. Each jigsaw is made to order featuring an image of your choice. These make excellent presents especially for those hard to buy for friends and relatives.Poster (US$19.99 - US$39.99)
Introduce colour to dull walls, or other surfaces, by decorating with artistic, eye-catching posters bringing a unique sense of individuality at an affordable price.Photo Mug (US$24.99)
Enjoy your favourite drink from a specially designed mug. Our mugs will brighten any home or office as well as making fun gifts.Mouse Mat (US$17.99)
Archive quality photographic print in a durable wipe clean mouse mat (27x22cm) with non slip backing. Works with all computer mice.Fridge Magnet (US$14.99)
The artwork is printed on Archive Quality prints to give ultimate colours and placed into a plastic fridge magnet (measures 77mm x50mm).Keyring (US$14.99)
The artwork is printed twice on Archive Quality prints to give great colours and placed, front and back, into a plastic and metal key ring (measures 56mm x40mm).











4.67 Average
36 Reviews







Barry H




excellent service




Posted 1 day ago



Bill 




An ace service




Posted 2 days ago



Con v




Quick and great quality 




Posted 4 days ago



Joel O




Product came as described. Very Happy. Thank you!




Posted 4 days ago



Michael S




As My Dear and Respected Father, Sidney I. Simons Esq., was one of the 150 Jews who stood up for what was , 'Right and True', in this Great Country of Ours, against,
'Knight of the Realm, accompanied by, black-shirted Acolytes, escorted by the Forces of Law & Order of this Great Country of Ours.
Providing for Future Immigrants the, 'Right of Individuals', to be accepted, without having to change their surname from, 'Mayover', to Simons, or 'Weiner', to Wayner, so as not to be subjected to VIOLENT ANTI-SEMITISM from the , Local Community.




Posted 6 days ago



Ian R




Two cards were perfect.




Posted 6 days ago



Robert F




Nice product delivered earlier than expected.




Posted 1 week ago



Darren B




Great selection and value.




Posted 1 week ago



Maggie B




Painting as shown on website. Arrived well wrapped. Receipient will love it.





Posted 1 week ago



Anonymous 




Good product




Posted 1 week ago



Allan L




I wished to purchase a copy of a photo. Colette Wigmore was most helpfull. The picture arrived today. In good condition.




Posted 2 weeks ago



Pamela H




I have just framed the prints you supplied and they look beautiful. I chose 3 prints, 2 of HM Queen Elizabeth II and 1 with HM Queen Elizabeth II and HM The Queen Mother. The colours are very bright and I could not be more happy with my prints.




Posted 2 weeks ago



Lauren D




Quality and speed of order




Posted 2 weeks ago



Tim C




perfect card for a sad occasion - thank you.




Posted 2 weeks ago



Anonymous 




Delivered my exact order in a very quick timeframe




Posted 2 weeks ago



Julia M




Great service and delivery.




Posted 2 weeks ago



Anonymous 




Great product, delivered quickly.




Posted 2 weeks ago



Anonymous 




Bought a huge photographic print from this company, it arrived all in good time so took it to my framing guy and was told the picture was to large to frame! Bought another picture slightly smaller (but exactly the same) and was told if I returned the old one along with the original wrapping, receipt etc I would be eligible for a full refund. By this time a week had passed and I'd chucked the original wrapping away so wasn't eligible, that said I was given a voucher code for my second purchase allowing me 10% off. All good service from Media Storehouse, I will certainly use this company again and would be happy to recommend! :) 




Posted 2 weeks ago



Anonymous 




The framed print arrived in excellent condition and met all the required specifications. More than happy with my purchase and wilol beusing the company again




Posted 2 weeks ago



Peter Y




Great library and various finish of design of picture. Prompt service and kept me in touch on delivery schedule.




Posted 3 weeks ago



Brian M




Very easy to order..delivery very quick..




Posted 3 weeks ago


















Delivery Information We can ship your purchase to (almost) anywhere in the world and package it so that it should arrive in perfect condition. Photographic Prints are normally shipped same or next working day. Other items are shipped within 3-5 working days (unless shown otherwise). The estimated dispatch date is clearly shown at the checkout and on order confirmations. If you need an item sooner then please let us know and we'll try our best for you. For your added convenience some items may ship separately at no extra charge. Products are made to order from our labs in the UK, USA and Australia, with each lab offering its own range of professional products, We will automatically select which is your closest lab when visiting, however if you prefer to have items sent from a different lab please select the relevant store from the base of the page. You can have your item delivered to your home, work address, or a friend. Simply enter the address you want it sent to at the checkout. Items sent by courier may require a signature on delivery. Many of our items are too large to fit through a letter box, so if there was no one home you may need to be collect from your local postal office or arrange an alternative delivery date. We will try to send you an email once the item has been dispatched so you know when it is arriving. Smaller prints are sent out flat in strong envelopes with cardboard front and back for extra protection. Larger prints are wrapped in tissue paper and rolled into heavy weight tubes. When ready for dispatch, larger items (canvases, framed prints, etc) are shipped by courier using specially designed crush-proof boxes that are proven to provide protection on its journey to you. Delivery Rates Postage charges include delivery and the extensive packaging need to get them to you safely and are calculated based on your basket and its destination. To find out how much the postage for your item is going to be simply place it in your basket and proceed to checkout. You do not have to enter your payment details but once we have your destination country you will be able to see accurate postal charges. In the unlikely event that your purchase does not arrive, or is damaged in transit, we will be happy to replace it. Simply contact us to arrange redelivery. Delivery Tracking Here are some reasons why tracking information may not be available: - A delay in the updates to the tracking database. - Standard international deliveries are not trackable. - Standard ("First Class") delivery may not be trackable If the estimated delivery date for your parcel has passed and your tracking information hasn't changed, please allow an additional day or two for the parcel to be delivered. Usually packages arrive on or shortly after the estimated delivery date. Still got questions? See our Help (FAQ) Page.  Ordering is quick and easy! Just follow these 5 simple steps... 1) Find your picture 2) Choose your print format 3) Enter your details 4) Pay for your purchase 5) Sit back and relax Unique gifts for worldwide delivery. Most items are printed to order from high quality digital originals and without the watermarking shown on our web previews. Please note that prices shown may include sales tax where applicable at your current rate. 1) Find your picture We have gathered together fantastic imagery for you to view and own, and have made finding that perfect image simple! Just enter a word or phrase into the search box, or browse our online photo galleries. Select an image to find out more about the picture and the range of quality print formats available. Preview images may be watermarked for security reasons, such marks will not appear on your final purchase. 2) Choose your print format Once you've found your image, select your desired print format and add it to your basket. You can own this image as a photographic print (framed or unframed), canvas print, or as a photo gift (mugs, mouse mats, t-shirts etc.). All prints are from original, high-resolution digital image files, giving you the best possible clarity and colour. We use professional equipment and paper for prints that can withstand fade for up to 100 years! All frames and mounts are produced in-house to guarantee a premium quality product. Equal care is taken with photo gifts; we have scoured the market to find the best quality available so you are happy with your purchase. All items are quality checked before leaving our labs. 3) Enter your details Bought from us before? Great! Simply enter your email address and password and we will fill in your billing and delivery address details. If you haven't been here before then you will need to give us your address details and choose a password so you can track your order. All personal details are held securely and are not used for any purpose other than order management without your expressed permission. Been here before but forgotten your password? Simply enter your email address, click 'Forgotten your Password', and we will automatically email you instructions on how to reset your password. 4) Pay for your purchase We recognise that security is one of the major concerns for online shopping, so we utilise state of the art security from leading international financial organisations. For your peace of mind, we do not store or have access to your credit card numbers. The Payment Page is held on the secure servers of one of our card processors, such as Barclaycard ePDQ or PayPal. They ensure that your transaction is securely encrypted for your privacy and protection at all times. We accept all major credit and debit cards. 5) Sit back and relax That's it!  You can track the status of your order via the 'My Account' area on our site; just sign in using the email address and password you chose when ordering.

Money Back Guarantee We want you to be completely happy with your purchase. If you have changed your mind for any reason, please let us know as soon as possible. REFUNDS Please contact us within 30 days of receiving your goods and return the items to us within 14 days of letting us know. We will then refund you within 14 days of receiving the goods back (often much quicker). You do not have to provide a reason. Please note that we can only refund delivery costs if the return is a result of our error. EXCHANGES We can exchange goods within 30 days from delivery. After this we can only exchange items if they were received faulty or if the wrong item was received incorrectly. Free exchanges apply to UK orders only, replacement items sent to an overseas address may be charged the full postal cost for delivery. REPAIRS AND REPLACEMENTS In the unlikely event you receive a faulty item you can request a replacement within 6 months. After 6 months we may require proof that the item was faulty when you bought it, Please contact us and we'll advise you on the next steps to take. CHRISTMAS GIFTS Any purchase bought as a Christmas present after 31st October can be returned up to January 6th. The item must be returned in the condition that you received it and in its original packaging.  Returns Policy We want you to be absolutely delighted with your purchase but if for any reason you change your mind, be confident that you can easily return any unwanted items. To return an item please contact us via the Feedback page first for return authorization quoting your order reference. Simply indicate the reason for your return. All we ask is that you return the item in the condition that you receive it, including the invoice, and wrap the package securely (the packaging they arrive in can often be used for the return) IMPORTANT: PLEASE SEND ITEMS BY RECORDED DELIVERY ONLY We will replace faulty items with the same product or refund back to a credit card if the item is no longer available. Our returns policy is valid for 30 days from receipt of goods. Please post returns to our address shown in the returns authorization email. All personalised or made-to-order items are excluded from the returns policy, so please check carefully before ordering. As soon as you place an order for a personalised or made-to-order item you have entered into a contract to purchase that item. Therefore once you have submitted the order you cannot cancel or return the item either before or after dispatch. During peak periods exchanges can take up to 28 days to process. If you require an exchange for a specific date, e.g. in time for Christmas, we advise that you place a fresh order as we cannot guarantee that returns will be processed in time. CHECKING We check every single return, if an item is found not to be faulty by our independent tests we may return the item with a postage charge. A full charge will be made on goods that have been returned in a used or unsaleable condition (e.g. damaged packaging, torn, scuffed or dirty goods). We reserve the right to return to you (at your cost) any item returned to us after 21 days or not in compliance with the conditions above. Please visit Feedback to send us comments, suggestions etc, remembering to quote your order reference in any correspondence Please contact us for return address details. UK returns should be sent to Media Storehouse Meridien House, Ground Floor 69-71 Clarendon Road Watford WD17 1DS Please contact us for details of where to return goods to if you are not in the UK.












Corporate
Affiliates
Cartham
Galleries
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Checkout
Newsletter
About Us
Help
Privacy
Returns
Terms & Conditions






 European Store
 British Store
 American Store
 Australian Store




© Copyright Media Storehouse, All Rights Reserved 2017
☎ Media Storehouse® +44 (0)203 286 0822 (UK)         ✉ Email
























	Dorothy, Nee Tennant Stanley Posters at AllPosters.com





   





 



 

 
























 

 

 

 







 

 
   Home/Art/Artists/Artists by Name/S/Stanley, Dorothy, Nee Tennant    Dorothy, Nee Tennant Stanley(1 Item)Itemitems       Narrow Your Results       Clear All Filters Size - + Clear Popular Sizes            Exact Size   in. in.      
                    Width:   
                    Height:    shape - + Clear Popular Shapes      ALL     Landscape     Panoramic    Color - + Clear Popular colors      ALL     Neutral     Narrow by :           The Dorothy, Nee Tennant Stanley  category contains 1 item Shop By Product Types      Prints       Canvas     
            Sort by:  
        Best Seller   
                Best Seller SortbyBestSeller 
                Width (Narrow to Wide)  SortbyWidth 
                Width (Wide to Narrow) SortbyWidth 
                Height (Short to Tall) SortbyHeight 
                Height (Tall to Short) SortbyHeight 
                Price (Low to High) SortbyPrice 
                Price (High to Low) SortbyPrice 
                Newest SortbyNewestFalse 
            Views:      
    Pages   
                Color:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Neutral 110208   
                Shape:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Landscape 110198 
                    Panoramic 110200   
                Size:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Small 110181 
                    Medium 110182 
                    Large 110183 
                    Oversized 110184   
                Remove Filters #ffffff#000000                Street Arabs at Play, 1890 Giclee Print - 18 x 12 in Giclee Print 1 18 x 12 in   Dorothy, Nee Tennant Stanley From
                $39.99   $39.99  (14 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 1-2 days        Close + more product detailsBy:  See it Framed save to favorites add to cart   Ship TimeShip time indicates the typical number of business days it takes for your item(s) to leave our facilities but does not include transit time from our facilities to the final destination.Orders that contain multiple items with different ship times will be shipped out based on the item with the longest ship time.Please note:  Ship time is determined based on the method of payment chosen.This item cannot be framedLearn More Choose your size   Size Type Usually ships in Price      Add to Cart   Images:  
            36 
                12 
                24 
                36 
                48
    Pages    Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36False127.0.0.1www.allposters.com11US291A8324C52A540909A800D684F9F0C3EUSD%248401USD1cat=115115&search=115115&c=c&=%2c&gt=st&title=Dorothy-Nee-Tennant-Stanley-Posters&N=115115+2115115&CatID=115115&No=0&cid=91A8324C52A540909A800D684F9F0C3E&authtoken=e345cebcfc854384bc41cf56ec311880&profileurl=%2fme%2fxtzha6yrok_w75u3d7vsvq2%2f&accounttype=1&accountid=5466570762&Ns=P_SiteRank&Ntk=All&WT.cg_n=Gallery+BrowseTrue 











×
Get in on the good stuff



Please enter a valid email address.











Sign up now to get your exclusive discount.Email subscribers receive up to 40% off.








×
PSSST...
WANT TO SAVE 40%?



Please enter a valid email address.












No thanks. I don't like savings.



falseFilter


Street Arabs at Play, 1890 Giclee Print by Dorothy, Nee Tennant Stanley at Art.com













































 We're Here to Help   Need a quick answer? You've come to the right place.




 Give us a call 

800-952-5592


 Live Chat
Open Chat Window



 Send us an Email
support@art.com
Write to us at support@art.com
and we'll respond as quickly as possible.








Find Answers
What can we help you with?


Help Overview
FAQ's
Track Your Order
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Certificates



















































TrueHome / Shop /  Bridgeman Art / Item# 22112256130ABridgeman Art27531Street Arabs at Play, 1890This is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Dorothy, Nee Tennant StanleyPrintRecommended FramesCustom FramesCanvasWood MountFrameSize:24" x 16" [20" x 8.5" without border]Print type:Giclee Print 24" x 16" Giclee Print20" x 8.5" without border$49.99$24.99Ships in 1-2 daysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYNeed help? Chat nowStreet Arabs at Play, 1890 (oil on canvas), Stanley, Dorothy, nee Tennant (1855-1926) / © Lady Lever Art Gallery, National Museums Liverpool / The Bridgeman Art Library This giclée print offers beautiful color accuracy on a high-quality paper (235 gsm) that is a great option for framing with its smooth, acid free surface. Giclée (French for “to spray”) is a printing process where millions of ink droplets are sprayed onto the paper’s surface creating natural color transitions.More about this product24" x 16" Giclee Print20" x 8.5" without border$49.99$24.99Ships in 1-2 daysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct DetailsProduct DetailsStreet Arabs at Play, 1890 (oil on canvas), Stanley, Dorothy, nee Tennant (1855-1926) / © Lady Lever Art Gallery, National Museums Liverpool / The Bridgeman Art Library This giclée print offers beautiful color accuracy on a high-quality paper (235 gsm) that is a great option for framing with its smooth, acid free surface. Giclée (French for “to spray”) is a printing process where millions of ink droplets are sprayed onto the paper’s surface creating natural color transitions.About the ArtRead MoreItem# 22112256130AReviewsGuarantee & ReturnsBackDetailsReviewsCommentsProduct DetailsStreet Arabs at Play, 1890 (oil on canvas), Stanley, Dorothy, nee Tennant (1855-1926) / © Lady Lever Art Gallery, National Museums Liverpool / The Bridgeman Art Library This giclée print offers beautiful color accuracy on a high-quality paper (235 gsm) that is a great option for framing with its smooth, acid free surface. Giclée (French for “to spray”) is a printing process where millions of ink droplets are sprayed onto the paper’s surface creating natural color transitions.About the ArtRead MoreItem# 22112256130AThere are no customer reviews yet100% Satisfaction GuaranteeWe are committed to quality products and your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return it within 30 days of receipt and receive a free replacement or a full refund for the price of the product. Learn MoreRelated CategoriesRelated CategoriesBridgeman ArtEuropeUnited KingdomUrbanChildrenCityscapesGirlsBoysLiverpoolScenicWorld RegionsOther CollectionsGalleries with this productTrueHome / Shop /  Bridgeman Art / Item# 22112256130ABridgeman Art27531Street Arabs at Play, 1890This is a machine translation of the product title to English. Since we have thousands of products, we cannot manually translate all their titles in a timely manner. To help you discover the right product, we provide you with a machine translation of the product title in the interim. In most cases, the machine translations are linguistically accurate (or at the very least helpful in your discovery process), but in some cases you may notice strange or incorrect translations. We apologize for these situations. Our machine translation engine is Google Translate.By Dorothy, Nee Tennant Stanley24" x 16" Giclee Print20" x 8.5" without border$49.99$24.99Ships in 1-2 daysADD TO CARTSAVE TO GALLERYProduct Details










Order Toll Free

800-952-5592

International

France
United Kingdom

BUSINESS SALES

1-866-303-3780
Offices
Hospitality
Healthcare
Designers and Architects



Customer Service

Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
International Orders
Gift Cards
FAQs



About Art.com

Our Company
Careers
Business & Trade Sales
Affiliate Program
Shop Our Catalog
ART.COM BLOG
MUSEUM SHOPS



My Account

Access My Account
Track My Order




Sign up for exclusive offers and inspiration


Please enter a valid email address













Follow Us












































© Art.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
Art.com, You+Art, and Photos [to] Art are trademarks or registered trademarks of Art.com Inc.
Various aspects of this website are covered by issued US patent No. 7,973,796 and other pending patent applications.






























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































Tennant Stanley N Md in Greensboro, North Carolina with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeGreensboro, NCTennant Stanley N MdGreensboro, NC Tennant Stanley N MdAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Wilson Stanley C Md409 Parkway Ste EGreensboro, NC 27401(336) 273-2226Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Fuller, Stanley B, MD1710 Kernersville Medical PkwyKernersville, NC 27284(336) 564-4873Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Stanley D Schaeffer MDBBB Rating: A+291 Broad StKernersville, NC 27284(336) 993-8181Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Stanley Schaeffer MD2800 Darrow RdWalkertown, NC 27051(336) 595-3699Physicians & SurgeonsClinicsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Fuller, Stanley B, MD2825 Lyndhurst Ave Ste 101,Winston Salem, NC 27103(336) 277-4075Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. DR Stanley Harrison Doctor of Medicine2509 Richardson DrReidsville, NC 27320(336) 634-3085Physicians & SurgeonsBusinesses in related categories to Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Thomasville OB-GYN Assoc PA(3)1302 Lexington AveThomasville, NC 27360(336) 475-6139Physicians & Surgeons,...WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoHands down, the doctors at Thomasville OB-Gyn are the best you will find. They go above and beyond, and maintain an excellent bedside manner - which…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Kernersville Eye Surgeons PC280 Broad St Ste DKernersville, NC 27284(336) 992-9637Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Welcome to Kernersville Eye Surgeons! We are a comprehensive ophthalmology practice in the center of North Carolina's Piedmont Triad. We specialize in medical, la…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED9. Rehm & Riggs DDS MD PABBB Rating: A+2708 Henry StGreensboro, NC 27405(336) 295-6818Physicians & Surgeons, Cosmetic SurgeryWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Drs Scott R. Rehm, DDS, & Robert J. Riggs Jr., DDS, MD, & Their Team, Are Greensboro's Premier Oral, Implant, & Facial Cosmetic Surgery Center. They Perform Many …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Piedmont Plastic SurgeryBBB Rating: A+1011 N Lindsay St Suite 202High Point, NC 27262(336) 886-1667Cosmetic ServicesHealth ResortsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Our unique care begins the moment you come in for your very first consultation. You will clearly experience our focus on your individual needs in a pleasant, comf…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. Triad Women's Health and Wellness Center(1)3750 Admiral Dr Suite 104High Point, NC 27265(336) 841-6574Health & Fitness Program ConsultantsWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoDr. Greene is an extremely thorough and caring doctor. She takes the time to listen to your concerns and I am convinced that she has my health and w…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED12. Medical Center Urology(3)624 Quaker Ln Suite C-103High Point, NC 27262(336) 882-0220Physicians & Surgeons,...WebsiteYP AdDirectionsServicesMore InfoI highly recommend Dr. Puschinsky and his practice.  The staff really cares about their patients and they are very patient and helpful.  Your questi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. eyecarecenter509 Lauchwood DrLaurinburg, NC 28352(336) 283-7340SunglassesWebsiteDirectionsFrom Business: At eyecarecenter, we believe in truly innovative vision care. Our eye doctors offer the most comprehensive eye exam on the market, also diagnosing and providing t…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED14. Central Carolina Dermatology Clinic Inc(2)404 Westwood AveHigh Point, NC 27262(336) 887-3195Physicians & Surgeons, DermatologyWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoI am so sorry that this happened to you.  I have been seeing Dr. Smith t CCDC for 15 years and he can't be any more attentive, kind and sweet and hi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Thomasville Pediatrics(4)BBB Rating: A+200 Arthur DrThomasville, NC 27360(336) 475-2348Physicians & Surgeons, PediatricsWebsiteYP AdDirectionsServicesMore InfoDr. Williams Sr. started treating me when he first started in Thomasville. I had had severe ear infections until I saw him. That was 40 years ago!  …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Carolina Partners In Mental HealthCare PLLC(1)BBB Rating: A+1055 Dresser CtRaleigh, NC 27609(919) 929-9610Mental Health ServicesWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoUnprofessional practices and is desperate to increase cliental and will misdiagnoss to ensure steady patient flow!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED17. Youth Focus Inc(1)301 E Washington StGreensboro, NC 27401(336) 645-8023Social Service OrganizationsWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore Infothis is the best group home if you like to play sports and do some cool stuff Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Greensboro Adult & Adolescent Internal Medicine1511 Westover TerGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 378-9906Physicians & SurgeonsDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED19. Carolina Bone And Joint1331 N Elm StGreensboro, NC 27401(336) 295-6799Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED20. Greensboro Medical AssociatesBBB Rating: A+1511 Westover TerGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 373-0611Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED21. Koala Eye Center PC(2)719 Green Valley RdGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 645-8012Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore Infothey always do a great job with my childAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Coley Cosmetic & Hand Surgery Center PABBB Rating: A+3903 N Elm StGreensboro, NC 27455(336) 617-8645Physicians & SurgeonsHospitalsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. Patel, M Grace MD2519 Oakcrest AveGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 271-2007Physicians &...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Gould Eye Care Associates405 ParkwayGreensboro, NC 27401(336) 274-2441OptometristsWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED25. Piedmont Eye Surgical and Laser CenterBBB Rating: A+1002 N Church StGreensboro, NC 27401(336) 854-4441Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: We specialize in: Glaucoma & Laser Treatment, No-Stitch Cataract Surgery, Cornea, Botox, and Adult Eye Muscle Surgery. Dr. Tim Bevis uses cutting edge procedures …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED26. Groat Eyecare Associates PABBB Rating: A+1317 N Elm StGreensboro, NC 27401(336) 378-1442Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteDirectionsProductsMore InfoFrom Business: Groat Eyecare Associates offers a full range of services encompassing routine eyecare, optical services and medical/surgical management of eye diseases. Groat Eye…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED27. Hall, John H Jr MDBBB Rating: A+1305 W Wendover AveGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 383-1293Physicians & Surgeons, DermatologyWebsiteRead FAQsYP AdDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Our providers are all experts in dermatology: the treatment of the skin, hair, and nails. Our primary concern is to deliver the highest quality dermatology care. …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED28. Wendover OB-GYN & Infertility Inc1908 Lendew StGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 790-9818Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Wendover OB/GYN & Infertility specializes in obstetrics and gynecology. It provides specialized examination, diagnosis and treatment related to women's health pro…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collectionPREFERRED29. Greensboro Ophthalmology Associates PA8 N Pointe CtGreensboro, NC 27408(336) 790-5265Physicians & Surgeons, OphthalmologyWebsiteVirtual TourYP AdDirectionsServicesMore InfoSponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredBariatric Clinic PA The2020 S Holden Rd, Greensboro, NC 27407(336) 542-2395WebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore InfoGreensboro Medical Associates1511 Westover Ter, Greensboro, NC 27408(336) 373-0611A Multi-Specialty Practice in One LocationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEar Center Of Greensboro PA The1126 N Church St, Greensboro, NC 27401(336) 268-8397Comprehensive Ear and Hearing CareWebsiteContact UsDirectionsMore InfoGroat Eyecare Associates PA1317 N Elm St, Greensboro, NC 27401(336) 378-1442WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoWendover OB-GYN & Infertility Inc1908 Lendew St, Greensboro, NC 27408(336) 790-9818WebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoGreensboro Plastic Surgical Associates PA(6)2716 Henry St, Greensboro, NC 27405(336) 365-0286WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGreensboro Adult & Adolescent Internal Medicine1511 Westover Ter, Greensboro, NC 27408(336) 378-9906Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoCarolina Bone And Joint1331 N Elm St, Greensboro, NC 27401(336) 295-6799Quality Medicine. Personalized Care.WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoCarolina Kidney Associates309 New St, Greensboro, NC 27405(336) 379-9708Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTriad Women's Health and Wellness Center(1)3750 Admiral Dr Suite 104, High Point, NC 27265(336) 841-6574WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoThomasville OB-GYN Assoc PA1302 Lexington Ave, Thomasville, NC 27360(336) 475-6139The Women's Healthcare SpecialistsWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoMedical Center Urology(3)624 Quaker Ln Suite C-103, High Point, NC 27262(336) 882-0220WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoUNC Regional Physicians1720 Westchester Dr, High Point, NC 27262(336) 878-6348Your Region. Your Physicians.WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoPiedmont Plastic Surgery1011 N Lindsay St Suite 202, High Point, NC 27262(336) 886-1667WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTriad Women's Health and Wellness Center3750 Admiral Dr Suite 104, High Point, NC 27265(336) 841-6574WebsiteCouponsYP AdDirectionsMore InfoPalladium Primary Care3750 Admiral Dr, High Point, NC 27265(336) 841-8500WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoChildren's Urology of the Carolinas230 Baldwin Ave, Charlotte, NC 28204(704) 780-4331WebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the Greensboro area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback








Products | Tennant Company







































































































































Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu










































All Products
▼




x







All Products
Machines
Parts & Consumables
Documents














7 More items in Your cart


Subtotal
$000


Checkout



Your shopping cart is empty.


There was an error retrieving your cart. Please try again later.







Added To Your Cart




Product List (0 items)










×


×







 Products









Find The Right Machine For Your Unique Needs











Whatever your cleaning needs, Tennant offers a variety of equipment to help you increase your cleaning productivity.
 


























Scrubbers
Floor Scrubbers use water and NanoClean® Technology to remove debris from floor surfaces. Choose from walk-behind and rider scrubber equipment, disc or cylindrical brushes, and swap out heads for your unique job. Learn about unique Tennant technologies that help you reduce chemical and water use.

Explore Scrubbers
























Sweepers
Floor Sweepers use brushes and a vacuum system to pick up and remove dry debris from floor surfaces. Whether you are cleaning compact or large floor areas, Tennant offers walk-behind and rider sweeper equipment, corded, manual or battery-powered, and a variety of brush sizes and options to fit your needs. Learn about patented Tennant technologies that help you maximize efficiency while controling dust.

Explore Sweepers

































Sweeper-Scrubbers
Sweeper-Scrubbers use water/detergent and vacuum systems to thoroughly sweep and scrub floor surfaces with regular debris. Tennant offers battery-powered riding sweeper-scrubber machines available with innovative technologies to effectively clean large indoor or outdoor indusrial spaces in one pass.

Explore Sweeper-Scrubbers
























Carpet Extractors
Carpet Extractors use hot or cold water to break down dirt deep in carpet fibers and extract it, removing surface stains and odors. Tennant offers portable extractors for spot cleaning, walk-behind and rider, in pull back and forward push designs, bringing you maximum flexibility to clean in large or small spaces. 

Explore Carpet Extractors

































Burnishers/Floor Machines
Burnishers and Single Disc Floor Machines scrub, polish and strip almost any floor. Tennant's walk-behind and rider equpment is available corded or battery-powered and in a variety of speeds and down pressure based on your unique need.

Explore Burnishers/Floor Machines
























Vacuums
Commercial Vacuums remove loose dirt, dust and soil from carpets. Tennant offers a complete line of upright, backpack and canister vacuums. Count on Tennant vacuums equipment for durability and versatility for application in almost any environment with heavy-duty, lightweight, single motor, dual motor, wet-dry, and wide-area vacuum options available.​​​​​​​​

Explore Vacuums

































Specialty Cleaning Equipment
Conveniently clean almost anywhere with Tennant’s specialty cleaning machines. Tennant Company has solutions for any specialty cleaning needs you might have, from industrial blower fans and all surface cleaning machines to On-Site Generation (OSG) by Orbio Technologies. Count on Tennant specialty cleaning equipment for durability for applications on floors, counters, walls and almost any surface.

Explore Specialty Cleaning Equipment















 
 








				Request Information
		














 
Find The Right Part For Your Machine

 












Purchase consumables made exclusively for your Tennant floor cleaning equipment and choose TennantTrue® parts, designed specifically for your Tennant machine, for optimum performance. 
 












				Find A Parts Category
		







 
 






























				Online Parts Catalog
		



















 
Tools And Resources
 






Your needs don't stop after you purchase new or reconditioned Tennant equipment. Tennant Service Plans help keep your machine up and running, TennantTrue® parts help you protect your investment and keep your equipment running optimally, and if you would like to finance or lease your equipment, Tennant has you covered.
 













How To Buy









				Learn More
		











Service Plans









				Learn More
		











Parts Finder









				Learn More
		











Leasing/Financing









				Learn More
		

























CONTACT US
 


















First Name*



Last Name*





Company Name*



Work Email*





Postal Code*



Industry*


BSC
Distributor
Education
Government
Healthcare
Hospitality
Logistics/Warehouse
Manufacturing
Office
Other
Outdoor
Public Venues
Raw Materials
Rental House
Retail
Transportation





Phone*



Country*





Comments

























* Required Fields























































Brands marked with ® are registered in the United States and/or other countries. Brands marked with the TM are not registered and protected under applicable law.























