




























Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Sells 350 Shares of Primerica, Inc. (PRI) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Primerica Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Primerica Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) is America First Investment Advisors LLC’s 8th Largest Position
Webster Bank N. A. Has $7.64 Million Position in Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN)
Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Downgraded to Strong Sell at BidaskClub
$8.50 Million in Sales Expected for American Superconductor Corporation (AMSC) This Quarter
Siemens AG (SIE) Receives €133.60 Average Price Target from Analysts
Stornoway Diamond Co. (TSE:SWY) Director Patrick Godin Sells 250,000 Shares
Pivotal Research Lowers USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Price Target to $70.00
Fomento Economico Mexicano S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:FMX) Releases  Earnings Results
East West Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:EWBC) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
RPC, Inc. (RES) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results
Deere & (NYSE:DE) versus Allison Transmission Holdings (ALSN) Critical Contrast
Zacks: Empresa Distribuidora Y Comercializadora Norte S.A. (Edenor) (NYSE:EDN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages
Comparing Iron Mountain (IRM) and Tangoe (TNGO)
$248.29 Million in Sales Expected for Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NYSE:NCI) This Quarter
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.10 EPS
Global Partners LP (NYSE:GLP) Lowered to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub
IDEX Corporation (NYSE:IEX) Downgraded to Buy at BidaskClub
Archrock Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ:APLP) Downgraded to “Sell” at BidaskClub
Federal Realty Investment Trust (NYSE:FRT) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC
Zacks: Farmers & Merchants Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:FMAO) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages



 


Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Sells 350 Shares of Primerica, Inc. (PRI)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Terra Nova Asset Management LLC decreased its position in  Primerica, Inc. (NYSE:PRI) by 3.7% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 9,064 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 350 shares during the period. Terra Nova Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Primerica were worth $687,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of PRI. James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Primerica during the first quarter worth approximately $152,000.  Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Primerica during the second quarter worth approximately $211,000.  World Asset Management Inc acquired a new position in shares of  Primerica during the first quarter worth approximately $233,000.  TD Asset Management Inc. raised its position in  Primerica by 1.7% in the first quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,030 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $249,000 after buying an additional 52 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Sawtooth Solutions LLC purchased a new position in  Primerica during the first quarter valued at about $274,000. Institutional investors own  97.09% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Primerica Inc. alerts:



Primerica, Inc. (PRI) traded down 0.70% during trading on Friday, reaching $78.35. 218,655 shares of the company traded hands. Primerica, Inc. has a 12-month low of $49.69 and a 12-month high of $86.45. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.57 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.38 and a beta of 1.13. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $75.57 and its 200 day moving average price is $78.14. 




Primerica (NYSE:PRI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The financial services provider reported $1.11 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.15 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $405.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $401.58 million. Primerica had a net margin of 14.49% and a return on equity of 18.22%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.93 EPS.  Equities research analysts expect that  Primerica, Inc. will post $5.23 earnings per share for the current year. 
WARNING: “Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Sells 350 Shares of Primerica, Inc. (PRI)” was  posted by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/terra-nova-asset-management-llc-sells-350-shares-of-primerica-inc-pri.html. 
Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Primerica from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 1st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $83.00 target price on shares of Primerica in a report on Friday, June 23rd. William Blair lowered shares of Primerica from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Primerica from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company lowered shares of Primerica from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Primerica  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.20.
In other Primerica news, VP Alison S. Rand sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.55, for a total transaction of $143,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 37,385 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,674,896.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own  1.24% of the company’s stock. 
Primerica Company Profile
Primerica Inc (Primerica) is a distributor of financial products to middle-income households in the United States and Canada. The Company operates through three segments: Term Life Insurance, Investment and Savings Products, and Corporate and Other Distributed Products. The Term Life Insurance segment includes underwriting profits on its in-force book of term life insurance policies, net of reinsurance, which are underwritten by its life insurance company subsidiaries.







Receive News & Ratings for Primerica Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Primerica Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Webster Bank N. A. Has $7.64 Million Position in Amazon.com, Inc. 





Honeywell International Inc.  is America First Investment Advisors LLC’s 8th Largest Position





Hospitality Properties Trust  Downgraded to Strong Sell at BidaskClub





$8.50 Million in Sales Expected for American Superconductor Corporation  This Quarter





Siemens AG  Receives €133.60 Average Price Target from Analysts





Stornoway Diamond Co.  Director Patrick Godin Sells 250,000 Shares






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿




























Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Maintains Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Parker-Hannifin Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Parker-Hannifin Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Contrasting Boot Barn Holdings (BOOT) and The Finish Line (NASDAQ:FINL)
Oppenheimer Holdings Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE)
Capital One Financial Corporation Weighs in on Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (NYSE:HLX)
Comcast Co. (NASDAQ:CMCSK) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.16
Stock Buyback Program Authorized by First Financial Bankshares (FFIN) Board
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (OTC:ISNPY) Decreased by Analyst
FY2017 EPS Estimates for Bank of Hawaii Corporation (BOH) Lifted by DA Davidson
Analysts Anticipate D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.03 Billion
Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC
ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €29.00 Price Target by Royal Bank Of Canada Analysts
Benchmark Co. Boosts Mitek Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:MITK) Price Target to $12.00
Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Has $424,000 Position in BP p.l.c. (BP)
Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $297,000 Position in Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (NYSE:IFF)
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Assa Abloy AB (OTCMKTS:ASAZY) to Buy
Teresa L. Dick Buys 1,540 Shares of Viper Energy Partners LP (VNOM) Stock
Western Asset Mortgage Capital Corporation (NYSE:WMC) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Zacks Investment Research
Wayne Andrew Zallen Sells 2,047,000 Shares of Grow Condos, Inc. (GRWC) Stock
Insider Selling: Oak Valley Bancorp (CA) (NASDAQ:OVLY) COO Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock
The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley
Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday



 


Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Maintains Position in Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH)

					Posted by Devon Dixon on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Terra Nova Asset Management LLC maintained its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,388 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Terra Nova Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Parker-Hannifin Corporation were worth $222,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 2,619.0% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,166,311 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,309,223,000 after buying an additional 7,865,974 shares during the period.  Jennison Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 8.1% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 4,673,164 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $749,202,000 after buying an additional 349,010 shares during the period.  FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 1,163.3% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,754,907 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $281,346,000 after buying an additional 1,615,987 shares during the period.  Geode Capital Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 9.7% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 1,353,921 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $216,760,000 after buying an additional 119,228 shares during the period.  Finally, Beutel Goodman & Co Ltd. raised its stake in shares of  Parker-Hannifin Corporation by 6.4% in the second quarter. Beutel Goodman & Co Ltd. now owns 1,256,006 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $154,614,000 after buying an additional 75,216 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.91% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Parker-Hannifin Corporation alerts:



Shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) traded down 0.86% during trading on Friday, reaching $164.54. 1,057,445 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Parker-Hannifin Corporation has a one year low of $111.36 and a one year high of $167.12. The stock has a market cap of $21.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.97 and a beta of 1.40. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $160.27 and a 200-day moving average price of $155.95. 




Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.86 by $0.25. Parker-Hannifin Corporation had a return on equity of 22.14% and a net margin of 8.11%. The firm had revenue of $3.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.03 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.51 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 10.3% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Parker-Hannifin Corporation will post $7.93 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/23/terra-nova-asset-management-llc-maintains-position-in-parker-hannifin-corporation-nyseph.html. 
PH has been the subject of several recent research reports. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. ValuEngine upgraded shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, June 14th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $189.00 target price on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, May 28th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  set a $175.00 target price on shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 18th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Parker-Hannifin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $180.00 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $165.18.
In other news, VP William R. Bowman sold 2,900 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $158.92, for a total transaction of $460,868.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,172 shares in the company, valued at approximately $186,254.24. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, VP Robert W. Bond sold 12,490 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $161.78, for a total value of $2,020,632.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 21,563 shares of company stock worth $3,471,380 in the last quarter. Insiders own  2.73% of the company’s stock. 
About Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Parker-Hannifin Corporation is a manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a range of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The Company operates through segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. The Diversified Industrial Segment is an aggregation of several business units, which manufacture motion-control and fluid power system components for builders and users of various types of manufacturing, packaging, processing, transportation, agricultural, construction, and military vehicles and equipment.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH).







Receive News & Ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker-Hannifin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Contrasting Boot Barn Holdings  and The Finish Line 





Oppenheimer Holdings Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for General Electric Company 





Capital One Financial Corporation Weighs in on Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings 





Stock Buyback Program Authorized by First Financial Bankshares  Board





Comcast Co.  Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.16





FY2017 EPS Estimates for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA  Decreased by Analyst






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿

























Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Cheniere Energy Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Cheniere Energy Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

ACI Worldwide (ACIW) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.24
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Acxiom Corporation (ACXM) Share Price
Arbor Realty Trust (ABR) Receives News Impact Score of 0.04
Aduro Biotech (ADRO) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.25
Advanced Accelerator Applications (AAAP) Getting Positive News Coverage, Accern Reports
Adecoagro (AGRO) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
KeyCorp Weighs in on KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation’s Q2 2017 Earnings (KS)
BMO Capital Markets () Receives Consensus Rating of “” from Brokerages
Mercantile Bank Corporation (MBWM) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Equal Energy (NYSE:ENT) Stock Price
Critical Analysis: Concordia International Corp. (CXRX) & Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals (TTPH)
Analysts Anticipate Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) Will Post Earnings of $1.99 Per Share
Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH) Position Lowered by Charter Trust Co.
Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC Raises Stake in Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI)
Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Has $466,000 Position in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (NASDAQ:HBAN)
Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) Position Cut by BB&T Securities LLC
Hyman Charles D Has $570,000 Stake in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE:AEP)
Alliancebernstein L.P. Lowers Position in UMB Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:UMBF)
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Takes Position in UGI Corporation (UGI)
Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $1,411,000 Position in Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG)


 


Terra Nova Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG)

Posted by Vince Mercandetti on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Terra Nova Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Cheniere Energy, Inc. (NYSE:LNG) during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 13,872 shares of the energy company’s stock, valued at approximately $676,000. 
Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in LNG. Atria Investments LLC boosted its position in shares of Cheniere Energy by 0.4% in the second quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 6,804 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $331,000 after buying an additional 24 shares during the last quarter. Waldron LP boosted its position in shares of Cheniere Energy by 2.3% in the first quarter. Waldron LP now owns 6,550 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $309,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the last quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of Cheniere Energy by 3.3% in the first quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 4,972 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $235,000 after buying an additional 159 shares during the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Cheniere Energy by 0.7% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 30,047 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $1,420,000 after buying an additional 215 shares during the last quarter. Finally, World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in shares of Cheniere Energy by 3.4% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 8,148 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $385,000 after buying an additional 270 shares during the last quarter. 




Cheniere Energy, Inc. (NYSE LNG) traded down 0.88% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $45.15. The company had a trading volume of 2,288,942 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $10.49 billion. Cheniere Energy, Inc. has a 12 month low of $35.07 and a 12 month high of $51.41. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $47.85 and its 200 day moving average price is $46.96. 


 Get Cheniere Energy Inc. alerts:



Cheniere Energy (NYSE:LNG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The energy company reported $0.23 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.37) by $0.60. The business had revenue of $1.21 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $663.20 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($1.41) EPS. Cheniere Energy’s revenue for the quarter was up 1655.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Cheniere Energy, Inc. will post $0.58 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This piece of content was reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/terra-nova-asset-management-llc-takes-position-in-cheniere-energy-inc-lng.html. 
Several brokerages have recently issued reports on LNG. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on Cheniere Energy from $53.00 to $58.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Zacks Investment Research cut Cheniere Energy from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Scotiabank reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price objective on shares of Cheniere Energy in a research note on Friday. Morgan Stanley cut Cheniere Energy from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and set a $50.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $58.00 price objective (up previously from $55.00) on shares of Cheniere Energy in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $54.08.
About Cheniere Energy
Cheniere Energy, Inc (Cheniere) is an energy company primarily engaged in liquefied natural gas (LNG)-related businesses. The Company operates through two segments: LNG terminal business, and LNG and natural gas marketing business. Its LNG terminal segment consists of the Sabine Pass and Corpus Christi LNG terminals. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LNG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cheniere Energy, Inc. (NYSE:LNG).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Cheniere Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cheniere Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 







































 











Terra Nova - Financial Management Founding Partner Daniel Baumgartner















English | Deutsch






We’re sorry, but for a better user experience, our site uses Javascript.To learn how to turn Javascript on, please click here.





Our Team > Daniel Baumgartner
Daniel Baumgartner 
Founding Partner






Daniel Baumgartner is a founding partner of Terra Nova Asset Management LLC. Prior to the firm’s founding, Mr. Baumgartner was responsible for marketing, development of special US-Investment products, as well as customer acquisition and relationship management in the Asset Management Department of Commerzbank Capital Markets Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Commerzbank AG, Frankfurt, Germany, which he joined in 1993 and where he held the title of Vice President. 
After receiving his BS degree (Finance/International Business) from New York University in 1983, he started his professional career at Swiss Bank Corporation in New York in Corporate Finance and later moved to the Correspondent Banking area in Zurich. In 1989 he joined Deutsche Bank AG, New York, where he was responsible for U.S. Cash Management Products & Services. 
Contact » 


  


















Terra Nova - Investment Management and Financial Advisory Services















English | Deutsch






We’re sorry, but for a better user experience, our site uses Javascript.To learn how to turn Javascript on, please click here.







Photo: Tony Jin / CC-BY-SA 3.0






Our overriding investment objective is to preserve and grow the assets of our clients. Learn more »


Most fortunes, large and small, have been created through successful entrepreneurship and many years of hard work, rather than through short-term speculation. Our investment philosophy mirrors this fact. We invest for the long run, with an entrepreneurial attitude and with as complete an understanding of the risks as we can obtain.


 























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Terra Nova Asset Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























terra nova asset management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Terra Nova Asset Management LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company offers asset management, real estate investments, strategies, consulting, financial planning, and advisory services. Terra Nova Asset Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

777 3rd Avenue
New York, NY 10017
United States


Phone:
1-212-355-1234


Fax:
1-212-658-9904


Web url:
www.terranovausa.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Petra Peters


CEO/Founding Partner




Daniel Baumgartner


Founding Partner




Constantin R Boden


Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Terra Nova Asset Management Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Terra Nova Asset ManagementThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSTTerra Nova Asset ManagementLocationNew York, NYRevenue$250kTotal Funding$–Founded-Employees2StageprivateCompany Websiteterranovausa.com/LinkedIn–Terra Nova Asset Management LLC is exclusively dedicated to investment
management and marketing financial and advisory services to high-net-worth
individuals in Germany and the USA.Keywordsasset managers,money management,private banking,wealth management,vermögensverwaltungRecent News from Terra Nova Asset ManagementStart trial to view recent news about Terra Nova Asset Management.Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

Terra Nova Asset Management LLC                                                                                          - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            Terra Nova Asset Management LLC
                                    



 





















T 


Terra Nova Asset Management LLC                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



777 3RD AVE FL 32 NEW YORK, NY 10017
Get Directions



(212) 355-1234
www.terranovausa.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $321,815.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts Petra Peters                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Terra Nova Asset Management Llc                                                                                          was founded in 1998, and is located at 777 3rd Ave Fl 32 in New York. Additional information is available at www.terranovausa.com                                                                                     or by contacting Petra Peters                                                                                                             at (212) 355-1234. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Terra Nova Asset Management LLC | Wealthminder











































Terra Nova Asset Management LLC


Terra Nova Asset Management LLC
(CRD# 111676) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $216,306,939 in 106 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Terra Nova Asset Management LLC




777 Third Avenue,
New York,
NY
10017
212-355-1234
http://www.terranovausa.com




http://www.terranovausa.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

216
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

106
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$2,040,632







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




FL, NY






Financial Advisors at Terra Nova Asset Management LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now























Terra Nova - Contact Our Financial Management Team















English | Deutsch






We’re sorry, but for a better user experience, our site uses Javascript.To learn how to turn Javascript on, please click here.




Contact




Telephone
+1.212.355.1234
Fax
+1.212.658.9904


Email
Petra Peters: ppeters@terranovausa.com 
Daniel Baumgartner: baumgartner@terranovausa.com 
Constantin R. Boden: crboden@terranovausa.com


Postal Address
 777 Third Ave., 
        New York, New York 10017, 
        USA
Office Hours
        M.-F.: 9:00 AM  until 5:00 PM  EST
     

 



















Terra Nova - Investment Management and Financial Advisory Services















English | Deutsch






We’re sorry, but for a better user experience, our site uses Javascript.To learn how to turn Javascript on, please click here.







Photo: Tony Jin / CC-BY-SA 3.0






Our overriding investment objective is to preserve and grow the assets of our clients. Learn more »


Most fortunes, large and small, have been created through successful entrepreneurship and many years of hard work, rather than through short-term speculation. Our investment philosophy mirrors this fact. We invest for the long run, with an entrepreneurial attitude and with as complete an understanding of the risks as we can obtain.


 










