

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Terra Income Fund 6, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:47 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Terra Income Fund 6, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



805 Third Avenue8th FloorNew York, NY 10022United States



Phone: 212-753-5100








Key Executives for Terra Income Fund 6, Inc.




Mr. Stephen H. Hamrick


      	President
      


Age: 65
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. Key Developments

Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Mar 23, 2017
Jan 27 17
Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Mar 23, 2017, at 11:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: located at 805 Third Avenue, 8th Floor New York, NY 10022 United States Agenda: To elect two members of the board of directors of the company, who will serve for a term of three years and until their successors are duly elected and qualified; to ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting.


Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. Announces Management Appointments
Apr 26 16
On April 20, 2016, the board of directors of Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. elected Jeffrey M. Altman to fill the vacancy created by the death of Richard B. Jennings, effective immediately. Mr. Altman will serve as a director until the company’s next annual meeting of stockholders and until his successor is elected and duly qualified. The Board also appointed Mr. Altman to serve as a member of its Audit Committee and its Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and as Chairman of its Valuation Committee. Jeffrey M. Altman has been the Managing Director of the real estate and lodging investment banking group of Houlihan Lokey, Inc., an investment bank, since July 2011. He is currently a member of the New York Hospitality Council, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, the International Council of Shopping Centers and the Samuel Zell and Robert Lurie Real Estate Center of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.


Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Mar 24, 2016
Jan 26 16
Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Mar 24, 2016, at 11:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Agenda: To elect two members of the board of directors of the company, who will serve for a term of three years and until their successors are duly elected and qualified; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 



Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. Declared Effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission | Business Wire
























































Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. Declared Effective by the U.S. Securities 
      and Exchange Commission






April 22, 2015 08:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Terra Income Fund 6, Inc. (TIF 6), a new non-traded business development 
      company (BDC), announced today that its registration statement for an 
      initial public offering of $1.0 billion in shares of common stock was 
      declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
      Terra Capital Partners, LLC (Terra Capital Partners), TIF 6's sponsor, 
      is a leading specialty finance company that invests primarily in 
      commercial real estate loans and commercial real estate-related debt 
      securities of private companies.
    

About Terra Income Fund 6, Inc.


      TIF 6 expects to use the proceeds of the offering to originate, acquire, 
      and manage a diversified portfolio consisting of commercial real estate 
      loans to U.S. companies (including mezzanine, first and second lien 
      mortgage, subordinated mortgage, bridge and other commercial real 
      estate-related loans) related to or secured by high quality commercial 
      real estate in the United States (such as office buildings, warehouses, 
      shopping centers, apartment properties and hotels). TIF 6 intends to 
      directly originate most of its investments by capitalizing on Terra 
      Capital Partners’ extensive real estate experience and nationwide 
      network of relationships in the real estate industry.
    

      Bruce Batkin, co-founder and CEO of Terra Capital Partners and CEO and 
      director of TIF 6, commented: “TIF 6 is the first BDC to focus 
      exclusively on loans backed by commercial real estate. We selected the 
      BDC structure because it reflects our core business – lending primarily 
      to middle market borrowers – and, as a company regulated under the 1940 
      Act, it provides transparency, greater investor protections, and 
      quarterly valuations for investors.”
    

      The fund represents an extension of Terra Capital Partners’ successful 
      real estate lending platform, which has focused primarily on mezzanine 
      and bridge investments. Mr. Batkin continued, “We believe the 
      combination of our extensive sourcing network, real estate expertise and 
      disciplined underwriting process will enable us to create an attractive 
      income generating portfolio for our BDC shareholders. Our growing 
      platform reflects the growing importance of alternative lenders to the 
      recapitalization and recovery of the commercial real estate market.”
    

      Alston & Bird LLP serves as legal counsel to TIF 6.
    

About Terra Capital Partners, LLC, Terra Income Advisors, LLC and 
      Terra Capital Markets, LLC


      Terra Capital Partners is a real estate finance and investment company 
      based in New York City that, since 2002, has made investments in over 
      300 office, industrial, retail, apartment and hotel properties 
      nationwide with a value of approximately $6 billion. Additional 
      information about Terra Capital Partners is available at www.tcp-us.com.
    

      Terra Income Advisors, LLC (Terra Income Advisors), a subsidiary of 
      Terra Capital Partners, serves as the investment adviser to TIF 6. Terra 
      Income Advisors is responsible for managing all day-to-day operations 
      and providing investment advisory and management services to TIF 6, 
      including making investment decisions for TIF 6’s portfolio, subject to 
      the oversight of TIF 6’s board.
    

      Investors are advised to carefully consider the investment objectives, 
      risks, and charges and expenses of TIF 6 before investing. The 
      prospectus, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission, contains this and other information about TIF 6 and should 
      be read carefully before investing.
    

      Terra Capital Markets, LLC (Terra Capital Markets) (member FINRA; SIPC) 
      is the dealer manager for the TIF 6 offering. A copy of the prospectus 
      for the offering is available by contacting Terra Capital Markets at 
      (855) 858-0100 or 805 Third Avenue, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10022. 
      Investors are advised to carefully consider the investment objectives, 
      risks and charges and expenses of TIF 6 before investing. The 
      prospectus, which has been filed with the SEC, contains this and other 
      information about TIF 6 and should be read carefully before investing.
    

      This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements. Such 
      forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of 
      forward-looking terminology, such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “intend,” 
      “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “continue” or other similar words. 
      Because such statements include risks, uncertainties and contingencies, 
      actual results may differ materially from the expectations, intentions, 
      beliefs, plans or predictions of the future expressed or implied by such 
      forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and contingencies 
      include, but are not limited to uncertainties relating to: our future 
      operating results; our business prospects; the impact of the investments 
      that we make; the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their 
      objectives; our expected financings and investments; the adequacy of our 
      cash resources, financing sources and working capital; the use of 
      borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; the timing of 
      cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; the 
      timing and amount of distributions and dividends from the companies in 
      which we may invest; our contractual arrangements and relationships with 
      third parties; actual and potential conflicts of interest; our ability 
      to locate suitable investments and to monitor and administer our 
      investments; the ability to attract and retain highly talented 
      professionals; the general economy and its impact on the industries in 
      which we invest; our ability to source favorable private investments; 
      the tax status of the companies in which we invest; our tax status; the 
      effect of changes to tax legislation; changes in the economy; risks 
      associated with possible disruption in our operations or the economy 
      generally due to terrorism or natural disasters; future changes in laws 
      or regulations; and other risk factors as outlined in the prospectus, as 
      amended from time to time. This is neither an offer nor a solicitation 
      to purchase securities. A registration statement relating to these 
      securities was filed and has been declared effective by the SEC. Copies 
      of the prospectus can be obtained by contacting the dealer manager, as 
      provided above.
    

      This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an 
      offer to buy securities. An offering is made only by the prospectus. This 
      press release must be read in conjunction with the prospectus in order 
      to fully understand all of the implications and risks of the offering of 
      securities to which the prospectus relates. A copy of the prospectus 
      must be made available to you in connection with any offering. No 
      offering is made except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law 
      of the State of New York. Neither the SEC, the Attorney-General of the 
      State of New York nor any other state securities regulator has approved 
      or disapproved of our common stock, determined if the prospectus is 
      truthful or complete or passed on or endorsed the merits of the 
      offering. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.
    




Contacts

      Intermarket CommunicationsJade Faugno, 212-754-5425jfaugno@intermarket.com












Release Summary
Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., a new non-traded BDC, announced that its registration statement for an initial public offering of $1.0 billion in shares of common stock was declared effective by the SEC.






Contacts

      Intermarket CommunicationsJade Faugno, 212-754-5425jfaugno@intermarket.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















Terra Income Fund 6 – There has never been a better time to be a lender





































Menu

Terra Income Fund 6

Other Funds

Terra Fund 5
Terra Fund 7


Login

Advisor
Investor


Contact Terra
Wholesaler Map
 

Other Funds

Terra Fund 5
Terra fund 7


Login

Advisor
Investor


 
















We believe there has never been a better time to be a lender. About Terra 6 


Recent Loans






Student Housing, Logan, UT
July 2017
$5 million Preferred Equity Bridge Loan; Terra 6 holds a $1.6 million interest in this loan









Land to be Developed, Atlanta, GA
July 2017
$24.5 million; Terra 6 holds a $10 million interest in this loan






Risk Factors 





×
Risk Factors


Risk Factors
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY A PROSPECTUS. THIS LITERATURE MUST BE PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY A CURRENT PROSPECTUS. AS SUCH, A COPY OF THE CURRENT PROSPECTUS MUST BE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. BEFORE YOU MAKE AN INVESTMENT IN THIS OFFERING, YOU SHOULD READ AND CAREFULLY REVIEW THE CURRENT PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS INCLUDING THE RISKS, CHARGES AND EXPENSES OF THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES TO WHICH IT RELATES. No Offering is made except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the State of New York. Neither the Attorney-General of the State of New York nor any other state or federal regulator has passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering or these securities or confirmed the adequacy or accuracy of the prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. All information contained in this material is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the current prospectus. The achievement of any goals is not guaranteed.
Terra Capital Markets (Member FINRA/SIPC) is the dealer manager for Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., which is a business development company (BDC).
An investment in Terra 6 is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.
We do not intend to list our shares on any national securities exchange during or for a significant time after the end of the offering, and we do not expect a secondary market in the shares to develop. An investment in our shares is not suitable for you if you need access to the money you invest. If you are able to sell your shares, you will likely receive less than your purchase price.
We have not identified specific future investments that we will make with the proceeds of this offering and you will not have the opportunity to evaluate our investments prior to purchasing shares of our common stock. As a result, our offering may be considered a ‘‘blind pool’’ offering.
Our distributions may be funded from unlimited amounts of offering proceeds or borrowings, which may constitute a return of capital and reduce the amount of capital available to us for investment. Distributions funded from a return of capital are not funded from our net profit. Any profits returned to stockholders through distributions will be distributed after payment of fees and expenses.
Economic activity in the United States was adversely impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008 and has yet to fully recover.
These conditions may make it more difficult for us to achieve our investment objectives. Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on Terra Income Advisors’ ability to manage and support our investment process. If our advisor were to lose any members of its senior management team, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be significantly harmed. If we overestimate the value or income-producing ability or incorrectly price the risks of our investments, we may experience losses.










Risk Factors
THIS IS NEITHER AN OFFER TO SELL NOR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. AN OFFERING IS MADE ONLY BY A PROSPECTUS. THIS LITERATURE MUST BE PRECEDED OR ACCOMPANIED BY A CURRENT PROSPECTUS. AS SUCH, A COPY OF THE CURRENT PROSPECTUS MUST BE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. BEFORE YOU MAKE AN INVESTMENT IN THIS OFFERING, YOU SHOULD READ AND CAREFULLY REVIEW THE CURRENT PROSPECTUS IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND FULLY ALL OF THE IMPLICATIONS INCLUDING THE RISKS, CHARGES AND EXPENSES OF THE OFFERING OF SECURITIES TO WHICH IT RELATES. No Offering is made except by a prospectus filed with the Department of Law of the State of New York. Neither the Attorney-General of the State of New York nor any other state or federal regulator has passed on or endorsed the merits of this offering or these securities or confirmed the adequacy or accuracy of the prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. All information contained in this material is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the current prospectus. The achievement of any goals is not guaranteed.
Terra Capital Markets (Member FINRA/SIPC) is the dealer manager for Terra Income Fund 6, Inc., which is a business development company (BDC).
An investment in Terra 6 is speculative and involves a high degree of risk.
We do not intend to list our shares on any national securities exchange during or for a significant time after the end of the offering, and we do not expect a secondary market in the shares to develop. An investment in our shares is not suitable for you if you need access to the money you invest. If you are able to sell your shares, you will likely receive less than your purchase price.
We have not identified specific future investments that we will make with the proceeds of this offering and you will not have the opportunity to evaluate our investments prior to purchasing shares of our common stock. As a result, our offering may be considered a ‘‘blind pool’’ offering.
Our distributions may be funded from unlimited amounts of offering proceeds or borrowings, which may constitute a return of capital and reduce the amount of capital available to us for investment. Distributions funded from a return of capital are not funded from our net profit. Any profits returned to stockholders through distributions will be distributed after payment of fees and expenses.
Economic activity in the United States was adversely impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008 and has yet to fully recover.
These conditions may make it more difficult for us to achieve our investment objectives. Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on Terra Income Advisors’ ability to manage and support our investment process. If our advisor were to lose any members of its senior management team, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be significantly harmed. If we overestimate the value or income-producing ability or incorrectly price the risks of our investments, we may experience losses.








Recent Loans






Student Housing, Logan, UT
July 2017
$5 million Preferred Equity Bridge Loan; Terra 6 holds a $1.6 million interest in this loan









Land to be Developed, Atlanta, GA
July 2017
$24.5 million; Terra 6 holds a $10 million interest in this loan



















