








Todd J. Teske - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Todd J. Teske
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Briggs & Stratton Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Todd J. Teske? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Todd J. Teske's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Todd J. Teske's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Todd J. Teske's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Todd J. Teske through your network of contacts.
												








Todd J. Teske's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Briggs & Stratton Corporation


Board Member, 
Lennox International Inc.


Board Member, 
Badger Meter, Inc.


Past
To view Todd J. Teske's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Master's, 
															Northwestern University


Age
52

 
 


Todd J. Teske's Biography



Todd J. Teske, 52, has served as a director of our company since 2011 and as Lead Director since May, 2015. He is the Chair of the Board Governance Committee and a member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee.
 
Since 2010, Mr. Teske has served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Briggs & Stratton Corporation, a world leader in gasoline engines for outdoor power equipment, portable generators, and lawn and garden powered equipment and related accessories. Before becoming CEO of Briggs & Stratton in January 2010, he served as its President and Chief Operating Officer, President of its power products business ...
(Read More)

			Todd J. Teske, 52, has served as a director of our company since 2011 and as Lead Director since May, 2015. He is the Chair of the Board Governance Committee and a member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee.
 
Since 2010, Mr. Teske has served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Briggs & Stratton Corporation, a world leader in gasoline engines for outdoor power equipment, portable generators, and lawn and garden powered equipment and related accessories. Before becoming CEO of Briggs & Stratton in January 2010, he served as its President and Chief Operating Officer, President of its power products business, head of corporate development and Controller.
  Mr. Teske serves as the Chairman of the Board of Briggs & Stratton. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Badger Meter, Inc., a leading innovator, manufacturer and marketer of flow measurement and control products.

  As an active CEO and former corporate controller, Mr. Teske contributes extensive expertise in the areas of management, finance, accounting, manufacturing, and corporate governance in his service as a director.
		
Source: Lennox International Inc. on 09/09/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Todd J. Teske's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Todd J. Teske. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Todd J. Teske's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Todd J. Teske's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Todd J. Teske through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Todd J. Teske


















Todd J. Teske's Connections (84)





Sign up now to view Todd J. Teske's 84 connections »









Patricia L. Kampling
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Alliant Energy









Glen E. Tellock
Board Member, Astec Industries, Inc.









Thomas J. Fischer
Board Member, Badger Meter, Inc.









Gale E. Klappa
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and Former Chief Executive Officer, WEC Energy Group, Inc.









Daniel M. Sessa
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Lennox International Inc.









Gregory T. Swienton
Board Member, Harris Corporation









Todd M. Bluedorn
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Lennox International Inc.









Henrik C. Slipsager
Board Member, Briggs & Stratton Corporation









Stephen H. Rugg
Former Senior Vice President - Sales & Service, Briggs & Stratton Corporation









Michael D. Hamilton
Former Executive Vice President and President, Briggs & Stratton, Asia, Briggs & Stratton Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Todd Teske | Smart Manufacturing (SMS)






















































 













































 




Todd Teske
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Briggs & Stratton Corporation






TODD J. TESKE, Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer, Briggs & Stratton Corporation (Milwaukee, Wisconsin) October 20, 2010. Prior to this appointment, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer since January, 2010. Other positions include President & Chief Operating Officer from September 2008 to January 2010, and EVP and Chief Operating Officer from September 2005 to September 2008. He previously served as SVP & President of Briggs & Stratton Power Products, Vice President – Corporate Development, Corporate Controller and Assistant Controller.
 Prior to joining Briggs & Stratton, Todd worked at Arthur Andersen where he served various clients from small business to international conglomerates; lead and performed several merger investigations and was involved in many public equity and debt offerings.
Todd earned his BBA (Accounting) degree from the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh and his MBA degree from Northwestern University. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Wisconsin Institute of Certified Public Accountants.   Todd serves on the Board of Directors of Badger Meter, Inc., Junior Achievement of Wisconsin, Inc., Lennox International, Inc., The Management Association (MRA), Wisconsin Manufacturer’s & Commerce (WMC), Greater Milwaukee Committee (GMC), Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce (MMAC), Outdoor Power Equipment Institute (OPEI), Chairman of the Board of Trustees for The Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation (MAPI) and is on the Business Advisory Board for the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh College of Business and Chairman of MiKE (Innovation in Milwaukee).















 
 



























 






		     Todd J. Teske, Milwaukee Business Leader Panelist - Milwaukee Jewish Federation	


































































Login or Register
Donate
Calendar
Contact Us




 










 










Milwaukee Jewish Federation >> Economic Forum 2015 >> Todd J. Teske, Milwaukee Business Leader Panelist

Todd J. Teske, Milwaukee Business Leader Panelist
Todd J. Teske is the Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer of Briggs & Stratton Corporation. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Briggs & Stratton is the world’s largest producer of gasoline engines for outdoor power equipment. Its products are designed, manufactured, marketed and serviced in over 100 countries on six continents.
Teske serves on the Board of Directors for numerous community initiatives including Junior Achievement of Wisconsin, The Management Association (MRA), Greater Milwaukee Committee, Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce, and the Business Advisory Board for UW-Oshkosh College of Business. As a member of MiKE’s (Innovation in Milwaukee) leadership council since its fall, 2011 inception and as current Chairman, Teske sees MiKE it as a way to retain young talent in Milwaukee, vital to the city’s growth.
 
 
 
 












Todd J. Teske: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 10:50 PM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Briggs & Stratton Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Todd J. Teske  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Briggs & Stratton CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships52$5,927,943As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Todd J. Teske has been Chief Executive Officer and President at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since January 1, 2010 and September 1, 2008 respectively. Mr. Teske served as Chief Operating Officer at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since September 1, 2005 until January 1, 2010. He served as President of its power products business, head of corporate development and controller at Briggs & Stratton Corporation. He served as President - Briggs & Stratton Power Products ... Group LLC at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since September 2003 until August 2005. He served as Senior Vice President at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since September 2003. He served as Executive Vice President at Briggs & Stratton Corporation sionce September 1, 2005 until 2008. He served as Vice President - Corporate Development at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since March 2001. He has been Chairman at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since October 20, 2010. He has been Chairman of Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce since January 21, 2012. He has been Chairman at Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation, Inc. since July 1, 2014. He served as Vice Chairman at Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation, Inc. He served as Vice Chairman at Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce until January 21, 2012. He has been Lead Director of Lennox International Inc. since May 2015 and has been its Director since July 22, 2011. He has been Lead Outside Director at Badger Meter, Inc since April 28, 2017. He has been Director at Briggs & Stratton Corporation since August 2009. He has been Independent Director at Badger Meter, Inc. since November 2009. Mr. Teske is a certified public accountant who worked at a public accounting firm before joining the company. Mr. Teske's memberships on the Board and the Executive Committee of Briggs & Stratton help ensure the Board is linked to the company's management and operations. He received an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
12301 West Wirth StreetWauwatosa, Wisconsin 53222United StatesPhone: 414-259-5333Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanManufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation, Inc.Chairman of the BoardWisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce2009-PresentLead Outside DirectorBadger Meter, Inc.2009-PresentChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBriggs & Stratton Corporation2011-PresentLead DirectorLennox International Inc.
Education
MBA Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Badger Meter, Inc.Lennox International Inc.Northwestern UniversityManufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation, Inc.Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce


Annual Compensation
Salary$930,167Total Annual Compensation$930,167
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,607,920All Other Compensation$277,563Exercised Options$350,008Exercised Options Value$976,244Exercisable Options$163,128Exercisable Options Value$381,764Unexercisable Options$753,820Unexercisable Options Value$1,004,320Total Value of Options$2,362,327Total Number of Options$1,266,956
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,883,031Total Short Term Compensation$930,167Other Long Term Compensation$1,885,483Total Calculated Compensation$5,927,943




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Briggs & Stratton Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























LII Todd J. Teske Insider Trades for Lennox International Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Lennox International Inc.

                  NYSE: LII
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Lennox International Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 5:39 p.m.


LII

/quotes/zigman/210175/composite


$
182.30




Change

-0.11
-0.06%

Volume
Volume 2,440
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/210175/composite
Today's close

$
			182.57
		


$
				182.41
			
Change

-0.16
-0.09%





Day low
Day high
$181.47
$182.75










52 week low
52 week high

            $140.97
        

            $192.58
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Todd J. Teske



Mr. Todd J. Teske is Chairman at Mapi, Inc. and Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Briggs & Stratton Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at Lennox International, Inc. and Badger Meter, Inc. Mr. Teske was previously employed as President by Briggs & Stratton Power Products LLC. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Wisconsin and an MBA from Kellogg School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/17/2017
27


 
Award at $183.64 per share.


4,958


04/17/2017
29


 
Award at $167.3 per share.


4,851


01/17/2017
32


 
Award at $153.17 per share.


4,901


12/09/2016
739


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/17/2016
31


 
Award at $157.03 per share.


4,867


07/15/2016
35


 
Award at $142.6 per share.


4,991


04/15/2016
36


 
Award at $135.19 per share.


4,866


12/11/2015
811


 
Award at $131.94 per share.


107,003


10/15/2015
44


 
Award at $113.33 per share.


4,986


07/15/2015
46


 
Award at $107.69 per share.


4,953


04/15/2015
44


 
Award at $111.69 per share.


4,914


12/12/2014
1,139


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/10/2014
1,346


 
Disposition at $94.53 per share.


127,238


10/15/2014
65


 
Award at $76.87 per share.


4,996


07/15/2014
55


 
Award at $89.57 per share.


4,926


04/15/2014
54


 
Award at $90.91 per share.


4,909


01/15/2014
58


 
Award at $85.06 per share.


4,933


12/13/2013
1,301


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/15/2013
66


 
Award at $75.26 per share.


4,967


07/15/2013
77


 
Award at $64.54 per share.


4,969


04/15/2013
78


 
Award at $63.49 per share.


4,952


01/15/2013
95


 
Award at $52.52 per share.


4,989


12/07/2012
2,061


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/15/2012
103


 
Award at $48.36 per share.


4,981





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Todd M. Bluedorn 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Terry L. Johnston 
Co-President, Co-Chief Operating Officer & EVP




Mr. Douglas L. Young 
Co-President, Co-Chief Operating Officer & EVP




Mr. David W. Moon 
Co-President, Co-COO-Refrigeration & Executive VP




Mr. Joseph William Reitmeier 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Prakash  Bedapudi 
Chief Technology Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Peter  Jackson 
Vice President & CFO-Refrigeration Segment




Mr. Robert J. McDonough 
Executive Vice President




Mr. Chris  Kosel 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Steve L. Harrison 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Phil  Gee 
Director-Communications & Public Affairs




Mr. Daniel M. Sessa 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Mr. John D. Torres 
Secretary, Chief Legal Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Max Homer Mitchell 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul W. Schmidt 
Independent Director




Ms. Kim K. W. Rucker 
Independent Director




Ms. Karen H. Quintos 
Independent Director




Mr. Todd J. Teske 
Independent Director




Mr. Gregory T. Swienton 
Independent Director




Mr. John W. Norris 
Independent Director




Mr. John E. Major 
Independent Director




Ms. Janet Katherine Cooper 
Independent Director
















Log In




10:50 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Todd J Teske - Pewaukee, WI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Todd J Teske in Pewaukee, WI


Todd J Teske

                                                                           Intelius found that Todd J Teske  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Pewaukee, WI.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Todd Joseph Teske


Get Report Now

Age

Todd J Teske is in his 50s

Todd Has Lived In

Pewaukee, WI
Milwaukee, WI
New Berlin, WI

Todd's Relatives

Kimberly Teske
Taylor Teske
Tammy Teske







Todd J Teske



Zodiac SignAquarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Operating Officer at Briggs & Stratton Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Todd? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Todd, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Todd J Teske
Get a Criminal Check on Todd J Teske
Get a Public Record Report on Todd J Teske
Get a People Search Report on Todd J Teske


Todd J Teske's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Todd J Teske has lived as well as Todd J Teske's phone numbers and email addresses.




Todd J Teske Has Lived in 1 States
Wisconsin Address for Todd J Teske


33-W29292 M******** R* 

Pewaukee, WI


Has Lived In

Pewaukee, WI
Milwaukee, WI


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Todd J Teske

(414) ***-**** - Milwaukee, WI 
(414) ***-**** - Milwaukee, WI 
(920) ***-**** - Jefferson, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Todd J Teske

t********e@***.com
t********e@***.com
t****e@***.com


Get Email Report




Todd J Teske's Professional Information
Information regarding Todd J Teske's professional history.  Find out previous places Todd J Teske has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Todd J Teske Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Briggs & Stratton Corporation
               Title: Chief Operating Officer
Company: Briggs & Stratton Corporation
               Title: Executive Vice President
Todd J Teske's Experience
Title: Chief Operating Officer
               Company: Briggs & Stratton Corporation
Job Details
               Briggs & Stratton Corporation, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, is the world's largest producer of gasoline engines for outdoor power equipment. Its wholly owned subsidiaries include North America's number one marketer of pressure washers, and it is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of power generation, lawn and garden, turf care and job site products through its Briggs & Stratton, Simplicity, Snapper, Snapper Pro, Ferris, PowerBoss, Allmand, Billy Goat, Murray, Branco and Victa brands. Briggs & Stratton products are designed, manufactured, marketed and serviced in over 100 countries on six continents.
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Briggs & Stratton Corporation
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Todd J Teske

 See Todd J Teske's LinkedIn Profile



Todd J Teske's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Todd J Teske


Todd J Teske's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Todd J Teske's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Todd Teske
Username Matches

                  ToddTeske
                  TeskeTodd
                  Todd.Teske
                  Teske.Todd
                  Todd_Teske
                  Teske_Todd
                  Todd-Teske
                  Teske-Todd
                  TTeske
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Teske







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Briggs & Stratton (BGG) Todd J. Teske on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Briggs & Stratton (BGG) Todd J. Teske on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptOct.30.15 | About: Briggs & (BGG) Briggs & Stratton Corp. (NYSE:BGG)
Q1 2016 Earnings Call
October 30, 2015 10:00 am ET
Executives
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Fiscal 2016 Quarterly Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Mark Schwertfeger. Sir, you may begin.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Good morning and welcome to the Briggs & Stratton fiscal 2016 first quarter earnings conference call. I'm Mark Schwertfeger, Chief Financial Officer. And joining me today is Todd Teske, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Today's presentation and our answers to your questions include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current assessment of the markets we operate in. Actual results could differ materially from any stated or implied projections due to changes in one or more of the factors described in the Safe Harbor section of yesterday's earnings release, as well as our filings with the SEC. We will also make reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these financial measures, including reconciliations to comparable U.S. GAAP amounts, is available in our earnings release and in our SEC filings.
This conference call will be made available on our website or via phone replay approximately two hours after the end of this call.
Now, here's Todd.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. As you saw in our earnings release, first quarter consolidated net sales were $290 million, a decrease of $3 million, or approximately 1% from the same quarter last year. As we had expected, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar had a significant impact on our year-over-year sales in the first quarter. Net of offseting price increases, the weakening of foreign currencies negatively impacted net sales by approximately $11 million in the first quarter.
Excluding currency impacts, net sales increased by $8 million, or 2.6%. This increase was driven by acquisitions we completed last year, as well as a solid late season demand in our major lawn and garden markets, particularly in the U.S. The improved late season helped drive increased sales of small walk mower engines to OEMs, as well as high-end residential and commercial lawn and garden equipment through our North America dealer channel, somewhat offsetting the increase were lower sales in certain international markets.
The consolidated adjusted net loss for the first quarter was $15.2 million, an increase from the adjusted net loss of $9.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. The adjusted net loss excludes restructuring charges and certain other charges as described in yesterday evening's earnings release.
The adjusted diluted loss per share for the quarter was $0.35, higher than last year's adjusted diluted loss per share of $0.21 but beating our expectations. The higher adjusted net loss for the quarter reflects several factors we discussed during our last quarterly conference call. First, production volumes were lower in our Engines and Products businesses. Last year, we had accelerated manufacturing into the first quarter in order to build inventory to facilitate the closure of the McDonough plant and to launch of our new EXi engine.

Second, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable impact on adjusted net income of approximately $1.2 million. Third, our pension plan expense increased by approximately $1 million related to the implementation of new mortality tables.
Despite these anticipated headwinds in the first quarter, we are very encouraged by the sustained, improved profitability of our Products business. While we are not yet satisfied with the results, the business continues to head in the right direction. A large driver of the profitability improvement was the incremental restructuring savings as a result of closing the McDonough plant. A lot of hard work has gone into transitioning production to our Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, and Munnsville, New York, plants.
In September, we began riding mower production in Wauwatosa, which was the final product line to be transitioned. While there is more work to be done to complete the project, we are very pleased with the early results. I would like to thank all of our employees who made this possible through their great efforts.
In conjunction with right-sizing the footprint and related cost structure of the Products business, we have been focusing on selling higher-margin products. The addition of Billy Goat's specialty turf care products, which are geared toward the professional landscape rental (4:55) markets, played a part in improving our Products segment margins in the first quarter.
Similar to our Ferris commercial cutting equipment, sales of Billy Goat equipment benefited from the strong late season. The integration of Billy Goat is proceeding very well. The innovation that the Billy Goat team launched this fall is outstanding. We have even more in the pipeline which fits very well with the innovation culture of our company. I would like to thank our team for the hard work that is allowing Billy Goat to become a key part of Briggs & Stratton.
It was a year ago in the first quarter that we entered the job site products category with our acquisition of Allmand Brothers. At the time, a large portion of Allmand's business sold into the domestic oil and gas industry. With the significant decline in oil prices over the past year to below $50 per barrel, capital spending of domestic oil and gas companies has reduced considerably.
While this headwind has had the near-term impact of reducing Allmand's sales and profitability, we continue to be impressed by the strength of the Allmand brand and the long-term opportunity presented by the jobsite category. We have been working diligently this past year to further diversify Allmand's sales into domestic construction and infrastructure markets as well as in the many of the international markets which Briggs & Stratt has served for many years.
In addition, this past quarter, we added a new portable heater product line to our Allmand branded portfolio through a small asset acquisition. This new product line offers a flameless heating solution to improve safety in the job site and helps expand our Allmand product offering.
Now I'll turn it back over to Mark to walk through our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2016.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Thanks, Todd. As Todd noted, our first quarter consolidated net sales were $200 million (sic) [$289 million] (6:46), a decrease of approximately $3 million or 1% from consolidated net sales in the first quarter of last year. First quarter consolidated net loss on a GAAP basis of $18.2 million, a decrease of $3 million from a GAAP net loss of $15.3 million one year ago.
As a reminder, we typically report a net loss on our first fiscal quarter due to the seasonal nature of our Engines business and the related lawn and garden portion of our Products business. In the first quarter, we incurred restructuring charges of $2 million pre-tax related to executing the restructuring actions we announced last year with respect to narrowing our lower margin Snapper product lineup and closing our McDonough, Georgia facility within our Products segment. In addition, we incurred approximately $300,000 of purchase accounting charges in the first quarter of 2016 related to the acquisition of Billy Goat this past May.

We also incurred approximately $1.4 million of restructuring charges on our Engines segment. These charges were related to our reduction in force at our plant in Chongqing, China to offset lower production of engines used in snow throwers, and certain changes to certain salary positions in the U.S.
The Engines segment also incurred an $850,000 litigation settlement charge in the first quarter. Excluding these restructuring, purchase accounting, and litigation expenses, the adjusted net loss for the first quarter was $15.2 million, or $0.35, an increase from the adjusted net loss of $9.3 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, in the first quarter of fiscal 2015.
Engines segment sales for the first quarter were $150 million, a decrease of $3 million, or 2%, compared to the prior year. Unfavorable foreign currency, net of offsetting price increases, negatively impacted sales by approximately $5 million largely due to the weakening of the euro. Total engine unit shipments were higher than last year by approximately 6%. This was largely due to higher shipments of small engines used on walk mowers due to the improved lawn and garden markets in North America and Europe this past season.
Partially offsetting the increase were reduced shipments of engines we used in snow throwers due to adequate channel inventories in Europe, as well as lower placement in North America. Sales of engines used in our pressure washers were also lower, as last year at this time we were building pressure washer inventory in order to facilitate the closure of the McDonough plant.
Following the solid late season sales, we believe that channel inventories of lawn and garden equipment are at a normal level heading into the fall and winter seasons.
For the first quarter, the Engines adjusted segment loss was $18.6 million, a decrease of $4.9 million from the adjusted Engines segment loss last year of $13.7 million. The Engines segment adjusted gross profit rate was 16.2%, a 200-basis-point decrease from 18.2% in the prior year. The gross profit rate decreased by 250 basis points due to unfavorable foreign currencies, particularly the weakening of the euro. Units produced in the quarter decreased by 7% to approximately 1.6 million units.
As Todd mentioned, last year we increased first quarter engine production to have adequate inventories in advance of changing over to our new EXi small engine platform and to support the closure of the McDonough plant. Total engine inventories at the end of the quarter were approximately 1.7 million units, which is a decrease of approximately 360,000 units compared to the end of the first quarter of 2015. We continue to anticipate that fiscal 2016 year-end inventory will be slightly lower than fiscal 2015 year-end inventories. Partially offsetting the reduced gross margin rate was the benefit of improved plan efficiencies and slightly lower material costs.
Engines segment ESG&A had a modest increase in the first quarter of 2016 due to higher pension costs, offset by the benefit of weaker foreign currency rates.
In the Products segment, sales for the first quarter were $163 million, a decrease of approximately $4 million, or 2% from the prior year. Unfavorable foreign currency, net of offsetting price increases, negatively impacted net sales by approximately $6 million, primarily related to the weakening of the Australian dollar and Brazilian real.
Excluding currencies, Products net sales increased by $2 million or a little over 1%. This increase was primarily driven by higher sales of lawn and garden equipment to our North America dealer channel and the result of acquisitions we completed in fiscal 2015, particularly Billy Goat, which we acquired in the fourth quarter of last year.
We owned Allmand for roughly 30 days of the first quarter last year during a time period when the oil and gas sector was more robust.

Partially offsetting the increase in net sales were lower shipments of snow throwers into Europe, following two seasons of below-average snowfall, as well as lower sales overall in Latin America due to economic instability in the region.
Sales were also lower due to reduced sales of generator as the market continues to decline given no major power outages in the U.S. over the last few years. Our planned actions to narrow the assortment of lower-priced Snapper consumer lawn and garden equipment also resulted in lower sales.
Inventory of lawn and garden equipment in the dealer channel is consistent with last year. We have seen dealers in North America stocking up for the snow season after their inventories were largely sold through during last winter here in the U.S. In Europe, we believe the channel inventories of snow throwers are adequate given relatively little snowfall in Europe the last two seasons.
Excluding pre-tax restructuring charges of $2 million and Billy Goat purchase accounting charges, approximately $300,000, the Products segment had adjusted segment income of $2.4 million in the quarter, an increase of $1.5 million from the first quarter last year.
Products segment's adjusted gross profit margin of 18.1% increased by 160 basis points from the prior year. The improvement in gross profit was related to incremental restructuring cost savings and improved manufacturing efficiency, which contributed 180 basis points.
Favorable sales mix also drove higher gross profit margins as we continue to on focus selling higher-margin products through the dealer channel and the addition of Billy Goat. Partially offsetting the improved gross margins was a 90-basis-point headwind due to lower production levels. In the prior year, we had accelerated production in the first quarter to facilitate moving production from the McDonough plant to Wauwatosa.
Products segment ESG&A expenses increased slightly in the first quarter of 2016 due to the ESG&A associated with the Allmand and Billy Goat acquisitions, partially offset by the benefit of the dollar-foreign currency rates, mainly in Australia and Brazil.
Turning to the balance sheet, net debt at the end of the first fiscal quarter was approximately $209 million, an increase of approximately $46 million from the first quarter of fiscal 2015. The majority of the increase was due to cash used to purchase Billy Goat in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 as well as slightly higher additions to plant and equipment.
The end of the quarter, we had $38 million drawn on our $500 million revolving credit facility. Cash used in operating activities for the quarter was $83 million, primarily related to seasonal build of inventory levels and reduction of accounts receivable in the quarter.
Last 12-month cash provided by operating activities was $114 million and last 12-month free cash flow was approximately $38 million. Depreciation for the quarter of $12 million was consistent with capital expenditures for the quarter.
Last 12-month average leverage and last 12-month EBITDA as defined by our credit agreement in place at the end of the quarter were $271 million and $146 million, respectively, resulting in a leverage ratio of 1.86 times, which is well within our covenants.
That concludes what we wanted to say about the first quarter financial results, so I'll turn it back to Todd for his concluding remarks.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Well, our first quarter results were better than our expectations. As we said earlier, our first quarter is typically our lowest in terms of sales and profitability due to the seasonal nature of our business. Normal levels of lawn and garden channel inventory this time of year are encouraging for the upcoming season. However, we are increasingly cautious about the global economy and its potential impact of further weakening foreign currencies and continued weakness in the oil and gas market.

For these reasons, we are reaffirming our fiscal year 2016 projections for net income to be in the range of $54 million to $61 million or $1.20 to $1.36 per diluted share prior to the impact of any share repurchase activity and costs related to our announced restructuring programs. Our fiscal 2016 forecast contemplates the U.S. and European lawn and garden markets being higher by 1% to 3%, assuming a normal start to the selling season.
As a reminder, our second quarter sales tend to be slightly more weighted toward international regions and, therefore, we are more exposed to currency headwinds in this quarter. Discussions with our customers regarding product lineups for the 2016 spring and summer selling season are wrapping up in the coming weeks, and we will be in a position to provide an update on placement for next season during our fiscal 2016 second quarter conference call in January.
Consolidated operating margins are forecasted to be in the range of 4.8% to 5.2%. Interest expense, which is projected to be approximately $21 million, is increased from fiscal 2015 due to expected higher seasonal borrowing levels in fiscal 2016.
That concludes our prepared comments. And now, I would like to open the call up for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
And our first question comes from Tim Wojs from Baird. Your line is now open.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Good morning.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Good morning.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
I guess just to start, Todd, could you talk a little bit just about how the quarter progressed according to the plan and what you thought heading into the quarter? And then just some of the late shipments in Engines that you saw, I mean, would you characterize that as maybe gaining a little bit of share or was that just kind of typical reorder just because of inventory? And then how do you, guys, just on the inventory piece, how – would you consider – we've been in a pretty abnormal environment the last four years or five years, so I'm just curious how you define normal right now.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
So, let me start with kind of how the quarter progressed and try to go through the different aspects of your question. If I miss anything, let me know.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Yes. I put like three of them in there.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
That's okay. Yes. The quarter progressed – as you kind of look through the quarter, it was a little bit slow early on in July and August and that – especially here in the U.S. and in Europe because the weather was a bit dryer and so we started to see a bit of a slowdown, if you will, in shipments, July-August. Once we got in September, we started to see improved weather here in the U.S. across the country, as well as over in Europe. And we did see then an uptick with regards to lawn mowers and commercial mowers especially. It continued very strong than in – through the month of September.
So, when you kind of – when you look at that, that was a little bit better than net-net to where we thought it was going to be. We knew that there were going to be some headwinds as it related to the currencies and the pension and the other things that we had talked about. So, all in all, the way the quarter ended up, it was better than what we had anticipated.
Now, when you go to the inventory levels – so in terms of a share pickup or anything like that, I would tell you that it was – our share was our share throughout the season. And because the market seemed to pick up here a little bit later on, that's where we started to see a few more sales into the OEMs. I would not characterize that as share gain. I would characterize that as they continue to produce to supply then as needed to the retailers.

With regards to what's normal anymore in inventories, you're right. We have been through about four abnormal years simply because we had the drought going all the way back to 2012 and that has a couple of year impact.
I would tell you as we look at inventories historically, we think that they're pretty normal. And when we say historical, we go well beyond the last four years. And so when you look at inventories where they would have been, coming out of a drought year, for example, coming out of the year after the drought, for example, they're lower. We believe they're lower.
We don't have full visibility throughout the channel, but based on what we know, we believe that they are lower than they would have been the last few years and approaching levels as to where they would have been, say, six years, seven years, eight years ago on a little longer term view.
So, I would tell you that I think sequentially, if you think about the year-over-year, certainly, I think, inventories are in a – we believe inventories are in a better position now than they would have been any time over the last, say, three years.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. That's helpful. And has October been kind of a little bit better, a little bit in line with expectations? Just curious how that's gone.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Yes. Things really start to slow down in October and so it's one of those things where I wouldn't tell you that it seems to be pretty normal.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Okay. And, Mark, just two financial questions, I guess. One, is it possible that Engines' margins could be flat to up this year? I'm just curious how you think about the margins in that segment. And then is it possible to tell us what the contribution from acquisitions was during the quarter?
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Well, in the Engines margin front, what we work on in improving margins is, number one, the new products we've come out with and attempting to achieve higher margin rates than the products that we replaced. And we also work on efficiency gains in our plants. And we always enter the year with a sizable amount of cost reduction take-out we want to have. And so, those are the upsides.
The challenge that we have as we came into the year mainly has to do with the foreign exchange rates which are a significant impact particularly as you look at the year-over-year and its impact on our Engine. So, you got to think about those things net together as you think about the overall profitability change in the Engine business year-over-year.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Okay. And then the acquisitions?
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yes. From an acquisitions, we haven't broken that out specifically. However, historically, what we've commented on is that Allmand has essentially $60 million in net sales and Billy Goat has approximately $30 million in net sales.
And so, if you break that out, doing the math, that should get you in the neighborhood of what the impact is, with a little bit of color that we've added here that we got some caution on the Allmand business given its historic heavier weight to the oil and gas sector. And it's really important, from a strategic perspective, that we help diversify the revenue stream of that business into the construction and infrastructure markets, as well as international. To the extent – the speed of which we can diversify that will depend on whether we can maintain that approximate historical sales volume level as clearly oil and gas at $45 a barrel presents quite a headwind.
Tim R. Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)

Okay. Good. I'll jump back in the queue. Thanks, guys.
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Thank you.
Operator
Thank you. Our next question comes from Sam Darkatsh from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Good morning, Todd, Mark. How are you?
Todd J. Teske - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Doing well, Sam. How are you?
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
I'm doing fine. Thank you. Just a couple of housekeeping questions. And this one might end up being just a nuance, I'm not sure. In my notes, I think, Dave last quarter mentioned expectations of operating margin for the year being up 10 basis points or 20 basis points and the guidance today is 4.8% to 5.2%, which – have you changed the lower end of that operating margin based on the prior expectations or was I reading too much into Dave's comment last quarter?
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
No. We haven't changed anything. Dave's comments were more in context to the midpoint of our range. There was a lot of our discussion around how we laid forth the outlook for next year. But the 4.8% to 5.2% range is very much in line with the net income and EPS guidance that we gave back in August.
Now, the additional factors of caution that we added this quarter was the continued impact of foreign exchange and some of the difficulties in the global markets, particularly Latin America. And we're keeping a close eye to see how those markets progress as we go throughout the year. And then as I just mentioned, oil and gas is clearly a challenge in our Allmand business that we need to work against.
The other thing we added into the information was more information on interest expense, which is going to be a little bit higher year-over-year because of the acquisition levels we did last year as well as a little bit higher capital spend. And we're also projecting a little bit lower other income from our joint ventures as that just tends to vary year to year.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
That's very helpful. Thank you, Mark. The second question, I think you might have mentioned in your prepared remarks the inventory in units at the end of the quarter was – I think it was well, it was down about 400,000 units, if my math holds.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
300,000 units.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
300,000 units. Okay. Are you expecting that gap year-on-year to narrow by the time we get to the end of the fiscal year or remain around 300,000 units? Just trying to get a sense of production versus shipment plans between now and the end of the fiscal year.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Yes. What we said was we intend to take out working capital of up to $20 million of the total company year-on-year as we come to the end of the fiscal year. The other thing to keep in mind is we came into the year quite a bit lower inventory-wise. And then the impact in first quarter, impacting inventory, last year we were a little bit high as we are wrapping up launch the EXi engine as well as the transition. So, indeed, I think you're on the right track that last year inventory was a little bit high. But I wouldn't tell you that it's a one-for-one as to how it will track through the rest of the year.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
I was just trying to get a sense. Since you came in better than plan in the first quarter, whether that also adjusted your thinking around year-end inventories or production levels.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Not at this time.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.

Okay. And then last question before I'll defer to others, can you quantify the impact on engine sales from the snow? I think you were planning on $10 million to $15 million or so. Do you have a sense of what that impact was in the quarter?
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
No. I don't have that real handy. The snow tends to be a smaller part of our overall business, though, is the context I would provide to that.
Sam J. Darkatsh - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Yes. Got it. Thank you, gentlemen. I appreciate it.
Operator
Thank you. Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions from our phone lines.
Mark A. Schwertfeger - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Thank you for joining today's conference call. Our next quarterly earnings conference call will be in January. Have a great day.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Industrial Goods, Diversified Machinery, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All BGG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #7fbd27c0-6e88-11e7-909a-151dd1d34a84
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #7fe6a8c0-6e88-11e7-b929-63a12bad9cc0
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          










   Todd Teske | Briggs & Stratton Corporation | ZoomInfo.com 








Todd J. Teske






















Topics








Follow Us 








 























Home / Keywords / Todd J. Teske
Items Tagged with 'Todd J. Teske'RSS


ARTICLES



Briggs & Stratton Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results


      April 25, 2017
    
| Posted in Manufacturer News

      Source: PR Newswire


Company expects that the U.S. residential lawn and garden market will improve by 1-4% over the course of the season.Read More










Top Articles


Measuring Up: Dealers Share Performance Data


Dealership Owner Charged in $43 Million Investment Scheme


The Oggun Model: A Tractor Company Without Dealers


Excel Industries Reducing Production Workforce by 270 Employees


OPEI Mourns Loss of Leader and Friend





Current Issue





Rural Lifestyle Dealer
Building Value in Land. Rural Lifestyler Joe Kapitany




Is It Time to Update Your Website?




Williams Tractor: Maximizing the Impact of Seasonal Employees




KanEquip: Building for the Long Term


View More


Must Read Free Ebooks
Download these helpful knowledge building tools

How to Sell Volume 2
Dealer Marketing Strategies Volume 2
Managing for Success Volume 2
Best Practices of Elite Dealerships Volume 3

View More

Videos






Thurston Manufacturing Unveils Its Ground Effects Product Line
Are your contract customers looking to ditch their shovels and eliminate back breaking labor? Thurston Manufacturing now offers a way to rapidly finish off sidewalks and curbs for seeding or sodding with its new sidewalk and curb edger skid steer attachment.


View More


Events
2017 Dealership Minds Summit
Date: 08/01/17
Location: La Vista, NE
Discover true dealer-to-dealer strategies for remarketing used equipment during this one-of-a-kind 2-day FOR DEALERS ONLY conference and networking event being held Aug. 1-2, 2017, in Omaha, NE.
View Event
More Events




Top Directory Listings










Bush Hog LLC

Since the invention of the world’s most successful rotary cutter in 1950, the Bush Hog name has become synonymous with clearing land and rugged, unrivaled performance. Today, Bush Hog manufactures a wide range of products for a variety of uses, each with one thing in common: they are designed and built to perform dependably in rugged conditions for long periods of time.






Stihl Inc


	Virginia Beach-based STIHL Inc., produces a full line of high-quality, handheld outdoor power equipment including blowers, trimmers, brushcutters, and multi-task tools, as well as the number one selling brand of chainsaws worldwide. STIHL Inc. manufactures over 260 model variations of handheld outdoor power equipment for sale in the U.S. and around the world.







Alamo Group Inc-Rhino


	Rhino® is a leader in the agricultural equipment industry with emphasis on tractor mounted rotary cutters and flail grass mowers, front end tractor loaders, backhoes, and hay mowers; rear blades, post hole diggers, finishing mowers, rotary tillers, boom cutters, and landscape rakes. 


View More













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














todd j teske - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Todd Teske Revealed - Want Info on Todd Teske?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Todd Teske? Just Search A Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best People Search




Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth





We Found Todd Teske | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Todd Teske



1) Todd Teske's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





We Found J Teske | secure.beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) J Teske's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media
















Edmund Teske




taken for granted now that computers have created ways to cut and paste images seamlessly." Teske was given a posthumous retrospective at the J. Paul Getty Museum in 2004. References

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Todd_J._Teske


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Briggs & Stratton - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Briggs_and_Stratton


Todd J. Teske David J. Rodgers Thomas R. Savage (Sr. VP ... Briggs & Stratton is a Fortune 1000 manufacturer of gasoline engines with headquarters in Wauwatosa ...


Todd's paresis - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Todd's_palsy


The classic presentation of Todd's paresis is a transient weakness of a hand, arm, or leg after focal seizure activity within that limb. The weakness may range in ...


United States Senate elections, 2012 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/United_States_Senate_elections,_2012?s_chn=4&s_pt=...


Representative Todd Akin won the Republican ... won the June 5 Republican primary by 76.2% beating Dennis Teske, ... ^ "Larry J. Sabato's Crystal Ball ...


Wisconsin state elections, 2008 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Wisconsin_state_elections,_2008


Wisconsin state elections, 2008. ... Darryl Teske : Todd R. Allbaugh Ed Brooks ... Alexander J. Tiahnybok: John Steinbrink 66%* AD-66:


Juri Koll - The Huffington Post

www.huffingtonpost.com/news/Juri+Koll


The Los Angeles art scene is booming! As an arts writer, each weekend I attempt to see as many exhibitions as possible


1945 Birthday Honours - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/1945_Birthday_Honours


1945 Birthday Honours. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1945_Birthday_Honours ... Hugh Todd-Naylor Gaitskell, Temporary Principal Assistant Secretary, ...


Green Lakes State Park - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Green_Lakes_State_Park


Green Lakes State Park has an 18-hole public golf ... side of the park from the estate of the Teske ... by Todd W. Rayne, David G. Bailey, and Barbara J ...










Todd Teske Revealed - Want Info on Todd Teske?



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Want Info on Todd Teske? Just Search A Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best People Search




Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth





We Found Todd Teske | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Todd Teske



1) Todd Teske's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





We Found J Teske | secure.beenverified.com



Ad
 ·
secure.beenverified.com



1) J Teske's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Best Background Check



Search By Name



Social Media




Searches related totodd j teske



todd teske briggs & stratton


uwec todd teske


todd teske salary



todd teske linkedin


todd bluedorn salary


mr teske






Related Searches



todd teske briggs & stratton


uwec todd teske


todd teske salary


todd teske linkedin


todd bluedorn salary


mr teske




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          













Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















