
























Texan Capital Management Maintains Stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Stake Increased by Trust Co. of Oklahoma
Texan Capital Management Maintains Stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR)
XPO Logistics, Inc. (NYSE:XPO) Position Boosted by Clearbridge Investments LLC
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Buys 166,373 Shares of Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR)
Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Has $870,000 Stake in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (NYSE:BIP)
Southwestern Energy Company (NYSE:SWN) Receives “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets
STHREE (NASDAQ:STREF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy
Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Increases Position in Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB)
NxStage Medical, Inc. (NASDAQ:NXTM) Now Covered by Craig Hallum
Flowserve Corporation (NYSE:FLS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets
$326.25 Million in Sales Expected for Bristow Group Inc (BRS) This Quarter
Comparing Ferroglobe PLC (GSM) & RTI International Metals (NYSE:RTI)
Vetr Inc. Upgrades The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TRV) to Buy
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Sells 178,509 Shares of Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. (MAA)
Antero Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:AM) Stake Reduced by Clearbridge Investments LLC
Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Cuts Stake in Torchmark Corporation (NYSE:TMK)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Buys 516,113 Shares of American Campus Communities Inc (ACC)
Nuveen Asset Management LLC Decreases Position in Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (NASDAQ:GLPI)
FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Receives Outperform Rating from William Blair
United Continental Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:UAL) Rating Reiterated by Bank of America Corporation


 


Texan Capital Management Maintains Stake in Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Texan Capital Management maintained its position in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 17,438 shares of the bank’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Texan Capital Management’s holdings in Cullen/Frost Bankers were worth $1,638,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 524,539 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $46,277,000 after buying an additional 15,135 shares during the last quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC bought a new position in Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter worth about $1,447,000. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al acquired a new position in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers during the fourth quarter valued at about $344,000. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers by 111.8% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 25,477 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $2,247,000 after buying an additional 13,447 shares during the period. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers by 27.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,255 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $278,000 after buying an additional 707 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 81.19% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. alerts:



Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE CFR) traded down 0.24% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $95.01. 286,140 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $6.08 billion, a PE ratio of 19.34 and a beta of 1.33. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $94.81 and its 200 day moving average price is $91.53. Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. has a 1-year low of $65.07 and a 1-year high of $99.20. 




Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The bank reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.22 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $292.21 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $319.56 million. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 27.98% and a return on equity of 10.84%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.07 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. will post $5.31 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/texan-capital-management-has-1638000-position-in-cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-updated.html. 
CFR has been the subject of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and issued a $99.00 price objective (up from $93.00) on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Morgan Stanley upped their price objective on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $89.00 to $90.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, Wedbush raised shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $92.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 19th. Twelve analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $94.30.
In other Cullen/Frost Bankers news, Director Graham M. Weston purchased 22,081 shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $90.56 per share, with a total value of $1,999,655.36. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 5.15% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. 
Cullen/Frost Bankers Company Profile
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

























Texan Capital Management Increases Position in Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (FET) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Forum Energy Technologies Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Forum Energy Technologies Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Pacific Gas & Electric Co. (PCG) Position Maintained by Gemmer Asset Management LLC
Head-To-Head Contrast: Lumenis (LMNS) & The Spectranetics Corporation (SPNC)
Texan Capital Management Boosts Stake in Antero Resources Corporation (AR)
Liberty Capital Management Inc. Boosts Position in Packaging Corporation of America (PKG)
Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Shares Sold by Buffington Mohr McNeal
Texan Capital Management Increases Position in Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (FET)
The Blackstone Group L.P. (NYSE:BX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Morgan Stanley
Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. (NYSE:ETH) Receives $33.25 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
Zacks Investment Research Lowers Hornbeck Offshore Services (NYSE:HOS) to Sell
Green Plains Partners LP (NASDAQ:GPP) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:JUNO) Lifted to Hold at Vetr Inc.
HudBay Minerals Inc (NYSE:HBM) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research
NEXT plc (LON:NXT) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC
Exact Sciences Corporation (NASDAQ:EXAS) Stock Rating Upgraded by BidaskClub
Sempra Energy (SRE) Position Reduced by Fiduciary Trust Co.
Prologis, Inc. (PLD) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY
Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Stake Lowered by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY
Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (NYSE:HST) Stake Lowered by Westwood Holdings Group Inc.
Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Position Maintained by Glenmede Trust Co. NA
Barings LLC Has $5,516,000 Position in CDK Global Inc (NASDAQ:CDK)


 


Texan Capital Management Increases Position in Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (FET)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Texan Capital Management increased its position in Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FET) by 8.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 16,900 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. Texan Capital Management’s holdings in Forum Energy Technologies were worth $264,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. raised its position in shares of Forum Energy Technologies by 28.1% in the second quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 30,325 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $473,000 after buying an additional 6,655 shares during the last quarter. Cutler Group LP increased its stake in Forum Energy Technologies by 22.8% in the second quarter. Cutler Group LP now owns 7,000 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares during the period. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. increased its stake in Forum Energy Technologies by 1,150.8% in the second quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 7,505 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 6,905 shares during the period. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Forum Energy Technologies by 16.8% in the first quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. now owns 110,089 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $2,279,000 after buying an additional 15,846 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TPH Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Forum Energy Technologies by 22.5% in the first quarter. TPH Asset Management LLC now owns 1,058,289 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $21,907,000 after buying an additional 194,732 shares during the last quarter. 




Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FET) traded down 4.53% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $14.75. 897,987 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s market capitalization is $1.41 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $15.86 and its 200 day moving average is $18.96. Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. has a one year low of $14.05 and a one year high of $26.25. 


 Get Forum Energy Technologies Inc. alerts:



Forum Energy Technologies (NYSE:FET) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas company reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.16) by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $171.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $164.38 million. Forum Energy Technologies had a negative return on equity of 5.16% and a negative net margin of 12.50%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.22) EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. will post ($0.30) earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Texan Capital Management Increases Position in Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (FET)” was reported by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/forum-energy-technologies-inc-fet-position-raised-by-texan-capital-management-updated.html. 
FET has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Forum Energy Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. TheStreet downgraded shares of Forum Energy Technologies from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. Wolfe Research downgraded shares of Forum Energy Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $24.00 to $21.00 in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and set a $25.00 target price (down previously from $26.00) on shares of Forum Energy Technologies in a report on Tuesday, May 30th. Finally, Morgan Stanley restated an “equal weight” rating and set a $19.00 target price (down previously from $25.00) on shares of Forum Energy Technologies in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $20.76.
About Forum Energy Technologies
Forum Energy Technologies, Inc is an oilfield products company. The Company designs, manufactures and distributes products, and engages in aftermarket services, parts supply and related services. The Company operates through three segments: Drilling & Subsea, Completions, and Production & Infrastructure. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Forum Energy Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Forum Energy Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿






























Texan Capital Management Has $365,000 Position in Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Continental Resources Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Continental Resources Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Meeder Asset Management Inc. Has $2.78 Million Stake in Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII)
Meeder Asset Management Inc. Invests $4.68 Million in Annaly Capital Management Inc (NYSE:NLY)
Texan Capital Management Has $365,000 Position in Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR)
Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (NYSE:DO) Shares Bought by Lazard Asset Management LLC
Cleararc Capital Inc. Acquires 53 Shares of V.F. Corporation (NYSE:VFC)
233,700 Shares in Two Harbors Investments Corp (NYSE:TWO) Acquired by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Lazard Asset Management LLC Has $158,000 Position in Gap, Inc. (The) (NYSE:GPS)
Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) Shares Bought by UBS Group AG
Cosan Limited (NYSE:CZZ) Position Decreased by Lazard Asset Management LLC
UBS Group AG Boosts Position in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (NYSE:LYV)
Umpqua Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:UMPQ) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Shire PLC (SHP) Rating Reiterated by Societe Generale
$1.62 EPS Expected for SL Green Realty Corporation (NYSE:SLG) This Quarter
Xenith Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:XBKS) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub
Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc (NYSE:DKS) Shares Sold by Trust Co. of Oklahoma
Capstone Asset Management Co. Lowers Stake in Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM)
15,500 Shares in First Data Corporation (NYSE:FDC) Acquired by Caisse DE Depot ET Placement DU Quebec
NTT DOCOMO, Inc (NYSE:DCM) Shares Bought by UBS Group AG
Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE:LUK) Shares Sold by UBS Group AG
Biogen Inc. (NASDAQ:BIIB) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG







Texan Capital Management Has $365,000 Position in Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR)


					Posted by Joanna Charbonneau on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments




Texan Capital Management continued to hold its stake in  Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 11,300 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Texan Capital Management’s holdings in Continental Resources were worth $365,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of CLR. US Bancorp DE boosted its stake in  Continental Resources by 65.2% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 52,162 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $2,370,000 after buying an additional 20,588 shares during the last quarter.  Bank of America Corp DE boosted its stake in  Continental Resources by 86.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 3,497,989 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $158,879,000 after buying an additional 1,623,470 shares during the last quarter.  UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in  Continental Resources by 10.6% in the first quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 231,214 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $10,502,000 after buying an additional 22,201 shares during the last quarter.  Impala Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in  Continental Resources by 68.3% in the first quarter. Impala Asset Management LLC now owns 312,366 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $14,188,000 after buying an additional 126,724 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Capital Impact Advisors LLC boosted its stake in  Continental Resources by 45.2% in the first quarter. Capital Impact Advisors LLC now owns 21,539 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $978,000 after buying an additional 6,705 shares during the last quarter. 23.03% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Continental Resources Inc. alerts:



Continental Resources, Inc. (NYSE:CLR) traded down 3.18% on Friday, reaching $31.41. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,721,901 shares. Continental Resources, Inc. has a 52-week low of $29.08 and a 52-week high of $60.30. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $32.84 and its 200 day moving average price is $42.23. The firm’s market cap is $11.66 billion. 





Continental Resources (NYSE:CLR) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The oil and natural gas company reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.02. The company had revenue of $685.43 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $646.46 million. Continental Resources had a negative return on equity of 3.93% and a negative net margin of 9.08%.  Equities research analysts expect that  Continental Resources, Inc. will post $0.22 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/continental-resources-inc-nyseclr-stake-held-by-texan-capital-management-updated.html. 
CLR has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Credit Suisse Group raised Continental Resources from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $40.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Friday, May 5th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Scotiabank  set a $62.00 price target on Continental Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Barclays PLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price target (down previously from $58.00) on shares of Continental Resources in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. ValuEngine downgraded Continental Resources from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Seaport Global Securities downgraded Continental Resources from a “buy” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $57.00 to $20.00 in a research report on Wednesday, June 21st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued  a hold rating and seventeen have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Continental Resources currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $50.54.
In related news, CEO Harold Hamm bought 36,452 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 24th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $42.05 per share, for a total transaction of $1,532,806.60. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own  76.97% of the company’s stock. 
Continental Resources Company Profile
Continental Resources, Inc is a crude oil and natural gas company with properties in the North, South and East regions of the United States. The North region consists of properties north of Kansas and west of the Mississippi River and includes North Dakota Bakken, Montana Bakken and the Red River units.







Receive News & Ratings for Continental Resources Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental Resources Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 
























































 









Texan Capital Management Inc in Houston, TX | 520 Post Oak Blvd, Ste 777, Houston, TX






< Back to previousTexan Capital Management Inc(1){{slogan}}520 Post Oak Blvd, Ste 777Houston, TX 77027{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Message from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeAddress InfoGalleria Financial Ctr... MoreGalleria Financial Ctr LessProducts & ServicesFinancial Planning... MoreFinancial Planning LessHoursMon-Fri: 09:00 AM-05:00 PM Sat-Sun: ClosedAdditional InformationAsset Management... MoreAsset Management LessWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




Texan Capital Management Inc 520 Post Oak Blvd Houston, TX Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Texan Capital Management Inc
  

520 Post Oak Blvd

Houston
TX
77027




 Reviews



(713) 965-0300
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 9am-5pm
Tue: 9am-5pm
Wed: 9am-5pm
Thu: 9am-5pm
Fri: 9am-5pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Texan Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                           - Houston                                           , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Houston



Security Brokers and Dealers



Security Brokers And Dealers



                            Texan Capital Management, Inc.
                                    



 





















T 


Texan Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



520 POST OAK BLVD STE 777 HOUSTON, TX 77027
Get Directions



(713) 965-0300
www.texancapital.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue $1,615,720.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Security Brokers And Dealers
 Contacts Frank M Wozencraft                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009, Texan Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                           has been providing Security Brokers And Dealers from Houston. Texan Capital Management, Inc.                                                                                           is incorporated in Texas. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Texan Capital Management: Login, Bill Pay, Customer Service and Care Sign-In










































Video - Texan Capital Management


































































































 


















Schedule a Consultation












The video will begin in a few seconds...






















































TEAM - Texan Capital Management


































































































 


















Schedule a Consultation












Our Team
Douglas R. Wynkoop, CFACEO, CIO, and PrincipalDoug Wynkoop is the Chief Investment Officer at Texan Capital Management, Inc.  Mr. Wynkoop has over 15 years of experience in senior leadership roles in the institutional investment management industry.  Most recently he was the President and Chief Investment Officer of the University of Florida Investment Corporation (UFICO) for three years.  While at UFICO he managed a total of $2.4 billion in assets, including the UF endowment.  Immediately prior to UFICO, Mr. Wynkoop spent 15 years at the Houston Municipal Employees Pension System (HMEPS), including four years as the fund’s Chief Investment Officer and seven years as its Investment Manager.  While at HMEPS, Mr. Wynkoop was instrumental in introducing alternative investment strategies to the $2.0 billion investment portfolio, including private equity, real estate, natural resources and hedge funds.  This adoption of the “endowment model” reduced the volatility of the fund’s investment performance and transformed the fund from a bottom-quartile performer to a top-decile performing fund.

Mr. Wynkoop received a BS degree in Aerospace Engineering from The Ohio State University, a MBA from the University of Houston, and holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. He is a member of the CFA Institute and the Houston Society of Financial Analysts.  Doug and his wife Bonita have three children.
Julia Justice CauthornChief Compliance Officer and PrincipalJulia Cauthorn began working in the investment business at Colonial Penn Group while attending Temple University School of Law. In 1975, she joined Goldman Sachs, initially working in Fixed Income but in 1981 moved to their Private Client Services division. Her clients were wealthy individuals in the Southeast. In 1993, Ms. Cauthorn returned to her native Texas and Goldman Sachs’ Houston office. In 1993, she started her own registered investment advisor firm, Julia Justice Cauthorn Inc. In 2005, she merged her firm into Texan Capital Management and since then has worked with individuals, corporations and foundations.

Julia grew up on a sheep and goat ranch near Del Rio, Texas. She graduated from St. Stephen’s Episcopal School in Austin. She has a BA degree from the University of Pennsylvania and a JD degree from Temple University. She has one son, who lives in New York City. Julia is active in the community through numerous organizations. Her hobbies include gardening and sewing.
Frank M. Wozencraft, Jr., CFAFounder and PrincipalFrank founded Texan Capital in 2001. He spent five years in fixed-income investing at Criterion Investment Management Co.; five years in value investing at Beutel, Goodman Capital Management; and two years in growth investing at Scott & Selber, Inc. He has specific expertise managing the finances of professional athletes and celebrities for over 20 years.

Mr. Wozencraft earned a Bachelors of Arts degree from Williams College in 1985 and a Masters of Management degree from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 1992. He graduated from St. Paul’s School in Concord, NH. Frank holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of The CFA Institute and the Houston Society of Financial Analysts.  A native Houstonian, Frank served on the Board of Directors of DePelchin Children’s Center, and was one of the founders of the Houston Technology Center. Frank and his wife Liz have two children. He enjoys sports and travel.
B.J. Willingham, CFAPortfolio ManagerB.J. began his career at Wachovia Bank in North Carolina, then moved to Houston in 1976 to join Criterion Investment Management Co. as an equity portfolio manager. Criterion grew to become one of the country’s premier investment firms, ultimately merging into Transamerica Corp. in 1989. B.J. served as Chief Investment Officer for Transamerica Mutual Funds until 1994, when he left to found his own firm, Willingham Asset Management, Inc. Willingham Asset Management and Texan Capital merged at the end of 2007.

Mr. Willingham received a Bachelors of Arts degree in Economics from Yale University and an MBA from Wharton School of Finance. B.J. has served on the boards and committees of numerous non-profit organizations. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation, and is a member of The CFA Institute and the Houston Society of Financial Analysts. B.J. and his wife Delby have two grown daughters. He enjoys the outdoors and is an avid fly fisherman.
Michael D. CoffeltAssociateMike Coffelt joined Texan Capital in April 2008 and is responsible for the firm’s trading and operations. He received his Bachelors of Business Administration from Sam Houston State University in 1989 and his M.B.A from Nova Southeastern University in 1998. Before joining Texan Capital, Mike worked for Citibank in Tampa, FL.

Mike has two children. His hobbies include golf and reading, and he is an avid member of the Gator Nation.
Katherine E. LatchettAdministrative AssistantKate Latchett received a B.A. in Social Sciences from the University of Washington in 2001. Her father was a professional opera singer, and Kate has lived all over the world. She moved to Houston in 2006 and joined Texan Capital in 2007.

Kate and her husband Woody have two children, and they enjoy spending lots of time outdoors and traveling. Her hobbies include painting and photography.
Linda Jo BarrieAdministrative AssistantJo Barrie joined Texan Capital in February 2008. She attended the University of Houston, where she earned a B.B.A in Marketing. Jo worked for a year in Saudi Arabia with ARAMCO, and she has significant experience in the healthcare and investment management industries.

Jo has a son, who works for National Oilwell Varco. She enjoys skiing, travel, music and reading.























































Texan Capital Management - Houston-Based Wealth Management Firm



































































































 


















Schedule a Consultation













Comprehensive Wealth Management

We are a Houston-based wealth management firm, specializing in serving institutional and high-net-worth clients. We develop strategies that meet our clients' needs and objectives with a focus on managing risk.
The Texan Capital team has more than 100 years of wealth management experience and has earned numerous "Top Gun" national Top-10 rankings by PSN Informa.






















































		
		
		Texan Capital Management Boosted Pepsico (PEP) Holding; Cardtronics PLC (CATM) Covered By 3 Bullish Analysts Last Week - Key Gazette
		
		
		
		

 
















 














































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News
Contact






Texan Capital Management Boosted Pepsico (PEP) Holding; Cardtronics PLC (CATM) Covered By 3 Bullish Analysts Last Week


					

						July 26, 2017 - By Vivian Currie

Texan Capital Management increased Pepsico Inc (PEP) stake by 56.61% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Texan Capital Management acquired 3,727 shares as Pepsico Inc (PEP)’s stock rose 5.12%. The Texan Capital Management holds 10,311 shares with $1.08 million value, up from 6,584 last quarter. Pepsico Inc now has $166.36B valuation. The stock declined 0.06% or $0.07 reaching $116.38 on the news. About 373 shares traded. PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) has risen 12.20% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 4.50% the S&P500.






Among 7 analysts covering Cardtronics (NASDAQ:CATM), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 4 Hold. Therefore 43% are positive. Cardtronics had 10 analyst reports since August 14, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. As per Wednesday, November 16, the company rating was downgraded by Wells Fargo. JP Morgan downgraded the stock to “Neutral” rating in Friday, August 19 report. On Friday, March 18 the stock rating was maintained by Jefferies with “Buy”. The company was downgraded on Friday, July 29 by Barrington Research. As per Friday, December 11, the company rating was initiated by Bank of America. The stock of Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM) earned “Buy” rating by Feltl & Co on Thursday, September 22. JP Morgan maintained the stock with “Overweight” rating in Friday, August 14 report. See Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM) latest ratings:
22/06/2017 Broker: SunTrust Rating: Buy 
Among 18 analysts covering PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP), 9 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 9 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. PepsiCo had 44 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. On Friday, March 24 the stock rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with “Hold”. The stock has “Overweight” rating by Barclays Capital on Tuesday, April 19. Cowen & Co maintained PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) on Tuesday, July 11 with “Buy” rating. The stock of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) has “Buy” rating given on Thursday, July 6 by Jefferies. The stock has “Buy” rating by Sterne Agee CRT on Tuesday, July 21. The firm has “Hold” rating given on Thursday, April 14 by Stifel Nicolaus. BMO Capital Markets maintained the shares of PEP in report on Friday, April 28 with “Buy” rating. The stock has “Buy” rating by Credit Suisse on Friday, April 28. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Sector Perform” rating in Wednesday, October 7 report. RBC Capital Markets maintained PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) on Friday, May 26 with “Hold” rating.
Since February 17, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 9 sales for $32.14 million activity. The insider Gallagher Marie T. sold 30,005 shares worth $3.22M. 3,000 shares were sold by TRUDELL CYNTHIA, worth $337,775. Chadha Sanjeev sold $2.70M worth of stock or 25,000 shares. 4,258 shares were sold by Narasimhan Laxman, worth $466,265 on Monday, March 6. $21.03M worth of PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) was sold by Johnston Hugh F on Friday, February 17. 23,585 shares valued at $2.57 million were sold by Laguarta Ramon on Tuesday, February 28. Another trade for 2,000 shares valued at $220,444 was made by Sankaran Vivek on Wednesday, March 1.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.97 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.18, from 0.79 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 68 investors sold PEP shares while 674 reduced holdings. 102 funds opened positions while 618 raised stakes. 967.70 million shares or 0.34% more from 964.42 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. State Treasurer State Of Michigan holds 0.39% or 469,029 shares. First Heartland Consultants holds 0.16% in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) or 5,063 shares. Davidson Advsr invested 2% of its portfolio in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Archford Cap Strategies Limited Liability Company stated it has 0.52% of its portfolio in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Twin Management Inc invested in 0.95% or 140,530 shares. Ig Mngmt, Manitoba – Canada-based fund reported 941,204 shares. 10,190 are held by Beacon Fincl Grp. Autus Asset Management Ltd invested in 0.44% or 19,159 shares. Florida-based Texas Yale Capital has invested 0.22% in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Chilton Cap Mgmt Ltd Co stated it has 0.41% in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Avalon Advisors Ltd Liability Com stated it has 330,582 shares or 1.25% of all its holdings. 13.81M were accumulated by Geode Mngmt Ltd Co. Amica Retiree Medical Trust accumulated 8,972 shares or 0.75% of the stock. Cubic Asset Mngmt Llc invested 0.14% in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). 89,066 are held by Noesis Capital Mangement Corp.
Investors sentiment increased to 0.2 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.19, from 0.01 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 4 investors sold Cardtronics PLC shares while 1 reduced holdings. 1 funds opened positions while 0 raised stakes. 1.16 million shares or 48.49% less from 2.26 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Polaris Capital Mgmt Limited Co owns 46,183 shares. Gemmer Asset Mgmt Lc invested in 0% or 88 shares. Moreover, Van Berkom Associates Inc has 2.44% invested in Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM). 26 are held by Hanseatic Mgmt Svcs Inc.
 About shares traded. Cardtronics PLC (NASDAQ:CATM) has declined 6.30% since July 26, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 23.00% the S&P500.
Cardtronics plc, formerly Cardtronics, Inc., provides automated consumer financial services through its network of automated teller machines and multi-function financial services kiosks. The company has market cap of $1.41 billion. The Company’s activities consists of its North America, Europe, and Corporate & Other divisions. It has a 19.76 P/E ratio. The Company’s ATM activities in the United States, Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico are included in its North America segment.



Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Evolent Health (EVH) At $24.55 Forms Top, Uss Investment Management LTD Has Cut Public Svc Enterprise Group (PEG) Holding


Leerink Swann Reaffirms $199.0000 Target Price On Align Tech (ALGN), Reaffirms Buy Rating, Profile of 6 Analysts Covering Hecla Mining Company (HL)


Fidelity National Financial (FNFV) Reaches $17.05 High on Jul, 28; 4 Analysts Are Bullish Silver Standard Resources Inc. (USA) (SSRI) Last Week


Dodge & Cox Has Cut Fedex (FDX) Holding By $1.15 Million, Muhlenkamp & Co Has Lifted Mckesson Com (MCK) Position By $3.64 Million


Leavell Investment Management Trimmed By $385,940 Its Apple (AAPL) Position, AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Had 0 Bullish Analysts


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Lowered Liberty Global Plc (Call) (LBTYA) Stake By $867,510; Telefonica Brasil SA (ADR) (VIV) Had 1 Bulls


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Cut Its Superior Energy Svcs (SPN) Holding, BIOHITECH GLOBAL (BHTG) Sellers Increased By 10.95% Their Shorts


Lombard Odier Asset Management Usa Has Boosted Turquoise Hill Res LTD (TRQ) Position; Baker Hughes (BHI) SI Decreased By 2.41%


Westwood Holdings Group Has Boosted Markel (MKL) Stake, Biglari Holdings (BH) Shorts Increased By 12.62%


Shelton Capital Management Lowered Southwest Airls Co (LUV) Position By $372,400; Veritas Software (VRTS)’s Sentiment Is 1.04






© Copyright 2017 KEY GAZETTE
				

			



		
















            	Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell







            
Lists*Consumer Eagle







Twitter Auto Publish Powered By : XYZScripts.com





















Texan Capital Management - Houston-Based Wealth Management Firm



































































































 


















Schedule a Consultation













Comprehensive Wealth Management

We are a Houston-based wealth management firm, specializing in serving institutional and high-net-worth clients. We develop strategies that meet our clients' needs and objectives with a focus on managing risk.
The Texan Capital team has more than 100 years of wealth management experience and has earned numerous "Top Gun" national Top-10 rankings by PSN Informa.















































