


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















A Catalogs Comparative | Charleston Wrap


































































Shop Now
Need to register students?






 









Schools average a 30% increase in profits when switching to Charleston Wrap. 
 
What’s Great About Our School Catalog Fundraisers?

Each student receives BOTH fundraising catalogs
Over 300 quality kitchen & home gift products to choose from
Over 165 products are value priced at $15 or less
Over 80 styles of UltraHeavy™  High Quality Gift Wrap
All of our fundraising gift wrap rolls are reversible
Over 100 personalized fundraising products!

Get Your Free Fundraising Kit Here








3-D FOR ADDED FUN



GREAT FOR THE GRILL



PERSONALIZE IT!



FOR THE BAKER



Hurry! Program Space Limited!




Better Products. Better Fundraising.




.



  

Two Catalogs Are Better Than One.
More product for shoppers to get excited about (and buy!).  There is something for everyone!



  

39% More Wrap For the Same Price
Compare 40 sqft. at $8 of our exclusive designs, double-sided, UltraHeavy™ wrap versus our competitors average of 30 sqft. at $10.



  

100+ Popular Personalized Products.
More personalized products than other fundraisers-  photo gifts, embroidered monograms and even make your own gift wrap!



  

High Quality Kitchen & Home Products.
300+ unique and essential kitchen & home items.  Cookware, food storage, grilling utensils, great selection of bags.



  

Super Prize Programs Motivates Students
Student involvement is key- keep them motivated with our industry leading prize programs.




Get Your Free Fundraising Kit →
or Give us a call! (We're friendly!)
 +1 (800) 982-0293   


Get your “How-To” School Fundraising Kit

School or Organization Name*First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*

School or Organization AddressCounty of School or OrganizationCityStatePlease Select...INTERNATIONALAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingArmed Forces AmericasArmed Forces EuropeArmed Forces PacificZip/Postal CodeCompany used for last fundraising campaign*Retail dollars earned from last fundraising campaign?*Approximately how many students?*How did you hear about us?*Please choose...Google SearchOther Internet SearchPostal MailCharleston Wrap RepresentativeEmailPTO Today Magazine/WebsiteConvention or EventPersonal ReferralFacebook/Social MediaOtherComments or questions?Please contact me by email or phone regarding the following programs:

Gift Catalog Programs


Internet Only Program


  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.









Testimonials





Mary E. Baker Elementary

Our PTA was very pleased with the customer service response from Charleston Wrap. We always felt fully supported during our fundraiser. Our fundraiser was well organized and ran very smoothly. The merchandise was of great quality and proved to be profitable for our school.




Arendell Parrott Academy

I enjoy having my own contact person at Charleston Wrap and can always expect an immediate answer. The customer service is invaluable!




Sharkey Issaquena Academy

The Charleston Wrap team went above and beyond, from beginning to end, to ensure that we were completely satisfied. With your company’s guidance, our distribution was quick and easy.I highly recommend your company and the products to anyone.






Why Charleston Wrap?







On average, schools see a 30% INCREASE in profit when they switch to Charleston Wrap.
100% satisfaction is guaranteed in product, customer service and support.
Millions of students and thousands of schools have benefited from our fundraising company!
Helping schools GROW since 1993

Our philosophy is simple; sell a quality fundraising product at a fair price in order to make the final consumer happy. Match that with a Customer Service Team that goes above and beyond, and you have a winning combination for the school, the parents and the end consumer!



















Campaign Choices▼Fall 2017 Combo Gift ProgramFall 2017 Single Gift ProgramFall 2017 Gourmet Food ProgramFall 2017 Online FundraiserPersonalized ProductsSpring 2017 Gift ProgramWhy Charleston WrapFundraising Resources▼School Fundraising ArticlesIncentive ProgramsKickoff VideosContact 













	Texas Permanent School Fund





























Skip to content




















Applications 
Menu














Search







A - Z Index
Contact
Sign Up for Updates
TEA Correspondence

























Texas Permanent School Fund










The Texas Permanent School 
Fund (PSF) was created with a $2,000,000 appropriation by the Texas 
Legislature in 1854 expressly for the benefit of the public schools of 
Texas. The Constitution of 1876 stipulated that certain lands and all 
proceeds from the sale of these lands should also constitute the PSF. 
Additional acts later gave more public domain land and rights to the 
PSF. 
In 1953, the U.S. Congress 
passed the Submerged Lands Act that relinquished to coastal states all 
rights of the U.S. navigable waters within state boundaries. If the 
state, by law, had set a larger boundary prior to or at the time of 
admission to the Union, or if the boundary had been approved by 
Congress, then the larger boundary applied. 
After three years of 
litigation (1957-1960), the U. S. Supreme Court on May 31, 1960, 
affirmed Texas' historic three marine leagues (10.35 miles) seaward 
boundary. Texas proved its submerged lands property rights to three 
leagues into the Gulf of Mexico by citing historic laws and treaties 
dating back to 1836. All lands lying within that limit belong to the 
PSF. The proceeds from the sale and the mineral-related rental of these 
lands, including bonuses, delay rentals, and royalty payments, become 
the corpus of the Fund. 
 

Texas Permanent School Fund 400 West 15th Street Austin, Texas, 78701 (Express Mail Only) Phone (512) 463-9169







































                        Finance & Grants





                                Financial Accountability






                                Financial Exigency





                                Financial Integrity Rating System of Texas






                                Financial Compliance






                                Annual Financial and Compliance Reports (AFRs)





                                Electronic Submissions





                                Depository Contracts for Charter Schools





                                Depository Contracts for School Districts





                                Fiscal Year Start Date





                                Resource Guide (FASRG)





                                Student Attendance Accounting Handbook





                                Superintendent Payment Disclosure






                                Grants






                                Applying for a Grant





                                Grants Awarded





                                Administering a Grant





                                Federal Flexibility Initiative





                                Compliance and Reporting





                                Federal Fiscal Monitoring





                                Training and Other Resources






                                State Funding






                                Chapter 41 Wealth Equalization





                                Charter School Funding





                                Facilities Funding and Standards





                                Foundation School Program





                                Manuals





                                School District Expenditure Reports





                                State Funding Reports and Data





                                Summary of Finances – Information





                                Summary of Finances – Reports





                                Transportation Funding





                                Additional Finance Resources






                                Texas Permanent School Fund






                                Annual Reports





                                Bond Guarantee Program





                                Holdings





                                Investment Policy





                                IRS Notice





                                Requests for Proposals (RFPs)
















































Contact Us

Texas Permanent School Fund 
Phone (512) 463-9169
 














Facebook Icon
Twitter Icon
YouTube Icon
Flickr Icon
Instagram Icon








  Print















About TEA

Welcome & Overview
Agency Finances
Contact Us
Laws & Rules
Leadership
Legal Services
News & Multimedia
Other Services


Academics

College, Career, & Military Prep
Curriculum Standards
Early Childhood Education
Graduation Information
Instructional Materials
Learning Support and Programs
Special Student Populations
Subject Areas


Finance & Grants

Financial Accountability
Financial Compliance
Grants
State Funding
Texas Permanent School Fund


Reports & Data

Data Submission
Educator Data
Financial Reports
Legislative Information
Program Evaluations
School District Data
School Performance
Student Data


Student Testing & Accountability

Accountability
Certificate of High School Equivalency (TxCHSE)
Monitoring & Interventions
Testing


Texas Educators

Certification
Educator Evaluation and Support System
Educator Initiatives
Investigations
Preparation and Continuing Education
Salary and Service Record


Texas Schools

Charter Schools
District Initiatives
General Information
Safe and Healthy Schools
School Boards
Support for At-Risk Schools & Students
Waivers








                    AskTED

                    ECOS For Educators

                    Grant Opportunities

                    TEA  Secure Applications

                    TEAL Login

                    TEASE Login

                    TSDS








﻿






























Comparing Myers Industries (NYSE:MYE) and AptarGroup (ATR) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Myers Industries Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Myers Industries Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Insider Selling: Capella Education Company (CPLA) CEO Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock
$0.15 Earnings Per Share Expected for McDermott International, Inc. (NYSE:MDR) This Quarter
Glenmede Trust Co. NA Has $429,000 Position in STERIS PLC (STE)
Appleton Partners Inc. MA Has $219,000 Stake in Dunkin’ Brands Group, Inc. (DNKN)
Confluence Investment Management LLC Purchases 948 Shares of New Mountain Finance Corporation (NMFC)
Confluence Investment Management LLC Increases Stake in PennantPark Investment Corporation (PNNT)
Confluence Investment Management LLC Decreases Stake in Main Street Capital Corporation (MAIN)
Bank of Montreal Can Purchases 108,009 Shares of PriceSmart, Inc. (PSMT)
Ameren Corporation (AEE) Shares Sold by Marshwinds Advisory Co.
71,927 Shares in First Data Corporation (FDC) Acquired by CenturyLink Investment Management Co
CenturyLink Investment Management Co Increases Stake in Xcel Energy Inc. (XEL)
CenturyLink Investment Management Co Reduces Stake in United States Cellular Corporation (USM)
Eqis Capital Management Inc. Purchases New Stake in Agilent Technologies, Inc. (A)
AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Shares Bought by Beaumont Financial Partners LLC
Marco Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ)
Daiwa SB Investments Ltd. Sells 200 Shares of Aduro Biotech, Inc. (ADRO)
Atria Investments LLC Has $989,000 Position in Welltower Inc. (HCN)
Janus Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG)
American Tower Corporation (REIT) (AMT) Shares Sold by Keel Point LLC
Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) Shares Bought by Bank of The Ozarks







Comparing Myers Industries (NYSE:MYE) and AptarGroup (ATR)


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 14th, 2017 // No Comments




Myers Industries (NYSE: MYE) and AptarGroup (NYSE:ATR) are both industrial products companies, but which is the superior business? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their analyst recommendations, profitabiliy, risk, valuation, earnings, institutional ownership and dividends. 
Valuation and Earnings


 Get Myers Industries Inc. alerts:



This table compares Myers Industries and AptarGroup’s top-line revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation.



Gross Revenue
Price/Sales Ratio
EBITDA
Earnings Per Share
Price/Earnings Ratio


Myers Industries
$548.56 million
1.00
$57.90 million
$0.24
75.63


AptarGroup
$2.35 billion
2.35
$475.05 million
$3.31
26.78







AptarGroup has higher revenue and earnings than Myers Industries. AptarGroup is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Myers Industries, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks. 
Risk and Volatility
Myers Industries has a beta of 1.77, meaning that its share price is 77% more volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, AptarGroup has a beta of 0.98, meaning that its share price is 2% less volatile than the S&P 500. 
Dividends
Myers Industries pays an annual dividend of $0.54 per share and has a dividend yield of 3.0%. AptarGroup pays an annual dividend of $1.28 per share and has a dividend yield of 1.4%. Myers Industries pays out 225.0% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. AptarGroup pays out 38.7% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. Myers Industries has raised its dividend for 7 consecutive years and AptarGroup has raised its dividend for 4 consecutive years. Myers Industries is clearly the better dividend stock, given its higher yield and longer track record of dividend growth.
Analyst Recommendations
This is a breakdown of current ratings and price targets for Myers Industries and AptarGroup, as reported by MarketBeat.com. 



Sell Ratings
Hold Ratings
Buy Ratings
Strong Buy Ratings
Rating Score


Myers Industries
1
0
1
0
2.00


AptarGroup
3
4
0
0
1.57


Myers Industries currently has a consensus target price of $13.00, suggesting a potential downside of 28.37%. AptarGroup has a consensus target price of $77.50, suggesting a potential downside of 12.56%. Given AptarGroup’s  higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe AptarGroup is more favorable than Myers Industries.
Profitability
This table compares Myers Industries and AptarGroup’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.



Net Margins
Return on Equity
Return on Assets


Myers Industries
1.38%
11.57%
2.85%


AptarGroup
9.09%
16.58%
7.86%


Institutional and Insider Ownership
85.1% of Myers Industries shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 90.0% of AptarGroup shares are owned by institutional investors. 0.8% of Myers Industries shares are owned by insiders. Comparatively, 5.3% of AptarGroup shares are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, hedge funds and large money managers believe a stock will outperform the market over the long term.
Summary
AptarGroup beats Myers Industries on 11 of the 17 factors compared between the two stocks.
Myers Industries Company Profile
Myers Industries, Inc. is an international manufacturing and distribution company. The Company operates through two segments: Material Handling and Distribution. As of December 31, 2016, the Company operated 15 manufacturing facilities, 20 sales offices, four distribution centers and three distribution branches located throughout North, Central and South America. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had approximately 15,000 manufactured products and over 13,500 distributed products. The Material Handling segment designs, manufactures and markets a range of plastic and metal products. The Distribution Segment is engaged in the distribution of tools, equipment and supplies used for tire, wheel and under vehicle service on passenger, heavy truck and off-road vehicles, and the manufacturing of tire repair materials and custom rubber products. The product line includes categories, such as tire valves and accessories, and lifts and alignment equipment.
AptarGroup Company Profile
AptarGroup, Inc. is a provider of a range of packaging, dispensing and sealing solutions, primarily for the beauty, personal care, homecare, prescription drug, consumer healthcare, injectables, food and beverage markets. The Company has manufacturing facilities located throughout the world, including North America, Europe, Asia and South America. The Company operates through three segments: Beauty + Home, Pharma and Food + Beverage. It offers various dispensing and sealing solutions. Its primary products are dispensing pumps, closures, aerosol valves and elastomeric primary packaging components. Its elastomeric components also include pre filled syringe components, such as plungers, needle shields, tip caps and cartridges, as well as dropper bulbs and syringe plungers. Its Beauty + Home segment primarily sells pumps, closures, aerosol valves, accessories and sealing solutions to the personal care and home care markets, and pumps and decorative components to the beauty market.






Receive News & Ratings for Myers Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Myers Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Permanent School Fund - Wikipedia





















 






Permanent School Fund

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Texas Permanent School Fund


Type

Sovereign wealth fund


Industry
Institutional investor


Genre
Public Lands, Mineral Rights, Land Use Rights


Founded
1854


Founder
Act of Legislature


Headquarters
Austin, Texas, United States


Total assets
US$36.3 billion (August 2014)[1]


Owner
State of Texas


Website
Official website


The Texas Permanent School Fund is a sovereign wealth fund which serves to provide revenues for funding of public primary and secondary education in the US state of Texas.[2] Its assets include many publicly owned lands within Texas and various other investments; as of the end of fiscal 2014 (August 31), the fund had an endowment of $36.3 billion.[1] The fund is distinct from the Permanent University Fund, which funds most institutions in the University of Texas System and the Texas A&M University System, but no other public universities or schools in the state.
Management[edit]
The lands and other assets in the fund are managed by the Texas General Land Office (GLO). Money is added to the fund whenever lands under GLO management are sold or leased, or when mineral royalties are collected on natural resource extraction on these lands. Royalties on oil and gas extraction are the fund's major source of revenues.[3]
The General Land Office then reinvests these revenues and manages the investments. The interest produced by the fund's investments is distributed to the state's public school districts (in proportion to their average daily student attendance), but the fund itself may not be spent; this provision ensures that the fund will continue to grow, and its revenues will be available for Texas public schools in perpetuity.[3]
History and enlargement[edit]
In 1854 an act of the Texas Legislature established the Special School Fund (a predecessor to the Permanent School Fund), intended to fund the state's public school system. The fund was endowed with $2 million taken from the money paid to Texas by the federal government in return for Texas's claimed territory in what are now parts of New Mexico, Colorado and Oklahoma.[4]
After the Civil War and Reconstruction, in 1876 Texas enacted a new constitution which changed the fund's name to the Permanent School Fund and transferred half of the public lands owned by the state to the fund as its new endowment. The 1876 constitution also tasked the General Land Office with the management of these lands and the fund.[3]
In 1953, the United States Congress passed the Submerged Lands Act, which returned to the States the navigable territorial waters that had been historically the property of the States. Because Texas's historical territorial waters originated with its period as a sovereign state, the US Supreme Court ruled in 1960 that Texas was in the unique position of owning territory out to three leagues (10.35 miles) from its coastline. These lands were also added to the Permanent School Fund, further enlarging its assets.[2]
References[edit]



^ a b "Texas Permanent School Fund: Annual Report". Texas Education Agency. Retrieved 13 May 2015.  Page at the cited URL contains a link to the report in PDF format; click on "I Agree" to download.
^ a b "Texas Permanent School Fund". Texas Education Agency. Retrieved 13 May 2012. 
^ a b c "Permanent School Fund". Texas General Land Office. Retrieved 13 May 2015. 
^ McClellan, Michael E. (15 June 2010). "PERMANENT SCHOOL FUND". Handbook of Texas Online. Texas State Historical Association. Retrieved 13 May 2015. 







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Permanent_School_Fund&oldid=662202679"					
Categories: Sovereign wealth funds 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 13 May 2015, at 20:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






























New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2,007,000 Stake in Quanex Building Products Corporation (NX) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Quanex Building Products Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quanex Building Products Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Rent-A-Center Inc. (NASDAQ:RCII) Given Sell Rating at Loop Capital					

Boenning Scattergood Reiterates “$20.00” Price Target for RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ)					

Ericsson’s (ERIC) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) to Sell					

Nomura Analysts Give Signet Jewelers Limited (NYSE:SIG) a $70.00 Price Target					

Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Given New $209.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC					

Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Expedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE)					

J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Given Equal Weight Rating at Morgan Stanley					

SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SEDG) Upgraded by CIBC to Outperform					

J.B. Hunt Transport Services’ (NASDAQ:JBHT) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Company					

Cree, Inc. (CREE) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research					

Primero Mining Corp (NYSE:PPP) PT Set at $1.00 by Royal Bank Of Canada					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) Price Target Raised to $87.00 at J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Begins Coverage on Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTLA)					

HC Wainwright Analysts Give OpGen, Inc. (OPGN) a $1.00 Price Target					

Capstone Turbine Corporation (CPST) Given a $2.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts					

Credit Agricole Sa  (NASDAQ:CRARY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

CounterPath Corporation (CPAH) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Digimarc Corporation (DMRC) to Sell					

Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates “$46.00” Price Target for The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN)					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2,007,000 Stake in Quanex Building Products Corporation (NX)					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Hanz Christensen 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










New York State Teachers Retirement System continued to hold its position in  Quanex Building Products Corporation (NYSE:NX) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 99,135 shares of the construction company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System’s holdings in Quanex Building Products Corporation were worth $2,007,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in NX. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in  Quanex Building Products Corporation by 5.3% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 7,938 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $161,000 after buying an additional 403 shares during the last quarter.  Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of  Quanex Building Products Corporation by 5.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 479,834 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $9,717,000 after buying an additional 22,970 shares in the last quarter.  Falcon Point Capital LLC raised its position in shares of  Quanex Building Products Corporation by 3.1% in the first quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC now owns 57,995 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $1,174,000 after buying an additional 1,767 shares in the last quarter.  State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in shares of  Quanex Building Products Corporation by 13.6% in the first quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 39,340 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $797,000 after buying an additional 4,712 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its position in shares of  Quanex Building Products Corporation by 10.4% in the first quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 47,807 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $966,000 after buying an additional 4,503 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  98.83% of the company’s stock. 
Quanex Building Products Corporation (NYSE:NX) opened at 21.10 on Wednesday. The firm’s market cap is $720.71 million. Quanex Building Products Corporation has a one year low of $15.41 and a one year high of $21.90. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $20.96 and its 200 day moving average is $20.17. 




Quanex Building Products Corporation (NYSE:NX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 30th. The construction company reported $0.11 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.06. Quanex Building Products Corporation had a negative net margin of 0.09% and a positive return on equity of 7.70%. The firm had revenue of $209.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $205.27 million. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.11 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 8.9% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts predict that  Quanex Building Products Corporation will post $0.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were given a $0.04 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.16 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.76%. Quanex Building Products Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is -533.16%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $2,007,000 Stake in Quanex Building Products Corporation (NX)” was first  reported by Watch List News and is the sole property of of Watch List News. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.watchlistnews.com/new-york-state-teachers-retirement-system-has-2007000-stake-in-quanex-building-products-corporation-nx/1451409.html. 
In related news, SVP Kevin P. Delaney sold 9,971 shares of Quanex Building Products Corporation stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.53, for a total transaction of $214,675.63. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 113,442 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,442,406.26. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Kevin P. Delaney sold 21,275 shares of Quanex Building Products Corporation stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.16, for a total transaction of $450,179.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 103,963 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,199,857.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 104,809 shares of company stock valued at $2,230,713. Corporate insiders own  5.32% of the company’s stock. 
Quanex Building Products Corporation Company Profile

Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Quanex Building Products Corporation (NYSE:NX).



Receive News & Ratings for Quanex Building Products Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quanex Building Products Corporation and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Hanz Christensen 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 












































Texas Permanent School Fund                                                                                              - Austin                                            , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Austin



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Texas Permanent School Fund
                                    



 





















T 


Texas Permanent School Fund                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1701 CONGRESS AVE AUSTIN, TX 78701
Get Directions



(512) 463-1814
www.tea.state.tx.us                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,691,311,249.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Elizabeth Jones                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2008, Texas Permanent School Fund                                                                                              has been providing Management Investment, Open-end from Austin. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿

























Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Caterpillar Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Caterpillar Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Guess?, Inc. (GES) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $558.33 Million
Kepler Capital Markets Lowers Salzgitter AG (OTCMKTS:SZGPY) to Reduce
Cenovus Energy Inc (TSE:CVE) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets
Enerflex Ltd (TSE:EFX) PT Raised to C$23.50
Deutsche Post AG (OTCMKTS:DPSGY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold
AGF Management Limited (TSE:AGF.B) PT Raised to C$6.50
Intu Properties PLC (INTU) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Wells Fargo & Company MN Raises Position in DCT Industrial Trust Inc (NYSE:DCT)
Orion Group Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ORN) Stake Held by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can
Jennison Associates LLC Decreases Position in Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC)
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (HAIN) Given “Positive” Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc
Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Reduces Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD)
Career Education Corporation (NASDAQ:CECO) Stake Raised by Wells Fargo & Company MN
Wells Fargo & Company MN Lowers Position in Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:EIGI)
Beaumont Financial Partners LLC Has $290,000 Stake in 3M Company (NYSE:MMM)
Just Energy Group (NYSE:JE) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows
Knight Transportation (NYSE:KNX) Receives News Impact Score of 0.34
Matthews International Corporation (NASDAQ:MATW) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Accern Reports
MercadoLibre, Inc. (NASDAQ:MELI) Given “Buy” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG
Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (BEP) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research


 


Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments 

Texas Permanent School Fund decreased its position in shares of Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) by 2.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 171,362 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 3,905 shares during the period. Texas Permanent School Fund’s holdings in Caterpillar were worth $15,896,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Howe & Rusling Inc. increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 52.0% in the first quarter. Howe & Rusling Inc. now owns 1,087 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 372 shares in the last quarter. First Personal Financial Services increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 167.4% in the first quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 1,198 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 750 shares in the last quarter. Financial Architects Inc increased its position in Caterpillar by 5.7% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 1,215 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $113,000 after buying an additional 65 shares in the last quarter. Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in Caterpillar during the fourth quarter worth approximately $125,000. Finally, Ledyard National Bank increased its position in Caterpillar by 145.7% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 1,425 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 845 shares in the last quarter. 70.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Caterpillar Inc. alerts:



Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) traded up 0.28% on Friday, reaching $108.77. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,480,218 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $104.38 and a 200 day moving average price of $97.66. The company’s market cap is $64.08 billion. Caterpillar, Inc. has a 12 month low of $78.34 and a 12 month high of $110.00. 




Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.66. Caterpillar had a positive return on equity of 16.46% and a negative net margin of 0.38%. The firm had revenue of $9.82 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.27 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.67 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 3.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Caterpillar, Inc. will post $4.20 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, August 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 20th will be paid a dividend of $0.78 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, July 18th. This represents a $3.12 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.87%. This is a positive change from Caterpillar’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.77. Caterpillar’s payout ratio is -1,140.70%. 
WARNING: “Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund” was originally published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/17/texas-permanent-school-fund-has-15-90-million-position-in-caterpillar-inc-cat-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently commented on the company. UBS AG restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $102.00 price objective (up previously from $98.00) on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Friday, April 28th. Axiom Securities restated a “sell” rating on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Caterpillar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $121.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating and issued a $110.00 price objective on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Wednesday, June 21st. Finally, Vetr raised Caterpillar from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $89.96 target price for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating, eleven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $97.72.
About Caterpillar
 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Caterpillar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






















































OppenheimerFunds Inc. Raises Position in Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Dorman Products Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dorman Products Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Rent-A-Center Inc. (NASDAQ:RCII) Given Sell Rating at Loop Capital					

Boenning Scattergood Reiterates “$20.00” Price Target for RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ)					

Ericsson’s (ERIC) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) to Sell					

Nomura Analysts Give Signet Jewelers Limited (NYSE:SIG) a $70.00 Price Target					

Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Given New $209.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC					

Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Equal Weight” Rating for Expedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE)					

J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) Given Equal Weight Rating at Morgan Stanley					

SolarEdge Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SEDG) Upgraded by CIBC to Outperform					

J.B. Hunt Transport Services’ (NASDAQ:JBHT) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Company					

Cree, Inc. (CREE) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research					

Primero Mining Corp (NYSE:PPP) PT Set at $1.00 by Royal Bank Of Canada					

Medidata Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDSO) Price Target Raised to $87.00 at J P Morgan Chase & Co					

Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Begins Coverage on Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:NTLA)					

HC Wainwright Analysts Give OpGen, Inc. (OPGN) a $1.00 Price Target					

Capstone Turbine Corporation (CPST) Given a $2.00 Price Target by HC Wainwright Analysts					

Credit Agricole Sa  (NASDAQ:CRARY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

CounterPath Corporation (CPAH) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Digimarc Corporation (DMRC) to Sell					

Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reiterates “$46.00” Price Target for The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HAIN)					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						OppenheimerFunds Inc. Raises Position in Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM)					

						 July 11th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Mark Dietrich 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










OppenheimerFunds Inc. increased its stake in  Dorman Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:DORM) by 19.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 8,522 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after buying an additional 1,370 shares during the period. OppenheimerFunds Inc.’s holdings in Dorman Products were worth $700,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. raised its stake in shares of  Dorman Products by 0.4% in the first quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 15,045 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $1,236,000 after buying an additional 56 shares during the last quarter.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in shares of  Dorman Products by 2.1% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 3,360 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $275,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter.  Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan raised its stake in shares of  Dorman Products by 1.0% in the first quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 6,930 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $569,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the last quarter.  FTB Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of  Dorman Products by 7.7% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 1,260 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of  Dorman Products by 7.8% in the first quarter. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC now owns 1,349 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 98 shares during the last quarter. 76.94% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Shares of Dorman Products, Inc. (DORM) opened at 76.03 on Tuesday. Dorman Products, Inc. has a one year low of $55.46 and a one year high of $88.50. The stock has a market cap of $2.61 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.69 and a beta of 0.63. The company has a 50-day moving average of $81.99 and a 200 day moving average of $77.52. 




Dorman Products (NASDAQ:DORM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The auto parts company reported $0.85 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.79 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $221.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $224.16 million. Dorman Products had a return on equity of 18.79% and a net margin of 12.66%. Dorman Products’s revenue was up 6.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.71 earnings per share.  On average, equities analysts forecast that  Dorman Products, Inc. will post $3.49 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally  posted by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/oppenheimerfunds-inc-raises-position-in-dorman-products-inc-dorm/1428533.html. 
Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Dorman Products from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday. B. Riley  reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $74.50 price target on shares of Dorman Products in a report on Saturday, May 13th. BidaskClub raised shares of Dorman Products from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $85.00 price target (up previously from $78.00) on shares of Dorman Products in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a hold rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $82.63.
In other news, Director Paul R. Lederer sold 7,593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.70, for a total value of $627,941.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 15,873 shares in the company, valued at $1,312,697.10. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own  11.70% of the company’s stock. 
About Dorman Products
Dorman Products, Inc is a supplier of replacement parts and fasteners for passenger cars, light trucks and heavy duty trucks in the automotive aftermarket. As of December 31, 2016, the Company distributed and marketed approximately 155,000 different stock keeping units (SKU’s) of automotive replacement parts and fasteners.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding DORM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Dorman Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:DORM).



Receive News & Ratings for Dorman Products Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dorman Products Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Mark Dietrich 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 










































﻿

























Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 349 Shares of Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Shutterstock Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Shutterstock Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group
Laffer Investments Holds Stake in Sherwin-Williams Company (The) (SHW)
Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd Has $232,000 Stake in Devon Energy Corporation (DVN)
eBay Inc. (EBAY) Position Lowered by Fiduciary Trust Co.
Janus Capital Management LLC Has $18.14 Million Position in Motorola Solutions, Inc. (MSI)
Bank of Nova Scotia Acquires 156,820 Shares of Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK)
Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Stake Reduced by Janus Capital Management LLC
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Has $2.44 Million Stake in Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS)
Bank of Nova Scotia Has $1.15 Million Position in Cognex Corporation (CGNX)
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Holds Position in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX)
GlaxoSmithKline PLC (GSK) Position Boosted by 10 15 Associates Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc. (CAR) Stake Increased by Credit Suisse AG
Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation (VAC) Stake Reduced by Credit Suisse AG
Janus Capital Management LLC Lowers Position in Markel Corporation (MKL)
OLD Mutual Customised Solutions Proprietary Ltd. Invests $113,000 in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF)
International Paper Company (IP) Shares Bought by FNY Partners Fund LP
Bank of Nova Scotia Has $1.32 Million Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC)
Point72 Asset Management L.P. Sells 38,800 Shares of Lithia Motors, Inc. (LAD)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Raises Position in TIM Participacoes S.A. (TSU)
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Acquires 822,845 Shares of Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN)


 


Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 349 Shares of Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 17th, 2017 // No Comments 

Texas Permanent School Fund cut its position in Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK) by 2.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 13,743 shares of the business services provider’s stock after selling 349 shares during the period. Texas Permanent School Fund’s holdings in Shutterstock were worth $568,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. LS Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Shutterstock by 250.0% in the first quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,583 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 1,845 shares in the last quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. boosted its position in shares of Shutterstock by 52.9% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 4,941 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 1,709 shares during the period. Fox Run Management L.L.C. boosted its position in shares of Shutterstock by 28.7% in the first quarter. Fox Run Management L.L.C. now owns 6,563 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $271,000 after buying an additional 1,463 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new position in shares of Shutterstock during the fourth quarter worth about $342,000. Finally, Folger Hill Asset Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Shutterstock during the fourth quarter worth about $376,000. 60.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Shares of Shutterstock, Inc. (SSTK) traded up 0.18% on Monday, hitting $44.90. The stock had a trading volume of 100,341 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $45.22 and a 200 day moving average of $46.17. Shutterstock, Inc. has a 12 month low of $39.66 and a 12 month high of $65.16. The stock has a market cap of $1.55 billion, a P/E ratio of 48.23 and a beta of 1.42. 


 Get Shutterstock Inc. alerts:



Shutterstock (NYSE:SSTK) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The business services provider reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.21. The business had revenue of $130.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $129.62 million. Shutterstock had a return on equity of 12.74% and a net margin of 6.52%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 11.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.36 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Shutterstock, Inc. will post $1.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Texas Permanent School Fund Sells 349 Shares of Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK)” was first posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/17/texas-permanent-school-fund-has-568000-stake-in-shutterstock-inc-sstk-updated.html. 
SSTK has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Shutterstock in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Shutterstock from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. TheStreet downgraded shares of Shutterstock from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Friday, July 7th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $50.00 target price on shares of Shutterstock in a report on Friday, April 21st. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $49.75.
Shutterstock Company Profile
Shutterstock, Inc (Shutterstock) is a global technology company that operates a two-sided marketplace for professionals to license content. The Company’s library of content includes digital imagery, which consists of licensed photographs, vectors, illustrations and video clips that customers use in their visual communications, such as Websites, digital and print marketing materials, corporate communications, books, publications and video content, and commercial music, which consists of music tracks and sound effects and which is often used to complement digital imagery. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Shutterstock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shutterstock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 










































































            Overview
        




SKIP TO PAGE CONTENT









The Texas General Land OfficeGeorge P. Bush, Commissioner
          




1.800.998.4GLO (4456)

  














Land Land Management

OverviewThe Texas Constitution of 1876 set aside half of Texas’ remaining public lands to establish a Permanent School Fund (PSF), to help finance public schools.

The GLO Manages 13 Million Acres Of State Land

Legislators intended for this land to be sold and the proceeds be deposited into the PSF. Deposits to the PSF would be an inexhaustible source of revenue because only interest income from the fund could be spent and would be apportioned among the state's public schools.
The Texas General Land Office manages state lands and mineral rights totaling 13 million acres. This includes vast properties in West Texas, Gulf Coast beaches and bays and all “submerged” lands 10.35 miles out into the Gulf of Mexico, as well as a variety of state agency acreage and timberlands in East Texas.
A primary responsibility of the Land Office is to lease these lands for the benefit of the Permanent School Fund, an endowment fund established in 1876 for the benefit of Texas public school education.
Leasing Texas
Leases are available for a variety of purposes, including oil and gas production, solar, wind and geothermal power, agricultural related activities, and commercial development.
Surveying the Land
Since the beginning of the Land Office, surveying has been a vital part of what we do.  Accurately measuring over 200,000 miles of boundaries takes a lot of work.
Common Sense Conservation
The GLO is committed to conserving and protecting State natural resources by monitoring the use of leased PSF land and allowing only recognized prudent practices to occur on those lands.
Land Sales
Instructions for purchasing State Owned Land
State Real Properties are properties owned by other state agencies. If the Governor determines a state property to be underutilized, the Texas General Land Office may then be called upon to sell that property. Typically, these properties must be sold in a public forum such as an auction, sealed bid sale or through a real estate agent. Direct sales may occur once the property has been offered to the general public. The properties listed on the Land Office website are available for direct purchase. All properties are sold differently and reviewed on a case-by-case basis.
Purchasing Instructions-Internal RE Portfolio
The internal real estate portfolio consists of mainly commercial real estate investments; however, it may have some additional miscellaneous real estate assets as well. Since the acquisition process for this portfolio contains numerous methods of marketing, their are no set procedures for the acquisition process.  Asset management will sale direct, thru brokers, or auctions. Certain real estate assets are listed for sale by brokers or marketed internally by staff.  There are certain assets that are not available for sale for various reasons. The most appropriate avenue for acquisitions of an internal portfolio real estate asset is to look on the Texas General Land Office web site and identify an asset that you are interested in and contact the associated marketing person. The marketing person or asset manager will explain the acquisition procedures for that particular asset.

 View State Land For Sale







STATE OF TEXAS
COMPACT WITH TEXANS
STATEWIDE SEARCH
POLICIES
TEXAS VETERANS PORTAL









                            Copyright 2017 | © The Texas General Land Office  1700 N. Congress Ave. Austin, TX 78701-1495 | PO Box 12873 Austin, TX 78711-2873  1.800.998.4GLO (4456) | 512.463.5001
                        











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















A Catalogs Comparative | Charleston Wrap


































































Shop Now
Need to register students?






 









Schools average a 30% increase in profits when switching to Charleston Wrap. 
 
What’s Great About Our School Catalog Fundraisers?

Each student receives BOTH fundraising catalogs
Over 300 quality kitchen & home gift products to choose from
Over 165 products are value priced at $15 or less
Over 80 styles of UltraHeavy™  High Quality Gift Wrap
All of our fundraising gift wrap rolls are reversible
Over 100 personalized fundraising products!

Get Your Free Fundraising Kit Here








3-D FOR ADDED FUN



GREAT FOR THE GRILL



PERSONALIZE IT!



FOR THE BAKER



Hurry! Program Space Limited!




Better Products. Better Fundraising.




.



  

Two Catalogs Are Better Than One.
More product for shoppers to get excited about (and buy!).  There is something for everyone!



  

39% More Wrap For the Same Price
Compare 40 sqft. at $8 of our exclusive designs, double-sided, UltraHeavy™ wrap versus our competitors average of 30 sqft. at $10.



  

100+ Popular Personalized Products.
More personalized products than other fundraisers-  photo gifts, embroidered monograms and even make your own gift wrap!



  

High Quality Kitchen & Home Products.
300+ unique and essential kitchen & home items.  Cookware, food storage, grilling utensils, great selection of bags.



  

Super Prize Programs Motivates Students
Student involvement is key- keep them motivated with our industry leading prize programs.




Get Your Free Fundraising Kit →
or Give us a call! (We're friendly!)
 +1 (800) 982-0293   


Get your “How-To” School Fundraising Kit

School or Organization Name*First Name*Last Name*Phone*Email*

School or Organization AddressCounty of School or OrganizationCityStatePlease Select...INTERNATIONALAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyomingArmed Forces AmericasArmed Forces EuropeArmed Forces PacificZip/Postal CodeCompany used for last fundraising campaign*Retail dollars earned from last fundraising campaign?*Approximately how many students?*How did you hear about us?*Please choose...Google SearchOther Internet SearchPostal MailCharleston Wrap RepresentativeEmailPTO Today Magazine/WebsiteConvention or EventPersonal ReferralFacebook/Social MediaOtherComments or questions?Please contact me by email or phone regarding the following programs:

Gift Catalog Programs


Internet Only Program


  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.









Testimonials





Mary E. Baker Elementary

Our PTA was very pleased with the customer service response from Charleston Wrap. We always felt fully supported during our fundraiser. Our fundraiser was well organized and ran very smoothly. The merchandise was of great quality and proved to be profitable for our school.




Arendell Parrott Academy

I enjoy having my own contact person at Charleston Wrap and can always expect an immediate answer. The customer service is invaluable!




Sharkey Issaquena Academy

The Charleston Wrap team went above and beyond, from beginning to end, to ensure that we were completely satisfied. With your company’s guidance, our distribution was quick and easy.I highly recommend your company and the products to anyone.






Why Charleston Wrap?







On average, schools see a 30% INCREASE in profit when they switch to Charleston Wrap.
100% satisfaction is guaranteed in product, customer service and support.
Millions of students and thousands of schools have benefited from our fundraising company!
Helping schools GROW since 1993

Our philosophy is simple; sell a quality fundraising product at a fair price in order to make the final consumer happy. Match that with a Customer Service Team that goes above and beyond, and you have a winning combination for the school, the parents and the end consumer!



















Campaign Choices▼Fall 2017 Combo Gift ProgramFall 2017 Single Gift ProgramFall 2017 Gourmet Food ProgramFall 2017 Online FundraiserPersonalized ProductsSpring 2017 Gift ProgramWhy Charleston WrapFundraising Resources▼School Fundraising ArticlesIncentive ProgramsKickoff VideosContact 











