

























TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 9,361 Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Mondelez International Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mondelez International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact RAIT Financial Trust (RAS) Stock Price
Karp Capital Management Corp Buys New Stake in LHC Group (NASDAQ:LHCG)
Medtronic PLC (NYSE:MDT) Position Increased by Olstein Capital Management L.P.
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Acquires 21,921 Shares of lululemon athletica inc. (LULU)
Network-1 Technologies (NTIP) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.08
Manulife Financial Corp (MFC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.27
Banco Santander, (SAN) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.19
TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 9,361 Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Buys New Stake in Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA)
Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW) Stake Increased by Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Boosts Position in HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HDS)
Sei Investments Co. Decreases Stake in ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS)
State Bank Financial Corporation. (NASDAQ:STBZ) Position Increased by Sei Investments Co.
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 10,827 Shares of Western Union Company (The) (NYSE:WU)
Pettyjohn Wood & White Inc. Purchases 10 Shares of United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE:UPS)
National Health Investors, Inc. (NHI) Position Increased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Summit Asset Management LLC Purchases Shares of 2,241 The Kraft Heinz Company (KHC)
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Stake Maintained by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL
Sei Investments Co. Purchases 297,277 Shares of Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY)
5,508 Shares in Astec Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:ASTE) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp


 


TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 9,361 Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 

TFS Capital LLC bought a new position in Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 9,361 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $403,000. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of MDLZ. Adirondack Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of Mondelez International by 2.0% in the first quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 2,330 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,000 after buying an additional 45 shares during the period. Sowell Financial Services LLC acquired a new stake in Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth approximately $136,000. LeJeune Puetz Investment Counsel LLC acquired a new stake in Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth approximately $146,000. Financial Architects Inc boosted its stake in Mondelez International by 2.6% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 3,752 shares of the company’s stock worth $162,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Exane Derivatives boosted its stake in Mondelez International by 1,509.1% in the first quarter. Exane Derivatives now owns 3,894 shares of the company’s stock worth $168,000 after buying an additional 3,652 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 76.10% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Mondelez International Inc. alerts:



Shares of Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $44.05. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,731,874 shares. Mondelez International, Inc. has a 52-week low of $40.50 and a 52-week high of $47.23. The company has a market cap of $66.84 billion, a PE ratio of 39.79 and a beta of 1.19. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $44.33 and a 200 day moving average price of $44.56. 




Mondelez International (NASDAQ:MDLZ) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $6.41 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.37 billion. Mondelez International had a return on equity of 11.58% and a net margin of 6.70%. Equities analysts expect that Mondelez International, Inc. will post $2.12 earnings per share for the current year. 
The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 13th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.72%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, June 28th. Mondelez International’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 68.47%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/27/9361-shares-in-mondelez-international-inc-nasdaqmdlz-acquired-by-tfs-capital-llc-updated-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on MDLZ shares. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded Mondelez International from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $49.00 to $52.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Mondelez International from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. TheStreet raised Mondelez International from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Mondelez International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $49.00 to $51.00 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 target price on shares of Mondelez International in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $49.92.
In related news, EVP Robin S. Hargrove sold 6,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.87, for a total value of $269,220.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 14,663 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $657,928.81. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Trian Fund Management, L.P. sold 1,731,410 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.71, for a total value of $77,411,341.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 3.60% of the company’s stock. 
About Mondelez International
Mondelez International, Inc is a snack company. The Company manufactures and markets snack food and beverage products for consumers. It operates through four segments: Latin America, Asia, Middle East, and Africa (AMEA), Europe and North America. As of December 31, 2016, its brands spanned five product categories: Biscuits (including cookies, crackers and salted snacks); Chocolate; Gum and candy; Beverages (including coffee and powdered beverages), and Cheese and grocery. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Mondelez International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondelez International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿






























Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for CA Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor CA Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Chairman Sells $1,781,400.00 in Stock
Broadcom Limited (AVGO) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd.
Laffer Investments Buys New Position in Enbridge Inc (ENB)
Northgate plc (NTG) Insider Acquires £21,400 in Stock
Godfrey Sullivan Sells 40,000 Shares of Splunk Inc. (SPLK) Stock
HighTower Advisors LLC Increases Position in Ply Gem Holdings, Inc. (PGEM)
HighTower Advisors LLC Invests $561,000 in HDFC Bank Limited (HDB)
WILLIAM HIL ADR (WIMHY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts
$0.15 Earnings Per Share Expected for Veeva Systems Inc. (VEEV) This Quarter
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Boosts Stake in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC)
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX) Shares Sold by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 5,881 Shares of NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)
72,662 Shares in HP Inc. (HPQ) Acquired by Rothschild Investment Corp IL
Mountain Pacific Investment Advisers Inc. ID Acquires 250 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST)
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (NYSE:TMO) to Release Earnings on Wednesday
athenahealth’s (ATHN) Market Perform Rating Reiterated at William Blair
Citigroup Inc. Trims Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) Target Price to $118.00
Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA)
Conestoga Capital Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT)
Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc. Buys 1,333 Shares of ConAgra Foods Inc. (NYSE:CAG)







Highland Capital Management LLC Takes Position in CA Inc. (CA)


					Posted by Chloe McGuire on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments




Highland Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in  CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 5,871 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $202,000. 
Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Country Club Trust Company n.a. increased its stake in  CA by 1.8% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 300,164 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $9,521,000 after buying an additional 5,361 shares in the last quarter.  First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services increased its stake in  CA by 18.2% in the first quarter. First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services now owns 62,163 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,972,000 after buying an additional 9,575 shares in the last quarter.  Creative Planning increased its stake in  CA by 43.9% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 5,989 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $190,000 after buying an additional 1,828 shares in the last quarter.  Hefty Wealth Partners increased its stake in  CA by 5,080.4% in the first quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 5,284 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 5,182 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Manning & Napier Advisors LLC increased its stake in  CA by 9.6% in the first quarter. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC now owns 81,859 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,595,000 after buying an additional 7,188 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  70.74% of the company’s stock. 


 Get CA Inc. alerts:



CA Inc. (NASDAQ CA) opened at 34.42 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $33.50 and its 200 day moving average is $32.46. The firm has a market cap of $14.38 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.61 and a beta of 0.87. CA Inc. has a 12 month low of $30.01 and a 12 month high of $36.54. 





CA (NASDAQ:CA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.54 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $996.59 million. CA had a return on equity of 17.15% and a net margin of 19.20%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.60 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts expect that  CA Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the sole property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/24/highland-capital-management-llc-takes-position-in-ca-inc-ca.html. 
Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of CA in a research note on Thursday, June 22nd. Citigroup Inc. boosted their target price on shares of CA from $34.00 to $36.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein  restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of CA in a research note on Wednesday, June 28th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of CA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of CA from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, July 1st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and five have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $35.10.
In other news, insider Ayman Sayed sold 30,194 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, June 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.62, for a total transaction of $1,075,510.28. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 168,455 shares in the company, valued at $6,000,367.10. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
CA Company Profile
CA, Inc (CA) is engaged in providing software solutions enabling customers to plan, develop, manage and secure applications and enterprise environments across distributed, cloud, mobile and mainframe platforms. The Company operates through three business segments: Mainframe Solutions, Enterprise Solutions and Services.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CA Inc. (NASDAQ:CA).







Receive News & Ratings for CA Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CA Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿





























HM Capital Management LLC Has $300,000 Position in Belden Inc (BDC) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Belden Inc

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Belden Inc with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

HM Capital Management LLC Has $300,000 Position in Belden Inc (BDC)
Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Has $5.26 Million Position in Western Digital Corporation (NASDAQ:WDC)
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New (NYSE:SIX) Shares Bought by Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC
Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Raises Position in Vanguard Extended Duration ETF (EDV)
Intuit Inc. (INTU) Position Increased by Cue Financial Group Inc.
Cue Financial Group Inc. Sells 2,000 Shares of Gladstone Investment Corporation (GAIN)
Moody’s Corporation (NYSE:MCO) Shares Sold by Cue Financial Group Inc.
Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect KMG Chemicals (KMG) Stock Price
Amdocs Limited (DOX) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds
KB Home (KBH) Given News Impact Rating of 0.04
Host Hotels & Resorts (HST) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.05
Liberty Global PLC (LBTYA) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.06
Skyworks Solutions (SWKS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Accern Reports
BlackRock Capital Investment Corporation (BKCC) Position Raised by Cue Financial Group Inc.
Parsley Energy, Inc. (NYSE:PE) Shares Bought by Cue Financial Group Inc.
Stilwell Value LLC Acquires Shares of 707,863 Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc. (WHLR)
Jacksonville Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:JXSB) Stake Maintained by Stilwell Value LLC
1,333,333 Shares in First South Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:FSBK) Acquired by Stilwell Value LLC
Stilwell Value LLC Has $1,887,000 Position in Home Federal Bancorp, Inc. of Louisiana (HFBL)
Vulcan Materials Company (NYSE:VMC) Position Lowered by Kinsight LLC







HM Capital Management LLC Has $300,000 Position in Belden Inc (BDC)


					Posted by Harper Lund on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments




HM Capital Management LLC continued to hold its stake in shares of  Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 3,972 shares of the industrial products company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. HM Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Belden were worth $300,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of BDC. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in  Belden during the fourth quarter valued at about $105,000.  James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new stake in  Belden during the first quarter valued at about $130,000.  Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd raised its stake in  Belden by 799.6% in the first quarter. Point72 Asia Hong Kong Ltd now owns 2,060 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 1,831 shares during the last quarter.  Greenwood Capital Associates LLC raised its stake in  Belden by 5.3% in the first quarter. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC now owns 2,975 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 149 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Oakbrook Investments LLC acquired a new stake in  Belden during the first quarter valued at about $208,000. 


 Get Belden Inc alerts:



Shares of Belden Inc (BDC) traded down 3.30% on Wednesday, reaching $74.80. 66,845 shares of the company traded hands. Belden Inc has a 52-week low of $60.06 and a 52-week high of $81.33. The stock has a market cap of $3.16 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.14 and a beta of 2.30. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $75.45 and a 200 day moving average of $72.75. 





Belden (NYSE:BDC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $551.40 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $551.14 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.80% and a return on equity of 18.25%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.01 earnings per share.  On average, analysts expect that  Belden Inc will post $5.27 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were paid a $0.05 dividend. This represents a $0.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.26%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, June 13th. Belden’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 7.55%. 
Belden announced that its Board of Directors has approved a share repurchase plan on Thursday, May 25th that permits the company to repurchase $200.00 million in    shares. This repurchase authorization permits the industrial products company to buy up to 6.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase plans are typically an indication that the company’s board of directors believes its stock is undervalued. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “HM Capital Management LLC Has $300,000 Position in Belden Inc (BDC)” was  posted by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/26/hm-capital-management-llc-has-300000-position-in-belden-inc-bdc.html. 
Several research firms recently issued reports on BDC. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) began coverage on shares of Belden in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $93.00 price objective for the company. Guggenheim began coverage on shares of Belden in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $90.00 price objective for the company. CL King began coverage on shares of Belden in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating for the company. ValuEngine lowered shares of Belden from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 20th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Belden from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $86.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $83.78.
Belden Company Profile
Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC).







Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 













































TFS Capital LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



































tfs capital llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
TFS Capital LLC is a hedge fund manager. The Company provides portfolio management and investment supervisory services to pooled investment vehicles and investment companies.




Corporate Information
Address:

1800 Bayberry Court
Suite 103
Richmond, VA 23226
United States


Phone:
1-888-837-4446


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.tfscapital.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Gregory Sekelsky "Greg"


Chief Financial Officer




Mark Schlegel


Chief Operating Officer




Eric Newman


Chief Investment Officer




Mary Ziegler


Chief Compliance Officer




Sam Harris


Dir:Client Relations




Thomas Michael Frederick


Dir:Business Development




Steven Soles "Steve"


General Counsel




Chen Chao


Co-Portfolio Manager




Yan Liu


Co-Portfolio Manager




Larry S Eiben


Co-Portfolio Manager




Richard J Gates "Rich"


Co-Portfolio Manager/Co-Owner




Steve Oblack


Head:Distribution



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











TFS CAPITAL LLC - MANHATTAN BEACH, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



MANHATTAN BEACH



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            TFS CAPITAL LLC
                                    



 





















T 


TFS CAPITAL LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2201 CREST DR MANHATTAN BEACH, CA 90266
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $180,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts THOMAS F STAZ







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Tfs Capital Llc was founded in 2001. Tfs Capital Llc specializes in Investors, Nec. Tfs Capital Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $180,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














TFS CapitalTFS CapitalTFS Capital LLC is an investment advisory company founded in 1997.Hey financial media: Stop ignoring dividends!Hey financial media: Stop ignoring dividends!I want to share an investment tactic I’ve been reading a lot about lately. Actually, I’ve been reading about it for years, but it’s caught…Eric NewmanJul 26One Simple Way to Deceptively Beat the MarketOne Simple Way to Deceptively Beat the MarketYou may have heard that Fortune is teaming up with Barclays to create an investable index to track the Fortune 500 list. Until now, Fortune…Eric NewmanJun 304 times 5% is … I have no idea4 times 5% is … I have no ideaBig leverage and big lossesEric NewmanMay 24Designing a bizarre Closed-End FundDesigning a bizarre Closed-End FundHow the hunt for yield is hurting investorsEric NewmanMay 3Stocks for the next 10 years … from 10 years agoStocks for the next 10 years … from 10 years agoI was sorting though some of my dad’s papers, and came across this article: “The Ten Stocks for the Next Ten Years.” It’s from April 2007…Eric NewmanApr 18There’s optimism, and then there are small cap earnings estimatesThere’s optimism, and then there are small cap earnings estimatesHere is a graph of the analyst consensus estimate for Earnings Per Share on the Russell 2000 for the current fiscal year. (Don’t worry — I…Eric NewmanApr 7Overfit data … in a financial quiz?Overfit data … in a financial quiz?Earlier this month, Fidelity published the results of a study they conducted on financial literacy. I’ll link to it later, but for now it…Eric NewmanMar 29About TFS CapitalLatest StoriesArchiveAbout MediumTermsPrivacy



















Mutual Funds - TFS Capital




























TFS Capital






	Fund Information	

Home
Mutual Funds

TFS Market Neutral Fund
TFS Small Cap Fund
TFS Hedged Futures Fund


Hedge Funds
FAQs
 
Fund Information





View Fund Literature
Statutory Prospectus, Summary Prospectus, Statement of Additional Information, Annual Report, and Semi-Annual Report

The Proxy Voting Record is available upon request.

Historical Daily NAVs



 
Mutual Funds
TFS Capital LLC serves as portfolio manager to the TFS Market Neutral Fund, the TFS Small Cap Fund and the TFS Hedged Futures Fund. All three mutual funds are registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. Please click on the appropriate link for details on each fund.
In its management of these funds, TFS is an industry leader when it comes to fulfilling its fiduciary duties and mitigating potential conflicts of interest. For more details on our leading policies and procedures please refer to the Guiding Principles section of this web site.



Fund Name
Investment Style
Ticker
Inception Date
Objective


TFS Market Neutral Fund
Long/Short Equity
tfsmx

							9/7/2004						
To produce capital appreciation while having a low correlation to the U.S. Equity Market.



TFS Small Cap Fund
Small Cap Blend
tfssx

							3/7/2006						
To outperform the Russell 2000 Index.



TFS Hedged Futures Fund
Managed Futures
tfshx

							12/29/2011						
To produce
long-term capital appreciation.




An investor should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund carefully before investing. To obtain a summary prospectus and/or prospectus, which each contain this and other important information, go to www.TFSCapital.com or call (888) 534-2001. Please read the summary prospectus and/or prospectus carefully before investing. The Fund may not be suitable for all investors. Distributed by Ultimus Fund Distributors, LLC.





Important Notice
You are about to leave the TFS Funds website and are being redirected to the TFS Capital blog.

OK
Cancel

The views and opinions expressed on the Blog are solely those of the author as of the date posted.











 





















Benefits - TFS Capital





























TFS Capital




 

		Careers		

Home
Our Culture
Current Openings
Benefits

 
Benefits
As a small and rapidly growing organization, the greatest benefit TFS Capital can offer an employee is exceptional career growth opportunities as described in our culture. In addition to that benefit, TFS Capital provides more traditional benefits that are comparable to a much larger organization. Benefits may include the following:

Health and dental insurance options
Life insurance
Long-term disability insurance
Flexible spending medical account
A profit-sharing retirement savings plan
Attractive vacation schedule with flexibility around federal holidays
Paid personal days
Casual dress policy
After-hours meal reimbursement
Discounts at local athletics facilities
If qualified, no-fee investment opportunities in TFS-managed private funds

 
*Please note that benefits are subject to change and may vary by employee. Presently TFS Capital pays a portion of health and dental insurance. Employees are generally eligible for the TFS profit-sharing-plan after two years of employment.





Important Notice
You are about to leave the TFS Funds website and are being redirected to the TFS Capital blog.

OK
Cancel

The views and opinions expressed on the Blog are solely those of the author as of the date posted.











 





















Guiding Principles - TFS Capital





























TFS Capital




 

		About TFS Capital		

Home
Firm Overview
Firm Leadership
Guiding Principles
Investment Philosophy
TFS In The News
Press Releases

 

 Our Mission
To manage superior investment products that improve client portfolios while establishing ethical and fiduciary standards that promote the positive evolution of the portfolio management industry through fair competition and by mitigating conflicts of interest.

Guiding Principles
Create Valuable Products
TFS will only launch and manage funds that we believe add value to investment portfolios. TFS does not create products based on potential asset flow. Instead, we would manage only products that we think are valuable – ones we would put our own money into and would want our friends and family members to invest in as well.
Align Interests With Investors
TFS is a firm believer in the benefit of its owners and portfolio managers investing in the funds that the firm manages since it provides the clearest indication that our interest is directly aligned with that of our investors. Each portfolio manager has a meaningful allocation to all of our TFS products.
Build Trust Through Integrity and Higher Fiduciary Standards
Customer trust is the most critical element to the success of our business and, consequently, we embrace the fiduciary responsibility we have to our clients. This philosophy is apparent in all aspects of the organization where TFS seeks to be an industry leader by setting standards that are more stringent than required by law. For example, the mutual funds managed by TFS adopted a policy of maintaining a majority of independent board members before this practice became an industry standard. As another example, TFS greatly restricts personal trading by employees and requires that any employee trades are pre-cleared by the firm’s Chief Compliance Officer.
Educate Through Clear Disclosures and Fee Transparency
In an industry wrought with hidden agendas and poor disclosure, TFS has nothing to hide. Our disclosure documents are written to facilitate client understanding because we believe the key to building a long-term relationship is to establish a good product fit from the start. The funds managed by TFS do not charge any type of sales loads. TFS discourages these fees and believes that they are a threat to the interests of investors and also inhibit progress in the fund industry by allowing inferior products to survive. In addition, TFS does not participate in soft-dollar arrangements with brokerage firms. Although these arrangements are legal and accepted by many of our competitors, TFS believes they do not allow investors to fully understand the costs of owning a mutual fund. Lastly, TFS seeks best execution on behalf of its fund clients.
Invest Heavily in Research & Development
Given the increasingly competitive landscape in the financial services industry, TFS knows that ongoing research and development is critical to our continued success. TFS will continue to invest heavily each year in ongoing strategy research.





Important Notice
You are about to leave the TFS Funds website and are being redirected to the TFS Capital blog.

OK
Cancel

The views and opinions expressed on the Blog are solely those of the author as of the date posted.











 





















Investment Philosophy - TFS Capital





























TFS Capital




 

		About TFS Capital		

Home
Firm Overview
Firm Leadership
Guiding Principles
Investment Philosophy
TFS In The News
Press Releases

 

 Our Edge
We believe there are many factors that give us a competitive advantage over other managers. TFS utilizes a team approach, which we believe greatly reduces the chance of irrational decision-making and limits dependence on a single individual. We also have a stated principle to limit growth because we believe that managing a smaller pool of capital generally permits more attractive investment opportunities.
We believe that our innovative quantitative techniques expedite our evaluation of securities, which allows us to make faster adjustments to the portfolios being managed. Finally, our portfolio managers do not have traditional “Wall Street” backgrounds, which we believe helps us to avoid overused analysis methods that may be losing their utility.

Investment Philosophy
Avoid the Status Quo
TFS has found that the best opportunities exist where others do not think to look. As such, the firm seeks to employ creative portfolio managers with non-traditional backgrounds in an effort to avoid the pitfalls of relying on pre-conceived notions about what factors drive the securities markets.
Ignore the Style Boxes
TFS believes the best results are generated when a portfolio manager is given greater freedom in regard to the securities that may be chosen. As such, with many of our products, we do not allow ourselves to be confined to a single style, sector or market capitalization range. Rather, TFS considers a broad universe of securities and selects positions based upon a detailed bottom-up analysis.
Use an Academic Approach to Strategy Research
TFS manages funds using its own proprietary investment strategies that are developed by an experienced team of portfolio managers. Similar to academic research, a candidate strategy must be supported by a solid foundation of qualitative research and must also, through trading simulations, empirically demonstrate an ability to produce positive abnormal return.
Perform Rigorous Quantitative Analysis
TFS gains an edge through its exhaustive quantitative analysis of potential investment strategies. Upon developing a potential investment strategy, TFS will perform a trading simulation of the strategy using actual historical data for the securities used. Through the simulation, TFS is able to quantify whether or not certain factors have historically been predictive of security price movement.
Embrace Technology
With the abundance of information that is available on the markets today, it is critical to leverage the power of information technology for trade-execution and ongoing research and development. As such, we are committed to incorporating technology in all aspects of our portfolio management process. For example, trades are executed using electronic routing technologies that are designed to obtain favorable executions. In addition, we use sophisticated optimization and analysis software, along with proprietary computer programming, to evaluate strategies and monitor risk.
Strategically Manage Risk
When managing investment funds, our first consideration is capital preservation because we believe it is the most significant factor in generating enhanced long-term performance. Our entire portfolio management process is directed by a team of managers, thereby reducing dependence on a single manager and facilitating rational decision-making. This team establishes parameters for strategy implementation that are designed to mitigate exposure to certain risks. Parameters are then monitored on an ongoing basis to ensure that certain thresholds are not compromised.





Important Notice
You are about to leave the TFS Funds website and are being redirected to the TFS Capital blog.

OK
Cancel

The views and opinions expressed on the Blog are solely those of the author as of the date posted.











 





















TFS Capital | Registered Investment Advisor
































TFS Capital




 





Portfolio Manager, Rich Gates, featured in Michael Lewis’s Flash Boys
Rich Gates and the team at TFS may have helped to uncover potential trading issues among brokerage dark pools and exchanges.

Read More






Not all of us enjoy the ride.
Review our fund performance to see if our alternative funds may have helped reduce your portfolio’s volatility.

Our Funds






We eat our own cooking.
Each portfolio manager has a meaningful allocation to all of our TFS products.

Our Guiding Principles








In The News

02.02.2017
Quarterly Commentary and Fund Fact Sheets
4th Quarter 2016 commentary and fact sheets for the TFS Funds.


01.06.2017
2016 Estimated Year-end Distributions

More News


Not all of usenjoy the ride.


Review our fund performance to see if our alternative funds may have helped reduce your portfolio’s volatility.
Our Funds



Mutual Fund NAV Tracker
As of 7/28/2017



Fund
NAV
Change


TFSMX
$14.16
-0.49%


TFSSX
$14.39
-0.35%


TFSHX
$10.68
-0.37%



Sign-Up for Performance Updates





Important Notice
You are about to leave the TFS Funds website and are being redirected to the TFS Capital blog.

OK
Cancel

The views and opinions expressed on the Blog are solely those of the author as of the date posted.











 

