




























Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Buys 6,960 Shares of Kennametal Inc. (NYSE:KMT) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Kennametal Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Kennametal Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Announces  Earnings Results
Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Adient PLC (ADNT) Announces  Earnings Results
PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Lowered to Neutral at Mizuho
Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. (FET) Downgraded by Capital One Financial Corporation to “Equal Weight”
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates Buy Rating for Hershey Company (The) (HSY)
Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Earns Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity
AXT Inc (AXTI) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
Under Armour, Inc. to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.23 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (NYSE:UAA)
Bank of Hawaii Corporation Expected to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $1.05 Per Share (NYSE:BOH)
Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Capella Education Company’s Q4 2017 Earnings (NASDAQ:CPLA)
McGraw Hill Financial (NASDAQ:MHFI) vs. RMG Networks Holding Corporation (RMGN) Financial Analysis
CME Group (CME) versus CBOE Holdings (NASDAQ:CBOE) Head to Head Analysis
Reviewing MEDIFAST INC (MED) & Nutraceutical International Corporation (NASDAQ:NUTR)
Critical Contrast: Northfield Bancorp (NFBK) vs. Beneficial Bancorp (NASDAQ:BNCL)
Eaton Corporation, PLC (ETN) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages
Aquinox Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:AQXP) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Brooks Macdonald Group plc (BRK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages
Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes
LifePlan Financial Group Inc Decreases Position in iShares Barclays 20+ Yr Treas.Bond (TLT)



 


Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Buys 6,960 Shares of Kennametal Inc. (NYSE:KMT)

					Posted by Anthony Sawyer on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Moody Aldrich Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of  Kennametal Inc. (NYSE:KMT) by 31.4% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 29,095 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 6,960 shares during the period. Kennametal accounts for about  1.4% of Moody Aldrich Partners LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Moody Aldrich Partners LLC’s holdings in Kennametal were worth $1,089,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Ledyard National Bank bought a new position in shares of  Kennametal during the first quarter valued at about $120,000.  CIBC World Markets Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Kennametal during the first quarter valued at about $218,000.  Capstone Asset Management Co. bought a new position in shares of  Kennametal during the first quarter valued at about $230,000.  Oakbrook Investments LLC boosted its position in shares of  Kennametal by 2.6% in the second quarter. Oakbrook Investments LLC now owns 5,950 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $223,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Moller Financial Services bought a new position in shares of  Kennametal during the first quarter valued at about $235,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  97.11% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Kennametal Inc. alerts:



Kennametal Inc. (NYSE KMT) traded down 1.50% on Friday, reaching $37.37. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 594,393 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $38.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $38.23. The company’s market capitalization is $3.01 billion. Kennametal Inc. has a 52 week low of $24.01 and a 52 week high of $43.09. 




Kennametal (NYSE:KMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.16. Kennametal had a negative net margin of 2.09% and a positive return on equity of 11.59%. The firm had revenue of $528.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $511.79 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.37 EPS. Kennametal’s revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts predict that  Kennametal Inc. will post $1.59 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Buys 6,960 Shares of Kennametal Inc. (NYSE:KMT)” was  reported by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/moody-aldrich-partners-llc-buys-6960-shares-of-kennametal-inc-nysekmt.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. BidaskClub cut Kennametal from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday. BMO Capital Markets boosted their target price on Kennametal from $40.00 to $45.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research cut Kennametal from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 target price on shares of Kennametal in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on Kennametal from $38.00 to $44.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $39.33.
In related news, Director Philip A. Dur sold 7,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, June 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.01, for a total value of $280,070.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 22,024 shares in the company, valued at approximately $881,180.24. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own  3.00% of the company’s stock. 
About Kennametal
Kennametal Inc is a supplier of tooling, engineered components and materials consumed in production processes. The Company operates through two segments: Industrial and Infrastructure. The Industrial segment generally serves customers that operate in industrial end markets, such as transportation, general engineering, aerospace and defense.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kennametal Inc. (NYSE:KMT).







Receive News & Ratings for Kennametal Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kennametal Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Adient PLC  Announces  Earnings Results





Eclipse Resources Corporation  Downgraded by BidaskClub





American Airlines Group, Inc.  Announces  Earnings Results





Credit Suisse Group Reiterates Buy Rating for Hershey Company  





Forum Energy Technologies, Inc.  Downgraded by Capital One Financial Corporation to “Equal Weight”





PetroChina Company Limited  Lowered to Neutral at Mizuho






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿
























Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Stake Held by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Enterprise Products Partners L.P.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Enterprise Products Partners L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Thrivent Financial For Lutherans Increases Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV)
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Stake Held by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC
SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Shares Bought by Thrivent Financial For Lutherans
Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Shares Bought by Loomis Sayles & Co. L P
Hugo Boss AG (ETR:BOSS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts
Croda International Plc (LON:CRDA) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts
Meiji Yasuda Asset Management Co Ltd. Has $3.91 Million Position in Monsanto Company (MON)
Abercrombie & Fitch Company (NYSE:ANF) Sets New 1-Year Low on Analyst Downgrade
VALE S.A. (VALE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cowen and Company
Penn National Gaming, Inc. (PENN) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus
CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus
Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) Given “Buy” Rating at Stifel Nicolaus
Tabula Rasa Healthcare Inc. (TRHC) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus
Coca-Cola Company (The)’s (KO) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co. Has $503,000 Position in O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (NASDAQ:ORLY)
Novo Nordisk A/S (NVO) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Finds
Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (NASDAQ:JAZZ) Stock Rating Lowered by Mizuho
Harmonic Inc. (NASDAQ:HLIT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Guidance Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:GUID) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:JUNO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research


 


Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Stake Held by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC

Posted by Stefani Robinson on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

Chartwell Investment Partners LLC held its stake in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 100,000 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Chartwell Investment Partners LLC’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $2,761,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of EPD. Fifth Third Bancorp boosted its stake in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 6.7% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 84,539 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $2,334,000 after buying an additional 5,320 shares in the last quarter. Marco Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.7% in the first quarter. Marco Investment Management LLC now owns 308,790 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $8,526,000 after buying an additional 5,235 shares in the last quarter. Wexford Capital LP boosted its stake in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 41.7% in the first quarter. Wexford Capital LP now owns 3,048,148 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $84,159,000 after buying an additional 896,553 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 14.2% in the first quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 338,100 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $9,335,000 after buying an additional 42,094 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC boosted its stake in shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 2.6% in the first quarter. Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC now owns 642,817 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $17,748,000 after buying an additional 16,030 shares in the last quarter. 38.54% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 




Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) opened at 27.19 on Friday. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a one year low of $24.01 and a one year high of $30.25. The firm has a market cap of $58.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.02 and a beta of 0.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $27.00 and its 200 day moving average is $27.50. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. also was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Tuesday. Investors acquired 21,588 call options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 900% compared to the typical daily volume of 2,159 call options.


 Get Enterprise Products Partners L.P. alerts:



Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $7.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.05 billion. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a net margin of 10.31% and a return on equity of 11.73%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 46.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.33 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.41 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, August 7th. Investors of record on Monday, July 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.42 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, July 27th. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 6.18%. This is a positive change from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s payout ratio is presently 133.87%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Stake Held by Chartwell Investment Partners LLC” was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/chartwell-investment-partners-llc-maintains-position-in-enterprise-products-partners-l-p-epd-updated.html. 
Several brokerages recently weighed in on EPD. Scotiabank set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, July 21st. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research report on Friday, July 14th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. BidaskClub raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price target for the company from $26.37 to $26.50 in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seventeen have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $32.05.
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Enterprise) is a provider of midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals and refined products in North America. The Company’s segments include NGL Pipelines & Services; Crude Oil Pipelines & Services; Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

























Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Has $1.05 Million Position in Albany International Corporation (AIN) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Albany International Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Albany International Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Sanford Fitch Sells 6,000 Shares of Masimo Corporation (MASI) Stock
Puma Biotechnology Inc (PBYI) SVP Richard Paul Bryce Sells 5,000 Shares
Essex Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ESS) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research
Synnex Corporation (NYSE:SNX) Receives $126.00 Consensus Price Target from Analysts
ResMed Inc. (RMD) Insider James Hollingshead Sells 7,140 Shares
Insider Selling: Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) CFO Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock
Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus
Intact Financial Co. (IFC) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Insider Buying: Provident Financial plc (LON:PFG) Insider Buys 9 Shares of Stock
Insider Buying: Saga PLC (SAGA) Insider Purchases 146 Shares of Stock
F Thomson Leighton Acquires 19,817 Shares of Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM) Stock
Insider Selling: United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) CEO Sells 1,238 Shares of Stock
Capital One National Association Cuts Stake in Polaris Industries Inc. (NYSE:PII)
Mangrove Partners Fund (Cayman Sells 179,828 Shares of SunCoke Energy, Inc. (SXC) Stock
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $6.86 Per Share
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus
Brokerages Anticipate The Spectranetics Corporation (NASDAQ:SPNC) to Announce -$0.27 Earnings Per Share
Renaissance Technologies LLC Decreases Stake in Devon Energy Corporation (DVN)
Celanese Corporation (NYSE:CE) Position Increased by Morgan Stanley
Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV) Position Cut by UBS Group AG


 


Moody Aldrich Partners LLC Has $1.05 Million Position in Albany International Corporation (AIN)

Posted by David Goldstein on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 

Moody Aldrich Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN) by 37.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 19,720 shares of the textile maker’s stock after buying an additional 5,390 shares during the period. Moody Aldrich Partners LLC owned about 0.06% of Albany International Corporation worth $1,053,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its position in shares of Albany International Corporation by 1.9% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 3,190 shares of the textile maker’s stock valued at $146,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Albany International Corporation by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,661 shares of the textile maker’s stock valued at $170,000 after buying an additional 61 shares during the last quarter. Arizona State Retirement System boosted its stake in Albany International Corporation by 0.7% in the first quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 15,014 shares of the textile maker’s stock valued at $691,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in Albany International Corporation by 1.7% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 11,800 shares of the textile maker’s stock valued at $543,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. boosted its stake in Albany International Corporation by 6.7% in the first quarter. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. now owns 6,152 shares of the textile maker’s stock valued at $283,000 after buying an additional 384 shares during the last quarter. 88.21% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Albany International Corporation (AIN) traded up 0.46% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $54.20. 64,535 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $52.98 and its 200 day moving average price is $48.32. Albany International Corporation has a 12 month low of $37.00 and a 12 month high of $55.15. The firm has a market cap of $1.74 billion, a PE ratio of 34.77 and a beta of 1.73. 


 Get Albany International Corporation alerts:



The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 10th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 7th were given a dividend of $0.17 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, June 5th. This represents a $0.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.26%. Albany International Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.59%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/28/moody-aldrich-partners-llc-has-1-05-million-position-in-albany-international-corporation-ain.html. 
Separately, BidaskClub upgraded shares of Albany International Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, July 1st.
About Albany International Corporation
Albany International Corp. is focused on textiles and materials processing business. The Company operates through two segments: Machine Clothing and Albany Engineered Composites. The Company’s Machine Clothing segment supplies permeable and impermeable belts used in the manufacture of paper, paperboard, nonwovens, fiber cement and various other industrial applications. 
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AIN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Albany International Corporation (NYSE:AIN).

 
Receive News & Ratings for Albany International Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Albany International Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























July 28th Options Now Available For Enterprise Products Partners (EPD) - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































July 28th Options Now Available For Enterprise Products Partners (EPD)


June 08, 2017, 10:45:41 AM EDT
By DividendChannel.com, BNK Invest









































Shutterstock photo


Investors in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (Symbol: EPD) saw new options become available today, for the July 28th expiration. At Stock Options Channel  , our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the EPD options chain for the new July 28th contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.    The put contract at the $26.00 strike price has a current bid of 20 cents. If an investor was to sell-to-open that put contract, they are committing to purchase the stock at $26.00, but will also collect the premium, putting the cost basis of the shares at $25.80 (before broker commissions). To an investor already interested in purchasing shares of EPD, that could represent an attractive alternative to paying $26.91/share today. Because the $26.00 strike represents an approximate 3% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 63%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 0.77% return on the cash commitment, or 5.62% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .    Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Enterprise Products Partners L.P., and highlighting in green where the $26.00 strike is located relative to that history:       Turning to the calls side of the option chain, the call contract at the $28.00 strike price has a current bid of 10 cents. If an investor was to purchase shares of EPD stock at the current price level of $26.91/share, and then sell-to-open that call contract as a "covered call," they are committing to sell the stock at $28.00. Considering the call seller will also collect the premium, that would drive a total return (excluding dividends, if any) of 4.42% if the stock gets called away at the July 28th expiration (before broker commissions). Of course, a lot of upside could potentially be left on the table if EPD shares really soar, which is why looking at the trailing twelve month trading history for Enterprise Products Partners L.P., as well as studying the business fundamentals becomes important. Below is a chart showing EPD's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $28.00 strike highlighted in red:    Considering the fact that the $28.00 strike represents an approximate 4% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 68%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 0.37% boost of extra return to the investor, or 2.71% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .    The implied volatility in the put contract example is 28%, while the implied volatility in the call contract example is 24%. Meanwhile, we calculate the actual trailing twelve month volatility (considering the last 252 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $26.91) to be 19%. For more put and call options contract ideas worth looking at, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Top YieldBoost Calls of the MLPs » 



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Options
















More from BNK Invest



Subscribe




10 Cheap Dividend Stocks Under $10
10 ETFs With Stocks That Insiders Are Buying
Top Ten Highest Yielding Preferred Stocks














Related Options Articles




Subscribe







Dow Jones Industrial Average Posts Weekly Win; Amazon Weighs on Nasdaq


						7/28/2017 04:31 PM
					



Neenah Paper Shares Cross Below 200 DMA


						7/28/2017 04:08 PM
					



CVS Makes Bullish Cross Above Critical Moving Average


						7/28/2017 03:56 PM
					














Contributor:BNK Invest
Market News, Investing



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





EPD








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











28th Street Partners LLC                                                                                                 - Rogers                                            , AR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AR



Rogers



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Agents And Managers



                            28th Street Partners LLC
                                    



 





















2 


28th Street Partners LLC                                                                                                
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6 W HUNTINGTON PL ROGERS, AR 72758
Get Directions



(479) 636-9213
 





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $170,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Real Estate Agents And Managers
 Contacts Lewis Yarborough                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


28th Street Partners Llc                                                                                                 is located at 6 W Huntington Pl in Rogers and has been in the business of Real Estate Agents And Managers since 2001. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







2

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















	Contact : Benenson Capital Partners




















News
Contact
E-Brochure









Toggle navigation








About Us

Core Values
History
Team


Core Values
History
Team
Capabilities
Investment Approach
Strategic Relationships
Properties
News
Contact









CONTACT
GENERAL

                    708 Third Avenue, 28th Floor
                    New York, NY 10017
                    Phone: 212.867.0990
                    Fax: 212.983.1952
inquiries@benensoncapital.com 

LEASING

                    708 Third Avenue, 29th Floor
                    New York, NY 10017
                    Phone: 212.716.9080
gsedoruk@benensoncapital.com

MANAGEMENT

                    708 Third Avenue, 28th Floor
                    New York, NY 10017
                    Phone: 212-867-0990
gsedoruk@benensoncapital.com















Legal
Credits


                        The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Benenson Capital Partners and while we endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Benenson Capital Partners. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Benenson Capital Partners takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
                    

                        Website by SMMC: Sun & Moon Marketing
                    






















﻿



























Lakeview Capital Partners LLC Sells 28 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Lakeview Capital Partners LLC Sells 28 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW)
Daimler AG (DAI) PT Set at €85.00 by UBS AG
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Sells 1,929 Shares of CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ)
Credit Suisse AG Reduces Stake in Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HCSG)
Credit Suisse AG Has $74.09 Million Stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The) (BK)
ManpowerGroup (NYSE:MAN) Stake Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp ET AL
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Sells 2,324 Shares of Gibraltar Industries, Inc. (ROCK)
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Reduces Position in CSX Corporation (NASDAQ:CSX)
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1.09 Million Position in Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS)
Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $1.06 Million Position in Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI)
GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (ETR:G1A) PT Set at €40.00 by Commerzbank Ag
Xylem Inc. (XYL) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC
Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Cut by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY
Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Decreased by BP Capital Fund Advisors LLC
Fiduciary Trust Co. Purchases 90 Shares of Corning Incorporated (NYSE:GLW)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Cuts Stake in Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK)
Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Maintains Position in CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (NYSE:CBL)
Bank of Montreal Can Buys 93,966 Shares of Cemex S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:CX)
Bank of Montreal Can Has $7.82 Million Stake in Teradata Corporation (TDC)
Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALXN) Shares Gap Up  on Earnings Beat



 


Lakeview Capital Partners LLC Sells 28 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW)

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Lakeview Capital Partners LLC lowered its stake in shares of  Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) by 1.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 2,099 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 28 shares during the period. Lakeview Capital Partners LLC’s holdings in Illinois Tool Works were worth $278,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 3.2% in the first quarter. Manning & Napier Advisors LLC now owns 62,172 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $8,235,000 after buying an additional 1,912 shares during the period.  CENTRAL TRUST Co boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 6.5% in the first quarter. CENTRAL TRUST Co now owns 6,741 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $893,000 after buying an additional 410 shares during the period.  Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 1.3% in the first quarter. Pioneer Trust Bank N A OR now owns 20,855 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,762,000 after buying an additional 275 shares during the period.  Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 1.6% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 270,960 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $35,894,000 after buying an additional 4,367 shares during the period.  Finally, Moreno Evelyn V boosted its position in shares of  Illinois Tool Works by 14.4% in the first quarter. Moreno Evelyn V now owns 55,635 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $7,370,000 after buying an additional 7,000 shares during the period. 75.51% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) opened at 140.82 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $48.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.66 and a beta of 1.12. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $145.44 and its 200-day moving average price is $136.11. Illinois Tool Works Inc. has a 52 week low of $111.50 and a 52 week high of $150.29. 




Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last released its earnings results on Monday, July 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.66 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $3.60 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.61 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a return on equity of 46.57% and a net margin of 15.50%. The firm’s revenue was up 4.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.46 earnings per share.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Illinois Tool Works Inc. will post $6.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.85%. Illinois Tool Works’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 42.07%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first  posted by Week Herald and is owned by of Week Herald. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/28/lakeview-capital-partners-llc-sells-28-shares-of-illinois-tool-works-inc-nyseitw.html. 
Several research analysts recently commented on the company. BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $160.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Thursday, July 20th. Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and issued a $140.00 price objective (up from $136.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised Illinois Tool Works from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $163.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. BidaskClub cut Illinois Tool Works from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 24th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $147.00 price objective on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $153.08.
In related news, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, June 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total value of $1,703,280.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 23,839 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,455,701.44. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Christopher A. O’herlihy sold 36,467 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, June 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $144.00, for a total value of $5,251,248.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 55,878 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,046,432. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 201,961 shares of company stock worth $28,311,650. 0.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
About Illinois Tool Works
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ITW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW).







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Lakeview Capital Partners LLC Sells 28 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. 





Daimler AG  PT Set at €85.00 by UBS AG





Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Sells 1,929 Shares of CBIZ, Inc. 





ManpowerGroup  Stake Lowered by Tudor Investment Corp ET AL





Credit Suisse AG Has $74.09 Million Stake in Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation  





Credit Suisse AG Reduces Stake in Healthcare Services Group, Inc. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































