
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017







Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC - Other Real Estate- Thakkar  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    6850 Tpc Drive Suite 108 
    Mc Kinney, TX, 75070-3165Phone: (469) 828-0829 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-15


New


$528,500


$528,500


Equity Only


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Saumil Thakkar 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC  Funding details


Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC Industry: Other Real EstateCIK Number: 0001691096IRS Number: 813032558Address: 6850 TPC DRIVE, SUITE 108  MCKINNEY 75070Phone number: (469) 828-0829



Latest news
Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC raised $528,500 from 12 investors on 2016-12-15.



Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-15New Form D$20,000,000$528,500$19,471,500$40,0001206c[SEC Filing]
Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC raised $528,500 in total.



Directors and Executives of Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC
Key People in Thakkar Development Group Phase 2, LLC:

Saumil Thakkar








Last visited companies: HABROK FUND LP, HAYMAN CAPITAL OFFSHORE PARTNERS L P, HAYMAN CAPITAL PARTNERS L P, HICONVERSION, INC., Habrok Ltd

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















Thakkar Development Group Phase 2 LLC Business Registration
















			Texas Businesses
		

HOME | CONTACT






Thakkar Development Group Phase 2 LLC
TEXAS BUSINESS REGISTRATION














Thakkar Development Group Phase 2 LLC Business Registration
Published October 7th, 2016 • txcpa.lookupbook.net

			Corporate registration for THAKKAR DEVELOPMENT GROUP PHASE 2 LLC by Saumil Thakkar of 6850 Tpc Drste 108, Mckinney, TX filed on Tue, Oct 4th, 2016 with Texas Secretary of State			Full Details Below


Business Location - click to view







Registration Details
Business Name
THAKKAR DEVELOPMENT GROUP PHASE 2 LLC

File Date

				10/04/2016			

Filing type

			CORPORATE			

Source

			TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE [1] 

Last update
10/07/2016


Continue Below for Registered Agent Details











Registered Agent
Agent Name
SAUMIL THAKKAR

Street
6850 TPC DRSTE 108

Locality
MCKINNEY, TX  75070

County
COLLIN

LAT/LNG 
33.195073, -96.60363

Other Businesses Registered BySAUMIL THAKKARALMA HOLDINGS LLC, MCKINNEY, TXDECATUR MEDIA LAND LLC, MCKINNEY, TXHOMESCAPE DEVELOPMENT GROUP I LLC, MCKINNEY, TXHOMESCAPE DEVELOPMENT GROUP LLC, MCKINNEY, TXAMRUT INVESTMENTS LLC, MCKINNEY, TX



References

Texas Secretary of State 



Submit a correction
Know more about this business than we do? Great! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.
Contact Us





MORE BUSINESS REGISTRATIONS INMCKINNEY, TX







NEWSCAPER - TOP NEWSNew Orleans bilks federal taxpayers of $2 billion in Hurricane Katrina repairs: AuditIRS hires suspected tax cheats, fraudsters: AuditNew video shows Planned Parenthood skirting partial-birth abortion lawTop general says no change to transgender policy without formal Trump orderThomas Homan, ICE chief, says immigrant 'sanctuaries' break smuggling lawsInmates' escape video shows everything is caught on tapeSam Brownback, Kansas governor, nominated by Trump for religious freedom postDrug-runners use catapult to fire massive load of marijuana across borderDangerous heat to scorch western US during 1st week of AugustNEWSCAPER - BUSINESS NEWSFor the first time, Jeff Bezos became Forbes' richest Person 



	Trending Stories








Endangered Entrepreneurs

					Entrepreneurism has seen a steady decline over the past 30 years.
				









Monetize Your Website
	
					Many small business owners monetize their website to offset costs.
				









Privacy Rights

					Corporate America may be pushing privacy rights to eliminate smaller competitors. 
				









Postal Service Email

					Turning email over to the U.S. Postal Service might eliminate spam in your inbox. 
				









Small Business Organizations

					Which organizations best represent the interests of small business owners.
				











		Copyright 2017		Home |
		Privacy |
		Terms |
		Contact












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Nexcore Technology, LLC Acquires Phase 2 Medical Manufacturing, Inc. 
         










    










 













 











 



















Nexcore Technology, LLC Acquires Phase 2 Medical Manufacturing, Inc.
        																																
              

          Becomes Leading Middle-Market Contract Manufacturing Supplier for Medical Device OEMs
        











 News provided by
Nexcore Technology, LLC  
Jul 11, 2017, 08:02 ET









 Share this article




























































WALDWICK, N.J., July 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Nexcore Technology, LLC ("Nexcore"), an FDA registered and ISO 13485 certified contract manufacturer of electro-mechanical capital equipment to the medical device industry, announced it has acquired Phase 2 Medical Manufacturing, Inc. ("Phase 2"), a manufacturer of a wide variety of Class I, II and III single-use instruments and disposable medical devices.  Nexcore is a portfolio company of Kidd & Company, LLC ("KCO"), a private investment firm located in Old Greenwich, CT.  With locations in Rochester, NH, Lafayette, CO and Tijuana, Mexico, Phase 2 has developed an outstanding reputation with medical device original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") based upon its process development and technology experience, LEAN manufacturing systems designed for continuous improvement, high quality standards, on-time performance and superb customer service.








"Nexcore's acquisition of Phase 2 adheres to our strategy of creating a leading contract manufacturer focused exclusively on the medical device industry.  The combination of Nexcore and Phase 2 allows us to quickly establish a leading contract manufacturing suppler for medical device OEMs.  The new company offers customers a full suite of services across a comprehensive range including concept, feasibility, design, development, manufacturing and after-market services.  Additionally, we have diversified our customer base, gained access to a new market segment, expanded our geographic presence and enabled the two companies to share best practices," said Ken Heuer, a KCO Principal and Nexcore Board member.
Carlo W. Colesanti, Nexcore's President and CEO stated, "Phase 2 has developed a world-class team that has been pleasing customers for more than two decades, and this acquisition will permit us to create a deeper toolbox of solutions, expand our value proposition, and enhance our ability to serve customers and offer them a unified, 'single-source of supply' for a variety of complex manufacturing and service needs for medical capital equipment and single-use disposable devices.  They have been doing a wonderful job and we intend for that to continue as we look forward to building on the foundation created by Phase 2 and continuing to grow Nexcore by serving the increasing needs of our collective customers."
Adam Prime, Phase 2's President prior to the acquisition, will assume a new role as Sr. Vice President & Chief Lean Officer of the newly combined businesses.  Mr. Prime said, "I am truly excited by the prospects for our business and the related advantages our customers and employees will experience together with Nexcore. I look forward to working closely with Carlo, the management team, and KCO to continue to build an industry-leading company."  
Eaglehill Advisors LLC, Plexus Capital, and Spring Capital Partners, LLC provided mezzanine debt and co-equity investments, and J.P. Morgan Chase provided senior debt financing in support of the transaction.
About Nexcore Founded by Milton Frank in 1999, Nexcore is a contract manufacturer of electro-mechanical capital equipment to the medical device industry. The Company has a strong track record of growth and an outstanding reputation with its customers based upon its leading technical capabilities, high quality standards, on-time performance and customer service. The Company's capabilities cover the complete spectrum of the medical device manufacturing product life cycle, from conceptual design and engineering through to manufacturing and after-market service and support. The Company serves a variety of leading medical device OEMs with a portfolio of innovative medical devices. With its full suite of design and manufacturing capabilities and focus on all aspects of customer service, Nexcore positions itself not just as a supplier but as a true value-added partner to its OEM customers. For more information, visit www.nexcoretech.com. 
About Phase 2 Founded by Garry Prime, Peter Prime and Mark Newbert in 1995, Phase 2 partners with medical device market leaders and innovators to design, assemble, and package single-use instruments and disposables. With comprehensive design and manufacturing capabilities, we help customers at each stage of the product life-cycle from device innovation, to new product introduction, program transfers, or end-of-life programs. The Company is 100% focused on design and manufacturing of Class I, II and III single-use instruments and disposable medical devices. At Phase 2, LEAN is more than a process, it is a culture, and benefits of the Company's LEAN systems can be realized through supply chain, warehousing, assembly, testing, packaging, sterilization, and distribution. For more information, visit www.phase2medical.com. 
About Kidd & Company Based in Old Greenwich, CT, KCO traces its roots to 1976 when William Kidd made his first private equity investment. Today, KCO is the private investment arm of the Kidd Family Office engaged in sponsoring private equity transactions in the lower middle market. The firm's focus is on driving superior returns by implementing fundamental strategic and operational improvements to drive above-market growth in revenue and earnings, both organically and through accretive acquisitions. The diverse skill set of its partners allows KCO to bring management, operational, sales and marketing, corporate finance and M&A expertise to bear to substantially increase the total value of its investments. For more information, visit www.kiddcompany.com. 
Contact: Chris Tofalli Chris Tofalli Public Relations, LLC914-834-4334
View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nexcore-technology-llc-acquires-phase-2-medical-manufacturing-inc-300485931.html
SOURCE Nexcore Technology, LLC
 Related Links

http://www.nexcoretech.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Nexcore Technology, LLC Acquires Phase 2 Medical Manufacturing, Inc.


 News provided by
Nexcore Technology, LLC  
Jul 11, 2017, 08:02 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





















GW Pharma Reports Success with THC and CBD Combo in Brain Cancer Phase 2 Clinical Trial – New Cannabis Ventures











































































 




















GW Pharma Reports Success with THC and... 

















 









 









 
GW Pharma Reports Success with THC and CBD Combo in Brain Cancer Phase 2 Clinical Trial 


February 7, 2017 at 7:47 am Published by NCV Newswire  														

0
0
0
54
0







GW Pharmaceuticals Achieves Positive Results in Phase 2 Proof of Concept Study in Glioma
GW intends to advance oncology research and development efforts
LONDON, Feb. 07, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — GW Pharmaceuticals plc (Nasdaq:GWPH) (“GW,” “the Company” or “the Group”), a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics from its proprietary cannabinoid product platform, today announced positive top-line results from an exploratory Phase 2 placebo-controlled clinical study of a proprietary combination of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) in 21 patients with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, or GBM. GBM is a particularly aggressive brain tumor, with a poor prognosis. GW has received Orphan Drug Designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for THC:CBD in the treatment of glioma.
The study showed that patients with documented recurrent GBM treated with THC:CBD had an 83 percent one year survival rate compared with 53 percent for patients in the placebo cohort (p=0.042). Median survival for the THC:CBD group was greater than 550 days compared with 369 days in the placebo group. THC:CBD was generally well tolerated with treatment emergent adverse events leading to discontinuation in two patients in each group. The most common adverse events (three patients or more and greater than placebo) were vomiting (75%), dizziness (67%), nausea (58%), headache (33%), and constipation (33%). The results of some biomarker analyses are still awaited.
“The findings from this well-designed controlled study suggest that the addition of a combination of THC and CBD to patients on dose-intensive temozolomide produced relevant improvements in survival compared with placebo and this is a good signal of potential efficacy,” said Professor Susan Short, PhD, Professor of Clinical Oncology and Neuro-Oncology at Leeds Institute of Cancer and Pathology at St James’s University Hospital and principal investigator of the study. “Moreover, the cannabinoid medicine was generally well tolerated. These promising results are of particular interest as the pharmacology of the THC:CBD product appears to be distinct from existing oncology medications and may offer a unique and possibly synergistic option for future glioma treatment.”

We believe that the signals of efficacy demonstrated in this study further reinforce the potential role of cannabinoids in the field of oncology and provide GW with the prospect of a new and distinct cannabinoid product candidate in the treatment of glioma.

Justin Gover, GW’s Chief Executive Officer

These data are a catalyst for the acceleration of GW’s oncology research interests and over the coming months, we expect to consult with external experts and regulatory agencies on a pivotal clinical development program for THC:CBD in GBM and to expand our research interests in other forms of cancer.

The study, designed to evaluate a number of safety and efficacy endpoints, comprised an initial phase where the safety of THC:CBD in combination with dose-intense temozolomide (an oral alkylating agent that is a standard first-line treatment for GBM) was assessed in 2 cohorts of 3 patients each.  Following a satisfactory independent safety evaluation, the study then entered a randomized placebo-controlled phase where 12 patients were randomized to THC:CBD as add-on therapy compared with 9 patients randomized to placebo (plus standard of care).
Beginning in 2007 and prior to initiating this study, GW conducted substantial pre-clinical oncologic research on several cannabinoids in various forms of cancer including brain, lung, breast, pancreatic, melanoma, ovarian, gastric, renal, prostate and bladder. These studies have resulted in approximately 15 publications and show the multi-modal effects of cannabinoids on a number of the key pathways associated with tumor growth and progression. Cannabinoids have been shown to promote autophagy (the process of regulated self-degradation by cells) via several distinct mechanisms, including acting on the AKT/mTOR pathway, an important intracellular signalling pathway that is overactive in many cancers.
In glioma, THC and CBD appear to act via distinct signalling pathways. The combination of THC and CBD showed good efficacy in various animal models of glioma, particularly when used in combination with temozolomide. Initial in vitro studies showed that the combined administration of THC and CBD led to a synergistic reduction in the viability of U87MG glioma cells when compared to the administration of each cannabinoid individually. The co-administration of temozolomide with THC and CBD had further synergistic effects, causing a significant reduction in cell viability. These pre-clinical studies justified the initiation of the Phase 2 clinical study.
GW’s portfolio of intellectual property related to the use of cannabinoids in oncology includes a number of issued patents and pending applications in both the U.S. and Europe. This portfolio is designed to protect the use of various cannabinoids individually or in combination, in the treatment of a variety of oncology-specific disorders and product formulations.
About GBM
Gliomas are tumors that arise from glial cells mainly in the brain but can also be found within the spinal cord. Within the category of Glioma there are multiple different tumor types. GBM is the most common Glioma and is one of the most common primary brain tumors, accounting for 15.6% of all primary brain tumors (Ostrom et al. 2013). They are also the most aggressive with only 28.4% of patients surviving one year and only 3.4% surviving to year five (Brodbelt et al. 2015). Studies of patients with high-grade gliomas showed that headache was the most common initial presenting symptom. These headaches can be persistent lasting more than six months and are often associated with other symptoms, including seizures, visual disturbances, cognitive impairment and nausea and vomiting depending on the location and growth rate of the tumor.
About GW Pharmaceuticals plc
Founded in 1998, GW is a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics from its proprietary cannabinoid product platform in a broad range of disease areas. GW is advancing an orphan drug program in the field of childhood epilepsy with a focus on Epidiolex® (cannabidiol), which is in Phase 3 clinical development for the treatment of Dravet syndrome, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, Tuberous Sclerosis Complex and Infantile Spasms. GW commercialized the world’s first plant-derived cannabinoid prescription drug, Sativex® (nabiximols), which is approved for the treatment of spasticity due to multiple sclerosis in 31 countries outside the United States. The Company has a deep pipeline of additional cannabinoid product candidates which includes compounds in Phase 1 and 2 trials for glioma, schizophrenia and epilepsy. For further information, please visit www.gwpharm.com.
Original press release: http://ir.gwpharm.com/releasedetail.cfm?ReleaseID=1010672





Before this cannabis stock news is here, it's published to subscribers on 420 Investor.







					    Published by NCV Newswire 
The NCV Newswire by New Cannabis Ventures aims to curate high quality content and information about leading cannabis companies to help our readers filter out the noise and to stay on top of the most important cannabis business news. The NCV Newswire is hand-curated by an editor and not automated in anyway. For questions contact us.					    







Get Our Sunday Newsletter













0
0
0
54
0







Subscribe The best cannabis industry news sent to your inbox every Sunday


GO


Spotlight

Cannabis Advertising
Cannabis Stock IndexThe Cannabis Stock Index is designed to represent the overall market for the medical and legal marijuana sector.
Cannabis Stocks

The largest, most comprehensive cannabis-investment centric forum on the internet.
www.420investor.com
Trending


					Canadian Cannabis Stocks Bounce Back
				



					Tokken Takes Top Prize at Arcview Toronto Event
				



					MedMen Cannabis Private Equity Fund Scores $25mm Gain in MedReleaf Investment
				



					Medicine Man Technologies Closes Acquisition and Expands Business Model
				



					New Mexico Medical Cannabis Sales Soar to $40mm through June
				

 
 











© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 














 


