
Nikos Theodosopoulos Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






















HLIT Nikos Theodosopoulos Insider Trades for Harmonic Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Harmonic Inc.

                  NASDAQ: HLIT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Harmonic Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:48 p.m.


HLIT

/quotes/zigman/58651/composite


$
4.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 17,024
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/58651/composite
Today's close

$
			4.05
		


$
				4.00
			
Change

-0.05
-1.23%





Day low
Day high
$3.98
$4.05










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.01
        

            $6.18
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Nikos Theodosopoulos



Mr. Nikos Theodosopoulos is Independent Director at Harmonic, Inc., Chairman-Supervisory Board at ADVA Optical Networking SE, Independent Director at Arista Networks, Inc., and a Managing Director at NT Advisors LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at Harmonic, Inc. and Arista Networks, Inc.
Mr. Theodosopoulos was previously employed as a Managing Director by UBS Securities LLC, an Analyst by Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc., a Principal by AT&T Corp., and a Principal by Bell Laboratories, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Columbia University, a graduate degree from Stanford University, and an MBA from The Leonard N Stern School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





02/15/2017
24,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


11/15/2016
25,000


 
Acquisition at $4.75 per share.


118,750


02/15/2016
15,831


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Patrick J. Harshman 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Charles J. Bonasera 
Senior Vice President-Operations




Mr. Sanjay  Kalra 
Controller, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Mr. Neven  Haltmayer 
Senior Vice President-Research & Development




Mr. Shahar  Bar 
Senior Vice President-Corporate Development




Mr. Nimrod  Ben-Natan 
Senior VP & General Manager-Cable Products




Mr. Bart  Spriester 
Senior Vice President-Video Products




Dr. Tom  Lookabaugh 
Director




Ms. Sarah B. Kavanagh 
Senior Public Relations Manager




Mr. Blair  King 
Investor Relations Contact




Mr. Tim C. Chu 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Patrick Terence Gallagher 
Chairman




Mr. William F. Reddersen 
Independent Director




Mr. E. Floyd Kvamme 
Independent Director




Ms. Mitzi  Reaugh 
Independent Director




Ms. Susan G. Swenson 
Independent Director




Mr. Nikos  Theodosopoulos 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:56 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Nikos Theodosopoulos, Adva Optical Networking SE: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






























Feedback





Nikos Theodosopoulos

Chairman-Supervisory Board,
Adva Optical Networking SE






Career History




Chairman-Supervisory Board
Adva Optical Networking SE, 1/2015-PRESENT


Senior Equity Research Analyst
Bear Stearns & Co Inc, PRESENT


Founder/Member-Mgmt Board
NT Advisors, PRESENT


VP/Telecommunications Analyst
UBS Warburg LLC, 1995-6/2003


Analyst:Technology
UBS Securities LLC, 6/2003-UNKNOWN


Analyst
Bear Stearns & Co Inc, FORMER


Mng Dir:Technology Equity Research
UBS AG, FORMER


Account Executive
AT&T Network Systems, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.advaoptical.com






Corporate Information
Address:

Campus Martinsried
Fraunhoferstrasse 9a
Martinsried, 82152
Germany


Phone:
49-89-890665-0


Fax:
49-89-890665-199


Web url:
www.advaoptical.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Columbia College
Bachelor's Degree, Electrical Engineering


New York University
MBA


Stanford University
Master's Degree, Electrical Engineering


Show More








Awards & Publications



Awards




INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR, Telecom Equipment/Wireline, 2002









Memberships



Board Memberships




Santa Clara


Board Member, PRESENT




Harmonic Inc


Board Member, 3/2015-PRESENT




Adva Optical Networking SE


Chairman, 1/2015-PRESENT




Arista Networks Inc


Board Member, 3/2014-PRESENT




Adva Optical Networking SE


Board Member, 12/2014-1/2015



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Report Card: Nikos Theodosopoulos  - TheStreet



























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Report Card: Nikos Theodosopoulos 






Susan Bigelow Hill 



Sep 5, 2000 12:25 PM EDT













 
















































        Nikos Theodosopoulos   UBS Warburg             Report Card     3 * Overall rank     5 *  Rank by institutions    4 *  Rank by stock picking    Makes money for me     Saves me from disaster        Makes me think    Tells the truth    Meaningful service, not overkill    Well-connected     *Out of 39. Best star rating is 3 stars. Click here for our methodology.       3rd Place (tie) TelecommunicationsEquipment              Bio  B.S., Columbia University; M.S., Stanford University; M.B.A., New York University. Theodosopoulos joined UBS Warburg in 1995. He is the firm's senior communications equipment analyst. Prior to joining UBS, he followed telecom equipment names at Bear Stearns. He has also held technical, marketing and sales positions at AT&T and Bell Laboratories.     Industry Outlook and Style     The Winners              By name                By category                By firm                Best stock pickers                Best firms              At the outset of 2000, Nikos Theodosopoulos suspected, as did other wireline equipment analysts, that his industry would grow at a clip faster than its historical 15% to 25% acceleration. By midyear, the industry was on target for revenue growth of 35% in 2000, a figure that exceeds even Theodosopoulos' original estimations. There have been several drivers of the group's recent growth, says Theodosopoulos: First, traditional service providers, such as AT&T and Sprint, require more equipment for their blossoming digital subscriber line businesses. Second, next-generation long-haul carriers such as Level 3 (LVLT), Williams Communications (WCG) and Global Crossing (GBLX) have been building new networks at breakneck speed.   Third, the past year has been a boom time for the fiber-optics components and networking subsectors. In fact, Theodosopoulos was so enraptured by optic technology that last November he added three new optical components companies to his coverage: Corning (GLW), E-TEK Dynamics (ETEK) and SDL (SDLI). (He had already been tracking JDS Uniphase (JDSU).) With so much demand for these products, Theodosopoulos feels more positive than ever about revenue and profit prospects for many of the companies he follows. When it comes to picking likely winners -- stocks with the most upside earnings potential relative to his estimates -- he has selected three names. Corning is his star among optic names, Juniper Networks (JNPR) is his Internet protocol networks play and Nortel (NT) is his overall favorite. He predicts powerful growth in Nortel's optical and wireless businesses and foresees improving margins company-wide. Corning wasn't a hard choice, admits the UBS analyst. It's the global leader in optical fiber, which continues to be in high demand. Moreover, according to Theodosopoulos, the company is boosting its performance in the optical components business. He projects earnings per share of $3.25 for 2000 and $4.05 for 2001. That's up from $2.00 in 1999. On the basis of these projections, he easily can imagine the stock, which recently broke $300, climbing to $325 by next summer. Juniper has already risen 250% this year, and Theodosopoulos believes its ascent will continue. His 12-month price target is $225. The analyst notes that Juniper (whose secondary offering was co-managed by UBS Warburg) has "successfully entered the IP routing market over the past 18 months, cutting into Cisco's market share, which no other company has been able to do. We think Juniper will continue to take away share from the market leader." (Internet protocol routers connect one computer system to another in traditional -- i.e., electrical -- data networking systems. All-optical networking -- which transmits data using beams of light, called photons -- poses a threat to electrical networking systems.) Theodosopoulos predicts that Nortel will be the absolute standout among telecom equipment stocks in the coming 12 months. He has long rated it a buy. Year-to-date, Nortel has risen more than 60%. Look for unflagging progress in this stock, says the analyst, who foresees a price of $115 by next July based on his projection that earnings per share, which were 51 cents in 1999, will reach 73 cents this year and 96 cents next year. (See our recent story on     Nortel  .) Theodosopoulos cites two possible hitches that could cramp the industry's style, though he isn't counting on either materializing. First, the adoption rate of new telecom-related technologies could slow. Second, spending patterns of the telecom service companies could decelerate. "Those are things to keep one's eye on in the next year," warns the analyst.     Stock Pick   Favorite stock for next 12 months: Nortel  Comment: "We like Nortel's strong growth prospects in both its wireless and optical businesses, combined with improving profit margins throughout the company."      Rate Their Stock Picks:       Which stock do you like best?      Geiling and Jungjohann: Corvis      Cena: Ericsson      Theodosopoulos: Nortel           



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like






Report Card: Joe Buckley




Susan Bigelow Hill 

Apr 3, 2001 10:31 AM EDT

















Report Card: Lauren Rich Fine




Susan Bigelow Hill 

Mar 20, 2001 12:09 PM EST

















Report Card: William Drewry




Susan Bigelow Hill 

Mar 20, 2001 12:07 PM EST

















Analyst Rankings: Our Winners Time Eventual Chip Sector Rebound Differently




Susan Bigelow Hill 

Feb 13, 2001 12:32 PM EST








































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Harmonic Appoints Nikos Theodosopoulos to its Board of Directors - Harmonic




































Skip to main content










Partner Portal
Resources
Contact
Global

English
中文
한국
日本語




Search Harmonic.com




 















Harmonic Appoints Nikos Theodosopoulos to its Board of Directors
Monday, March 16, 2015



Harmonic (NASDAQ: HLIT), the worldwide leader in video delivery infrastructure, today announced it has expanded the Company’s Board of Directors with the appointment of Nikos Theodosopoulos. Mr. Theodosopoulos, 52, has over 30 years of experience in the communications and finance industries. Since 2012, he has served as the founder of NT Advisors LLC, an advisory and consulting company. Over the previous 17 years, Mr. Theodosopoulos served in various capacities with UBS, a global provider of financial services, most recently as managing director of technology equity research. Prior to UBS, he was a senior equity research analyst for Bear, Stearns & Company and worked as an account executive for AT&T Network Systems.
Mr. Theodosopoulos has served on the Board of Directors of Arista Networks since March 2014. In addition, he joined the Supervisory Board of ADVA Optical Networking SE in December 2014, where he currently serves as chairman. Mr. Theodosopoulos holds a B.S. in electrical engineering from Columbia University, a M.S. in electrical engineering from Stanford University and an MBA from New York University’s Stern School of Business.
“I’m delighted to welcome Nikos to our Board of Directors,” said Patrick Harshman, president and CEO of Harmonic. “His deep knowledge of our industry and extensive finance background make Nikos an excellent addition to the Harmonic Board as we execute on our global growth and value creation strategy.”
Further information about Harmonic is available at www.harmonicinc.com.
About Harmonic

Harmonic (NASDAQ: HLIT) is the worldwide leader in video delivery infrastructure for emerging television and video services. Harmonic enables customers to produce, deliver, and monetize amazing video experiences, with unequalled business agility and operational efficiency, by providing market-leading innovation, high-quality service, and compelling total-cost-of-ownership. More information is available at www.harmonicinc.com. 





Events

Aug 6-9, 2017
CableLabs Summer Conference 2017




Aug 9-10, 2017
Texas Association of Broadcasters Convention & Trade Show




Sep 15-19, 2017
IBC2017


Press Releases

Jul 19, 2017
India’s Leading Digital Cable Operator Boosts Channel Count and OTT Services With Harmonic




Jul 4, 2017
Harmonic Ups the Innovation Factor at Cable Tech Show 2017 With Software Transformations in OTT, Cloud and UHD




Jun 19, 2017
Harmonic Expands Cloud Capabilities With Advanced Media Management and Scheduling Technologies


 


















Nikos Theodosopoulos' Blog | Nikos' Blog on The Technology Industry and Investing













































Nikos Theodosopoulos' Blog
Nikos' Blog on The Technology Industry and Investing





Search











The Tech IPO and M&A Conundrum

Posted on June 24, 2016  by  Nikos 


M&A and Stock Market Up, But IPOs Way Down
Historically, technology sector IPOs, M&A and stock performance tended to move in tandem. However, this correlation has materially broken down in the past 18 months as technology IPOs have dwindled while the tech stock index approaches new highs and tech M&A surges. This is shown in the following couple of charts. The successful technology IPO of Twilio today (up 92% from the IPO price) was, thus, a sight for sore eyes for technology investors, venture capitalists and employees. In fact, Twilio was the first $1B+ MCAP venture backed IPO since Square went public in November of 2015. While time will tell if Twilio is the beginning of a resurgent tech IPO market, my sense is that the current stock market fundamentals, sentiment and some unique favorable attributes of the Twilio IPO will not make Twilio the beginning of major broad new tech IPO wave in the near term.

Low Economic Growth and Bond Rates Driving “Yield” Investing
I would characterize the current overall stock market sentiment and fundamentals driven primarily by the forces of low global bond yields and lack of economic growth in both developed and emerging markets.   Bond yields are now close to zero and even negative in major countries across the world (e.g. Germany, Japan, Switzerland etc.) while economic growth has fallen short of expectations in most of the world including the US, Europe, China, Brazil etc. At the same time, the US stock market is interestingly approaching new highs. This, however, is likely due to the chase for a “safe yield” as returns in cash and bonds are negligible. This is clearly manifested in the S&P sectors of Utilities and Consumer Staples leading the stock market performance in the past 12 months with several of the leading stocks in these sectors (e.g. Procter and Gamble, Coke, Duke Energy etc.) hitting multi-year highs in valuation metrics (e.g. EV/Sales and PE multiples).   When safety and dividend driven sectors lead the stock market, it is typically reflective of low global growth, which is not typically the backdrop for a strong tech IPO market.
Cheap Money and Embolden Activists ==> Surging M&A
At the same time, there are many fundamental and financial forces in the technology sector that are resulting in significant discontinuity and low growth for established public companies but at the same time increased M&A.   The fundamental impact of cloud on traditional technology companies is clearly very disruptive as demand for traditional products is either diminished, as workloads move to the public cloud, and/or technology company business models are transitioning from appliance/hardware sales to lower revenue software based sales. These forces are making public equity investors less enthusiastic about most of public technology companies unless they are high growth, cash flow generative pure plays in this cloud transition.   At the same time, the surge in M&A can be explained by the very low cost of debt (allowing for deals to be more easily accretive) and increased fund raising of private equity and activist investment funds. Over the past 18 months we have witnessed the largest ever technology takeover by a private company (i.e. Dell buying EMC), Microsoft further trying to accelerate its transition to the new enterprise software sales model with its planned acquisition of LinkedIn and activist and private equity investors being more collaborative in taking low growth, but highly profitable tech companies private.
Twilio Was Priced Favorably; Will Other Unicorns Follow or Wait?
For tech IPOs to roar back, I think we will need to see better overall economic growth to encourage an offensive rather than defensive/yield driven investment psychology. Otherwise, there will likely need to be more companies that have the characteristics of the Twilio IPO, namely, high revenue growth rate driven by the transition to the cloud, approaching or already cash flow positive and favorable valuation metrics to the public investor.   This last piece on attractive valuation cannot be overstated. It appears that Twilio was priced very favorably at ~8x sales in the IPO, which for its growth rate and size was likely very compelling to the public investor. I do not recall any other software cloud or SaaS tech IPO in the last few years that went public at a similar revenue scale and growth rate at less than 10x sales. Luckily for Twilio’s private round investors, this compelling public valuation was still higher than the most recent “unicorn” venture round. Twilio was also a relatively small “unicorn” to go public. For the tech IPO market to truly bounce back, we will likely need to see some of the higher profile “unicorn” companies (e.g. Snapchat, Uber etc.) go public.





Is NY Ready for IPO Primetime?

Posted on April 15, 2015  by  Nikos 


This week two NY tech IPOs are expected to price, namely Etsy and Virtu Financial. Given that there were only six NY venture capital backed tech/healthcare IPOs in 2013 and 2014 combined that I am aware of, having two IPOs in one week is a rare event; at least for now. With NY based On Deck Capital going public only just this past December, the increasing pace of NY IPOs and the potential pipeline of future IPOs raises the question whether NY is ready to break out in terms of generating IPO caliber companies.
As I wrote about in January in my prior post regarding NY’s tech ecosystem, NY’s relatively young tech ecosystem when compared to Silicon Valley or Massachusetts has shown tremendous success in total venture dollar investments and M&A exits, but relatively limited success in IPO exits. It is my view that an increasing number of IPO exits, followed by growing market capitalization companies that can be consolidators in their respective markets will be needed in order for the NY tech ecosystem to maximize its prosperity over the longer term.   While NY’s tech ecosystem is broad based from a vertical perspective, chances are NY will be most successful in producing innovative and disruptive companies in new tech verticals that have roots in traditional NY based industries such as financial services, retail, fashion etc. Thus, it is not surprising that On Deck Capital and Virtu Financial are players in fintech while Etsy is a player in e-commerce/retail.
The following table shows some of the recent NY tech/healthcare IPOs in the past couple of years.   Besides being a somewhat short list, the after market stock performance of these recent IPOs has been mixed with Shutterstock so far being the only tech/non-biopharma company on the list to show robust after market appreciation post the first day of trading.   Time will tell if On Deck, Etsy, Virtu Financial and other NY IPOs in the pipeline will become good public investments. As a homegrown New Yorker and current angel investor in NY start-ups, I am clearly rooting for the home team to be a winner!




IPO Date
IPO Price
Closing Day of IPO
4/10/15


Varonis
2/28/14
$22
$44
$27


Tremor Video
6/27/13
$10
$8.50
$2.40


Borderfree
3/20/14
$16
$20
$6.72


Shutterstock
10/10/12
$17
$22
$71.14


Everdadyhealth
5/28/14
$14
$13.50
$12.57


Intercept Pharma
10/11/12
$15
$19.05
$179.25


Ophthotech Corporation
9/25/13
$22
$26.30
$50


On Deck Capital
12/17/14
$20
$27.98
$19.53








NY Start-Up Ecosystem: What I Am Keeping An Eye On

Posted on January 19, 2015  by  Nikos 


While working in the technology and finance industries for 30 years, including eighteen years as a Wall Street technology equity research analyst, I have witnessed dozens of Silicon Valley start-ups go from the seed phase to successful exit. I characterize Silicon Valley as a “well oiled machine” in how it can consistently over multiple decades create, fund and successfully grow the most innovative companies in the technology industry.   As a long time resident of the Greater New York City region, I am truly excited that over the past decade the NY start-up ecosystem has achieved enormous momentum and has the potential of also creating new innovative companies and perhaps even defining new subsectors of the technology and media industries.
Many have opined in the media on whether NY will ever catch up to Silicon Valley or if it is even relevant to compare the two start-up ecosystems. In this regard, I agree that it is not extremely relevant to compare the two regions given the maturity and decades of success of the Silicon Valley start-up ecosystem vs. the relatively young NY ecosystem of roughly only a decade.   NY has a different culture and industry roots than Silicon Valley that will likely result in its own unique ecosystem evolution. For example, the historical entrenchment of industries in NY such as media, fashion and finance make talent in these industries more prevalent in NY than classical technology sectors in Silicon Valley such as semiconductors, enterprise software, data networking etc. These strong industry foundations in NY are evident in two of the few NY start-ups that have actually gone public in the past three years, namely Shutterstock (Media/Content Tech) and On Deck Capital (Financial Tech).
As someone who was educated in both NY and Silicon Valley and is now an angel investor, board member and advisor to companies in NY and California, I read with intrigue the “2014 U.S. Venture Capital Year in Review” by CB Insights as it relates to the topic of NY as a blossoming start-up ecosystem and how it metrically compares to other regions of the US. I wanted to highlight a few key metrics from this report that demonstrate both the momentum and scale of the NY start-up ecosystem, but also the coincident realization that this ecosystem is still relatively young and has more to prove to compete with Silicon Valley and other parts of the US in attracting the absolute best financiers, entrepreneurs, scientists/engineers, students and academics to the region.
Table: 2014 U.S. Venture Activity



Metric
Calif.
Mass.
NY
Total US


Number of VC Backed Deals (Growth Over 2013)
1,631 (13%)
346 (9%)
422 (7%)
3,617 (8%)


$B Amount of VC Backed Deals (Growth Over 2013)
26.8 (81%)
4.2 (37%)
4.5 (53%)
47.3 (62%)


VC backed IPOs (vs. 2013 figure)
45 (31)
18 (10)
5 (1)
101 (73)


VC backed M&A Exits (vs. 2013 figure)
265 (188)
70 (33)
59 (49)
637 (440)



Source: CB Insights report “2014 U.S. Venture Capital Year In Review”, January 2015
The CB Insights report shows that NY was 2nd only to California in venture backed funding in 2014 both in terms of number of deals and total dollars funded as it surpassed Massachusetts in both these categories. This clearly reflects the enthusiasm, momentum and scale of the NY start-up ecosystem. However, NY continues to lag in terms of exits as it only generated 5 IPOs in 2014 (and only 1 in 2013) and its M&A exits in 2014 did not keep pace with California, Massachusetts or the US as a whole.
NY will need to improve its exit conversion rate in the next few years or it might be at risk of being viewed as the “gold-rush” region of the current technology and media era. I personally view the talent, innovation and entrepreneurial energy level in NY as too powerful for such a scenario to play out.   Time will tell whether NY will follow its strong growth metrics in deals and funding values with also an improving performance of exits.   While the numbers will ultimately speak for themselves, here are three important dynamics that I will also be following to measure the progression of the NY start-up ecosystem.
Minting Serial Entrepreneurs that VCs Will Follow: As exits grow in absolute numbers and valuations, it will be important for NY to establish its own set of serial entrepreneurs that stay local to the region, come up with the “next big thing” and can easily raise money from VCs given the returns they delivered to them in the past. This profitable cycle will also help drive the best VCs to put better talent in NY.
Fading of The “Trader” Mentality:  Perhaps its because NY is the financial capital of the world, or perhaps its because the NY start-up ecosystem is still fairly young that I find many NY entrepreneurs (and NY start-up financiers) think primarily of a quicker M&A exit for their companies rather dreaming of building a company that can go public.   While I stated earlier that I don’t think it is relevant to compare Silicon Valley to NY, this is one big difference between the two regions. Silicon Valley tends to dream relatively more of building big innovative and disruptive companies, while NY tends to dream of the quick exit or “trade”. Perhaps NY first needs to “mint” its serial entrepreneurs through M&A exits to create the stage for more far reaching company goals. Having more public companies I think would make NY even more attractive to the best talent in the nation to come here to work. Achieving an IPO with a valuation of multiple tens of billions of dollars would be a momentous event for the region and also allowing for a NY based consolidator.
Fostering Entrepreneurship At Local Universities:  NY has a solid list of universities. These universities historically, however, have not had a culture that has fostered entrepreneurship. This is changing quite rapidly but will need to continue. As a member of the Columbia Engineering Entrepreneurship Advisory Board, I have witnessed how one such university is making such strides and it is a pleasure to be a part of the progress. NY still has more to go in this area including being supportive of professors that want to be more actively engaged with start-ups and being more creative and less bureaucratic in intellectual property ownership rules when dealing with campus-based start-ups.
 
 





Is U.S. Telecom Capital Spending Going Up in “Spectrum”?

Posted on October 10, 2014  by  Nikos 


Over the past couple of months several technology companies with meaningful exposure to telecom capital spending in the United States including Adtran, Ciena, Juniper and Procera have provided cautionary outlooks in their respective businesses. Most of the companies, analyst and press commentary on these earnings warnings primarily point to the impact of the AT&T Domain 2.0 vendor qualification process (including the associated architectural shift and additional pricing pressure it has brought to the industry), the pending consolidation of the some of the larger US telecom/PayTV operators (e.g. the AT&T/DirecTV and Comcast/Time Warner Cable deals) and a more front end loaded capital spending environment in the US than normal in 2014. While all of these factors are likely key contributing factors to the recent disappointing earnings of the technology companies exposed to US telecom capital spending, I also believe that pending wireless spectrum auctions in 2014 and 2015 are factors that have not received as much attention in the press and should be considered.
Wall Street analyst reports have suggested that the wireless spectrum being auctioned by the FCC in the AWS-3 auction in November 2014 is likely to cost the winners in the auction from $10-$15 billion with AT&T and Verizon likely being the major winners in this auction. To put this potential spectrum spending in perspective, AT&T and Verizon combined have an annual capital spending budget (both wireline and wireless capex) of about $36-$37 billion in 2014. Thus, if AT&T and Verizon spend a combined $9 billion in the November spectrum auction, it would represent about 24% of their combined capital spending plans for 2014, which is fairly significant percentage.
Another spectrum factor that potentially may impact capital spending in the short to intermediate term is the planned FCC Broadcast Television Incentive Auction, which the FCC estimates will take place in mid-2015. This spectrum auction is unique as the FCC plans on using free market forces to motivate existing broadcasters that own the spectrum to sell it in an auction format on a voluntary basis. Since the spectrum auction will be on a voluntary basis, its difficult to predict the potential timing, outcome and spending for the spectrum. Wall Street analysts, however, have written that wireless operators could pay as much as $34-$48 billion in the 2015 incentive auction for spectrum with AT&T and Verizon potentially spending a combined $21-$24 billion. Thus, if AT&T and Verizon combined spend about $9 billion and $22.5 billion in 2014 and 2015 respectively for wireless spectrum, this would represent about 43% of their combined overall capital spending budgets for the two years 2014 and 2015.  The following table shows how the potential spectrum costs in 2014 and 2015 compare to the overall US wireless industry capital spending budgets.



Estimates
2014
2015


AWS-3 Auction
$10-$15 Billion



US Wireless Capex
$34.1 Billion



AWS-3 Auction as a % of Capex
29%-44%








Broadcast Incentive Auction

$33.6-$48 Billion


US Wireless Capex

$34.5 Billion


Incentive Auction as a % of Capex

97%-140%



Source: Company reports and UBS Investment Research
Wireless operators have many cash pressures on their operating cash flow including network related capital spending, dividends, share buybacks, acquisitions and spectrum purchases.   Given the potential significant amount of spectrum purchases expected in 2014 and 2015 in the US, allocation of funds to spectrum spending by wireless operators may be another key factor that has led to weaker than expected network related capital spending, thus, resulting in weaker than expected earnings outlooks for certain technology companies. If one thinks about competing for cash outlays, deferring capital spending on equipment and allowing the network to run “hot” on a short-term basis, if possible, seems rational and plausible when such a large cash outlay is likely going to be needed for upcoming spectrum auctions. Network planning could also be potentially impacted as wireless operators have some uncertainty as to their spectrum assets pending the outcome of the auctions, which also could be impacting some spending in the network.
 





Capex Continues To Surprise On the Upside

Posted on March 3, 2014  by  Nikos 


A key fundamental driver of the communications equipment industry and associated supply chain stock performance is the growth in overall capital spending by service providers, including wireless, fixed and cable TV operators.  Coming into 2014, the general expectation by Wall Street analysts was for 2014 to be a decent year of overall growth in capital spending on the order of 2%-4%, with the wireless component growing much faster in the 6%-9% range. The 2014 growth expectation was due to a ramp in spending in key markets like China given the expectation that LTE would be finally rolled out in earnest, Europe given operators were expected to start growing spending after a period of under-investment in the past few years and the US given wireless operators were expected to continue to grow spending to enhance network quality and expand LTE coverage.
After reviewing some of the key telecom operator 4Q13 results in these regions and their respective comments on capital spending plans for 2014, the general bias on 2014 capital spending by operators was generally to either maintain or raise capex expectations.  In addition to expected capex spending growth in wireless I mentioned above, we also heard better spending plans in fixed networks in the US from the larger three cable TV operators and in Europe by traditional fixed operators.
I continue to view the upward bias on 2014 operator capex as favorably for communications equipment and supply chain companies.  While several companies may benefit from this trend, I continue to favor Alcatel-Lucent (ALU) and Finisar (FNSR) as stocks to benefit from this theme.  Both are beneficiaries of the upward bias on capital spending while Alcatel-Lucent has the added benefit of a restructuring story and Finisar has the added benefits of relatively higher exposure to the optical upgrade in China and ramping deployments of “white box” switches by Web2.0 companies (e.g. Amazon) that utilize their optical sub-systems.  Keep in mind, both ALU and FNSR are very volatile stocks and can have extreme negative reactions to any negative earnings or other negative macro-economic and fundamental news.  In particular, Finisar reports earnings this week and Alcatel-Lucent has exposure to emerging markets.
Here are some key highlights of recent capital spending commentary from key operators in the US, China and Europe from 4Q13 earnings calls that took place in January and February:
China: After a delayed tendering process by China Mobile in 2013 for LTE equipment suppliers, a portion of China Mobile capital spending was delayed into 2014.  This deferral into 2014, combined with all the major operators ramping LTE spending in 2014 is likely to lead to an overall China capex growth of 15% in 2014 vs. prior expectations of about 10% growth.
US – In the US, AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Comcast, Time Warner Cable and Charter all raised their respective 2014 capex plans vs. prior analyst expectations.  In addition, Google announced it is planning to expand its Google Fiber network to 34 additional cities in the future, which may add to the competitive pressure in residential broadband networks in future years.  Specific capex commentary from above mentioned US operators are as follows:
–       AT&T: Announced Project Agile that will result in capex being about $21B in 2014 vs. prior estimates of about $20B
–       Verizon: Guided 2014 capex to $16.5B-$17.0B vs. prior estimates of $16.0B-$16.5B.
–       Time Warner Cable: Guided 2014 capex to $3.7B-$3.8B vs. prior estimates of about $3.2B-$3.3B given new initiatives such as all digital conversion.
–       Comcast: Guided 2014 capex about $800M higher than 2013 given initiatives around digital set top boxes and WiFi routers.
–       Charter: Guided 2014 capex higher than expected by about $400M primarily due to all digital conversion resulting in 2014 capex of about $2.2B vs. prior estimates of about $1.8B.
Europe – In Europe, there continue to be early signs of a need for network operators to upgrade their networks after a period of cautious investment in the past few years.  The two most notable examples were Vodafone and Telefonica.  Vodafone announced Project Spring in 4Q13 that will result in capex of about £7.3B in 2014 vs. £6.2B in 2013.  Telefonica raised its expected capex/sales ratio for 2014 to 15.5-16% compared to 14.5% in 2013 to fund new network upgrade programs.
 





Juniper Has The “Edge” Over Cisco

Posted on January 31, 2014  by  Nikos 


I recently wrote an article on Seeking Alpha on my views on why Juniper is currently outpacing Cisco in the router market and how this is likely to continue through most of 2014.  Specifically, Cisco’s relatively older edge routing platforms vs. Juniper and the likelihood that Cisco has confused customers in the core routing market given two different product introductions in 2013 may be reasons for Cisco’s relative underperformance vs. Juniper.  One key data point to watch in 2014 for both Cisco and Juniper in the router market is AT&T’s Domain 2.0 process, which is likely to be completed by mid-year.    Given AT&T’s desire to maximize free cash flow given increasing investor concerns in this area (i.e. AT&T’s stock price fell the day after it reported earnings given a lower free cash flow outlook for 2014 vs. 2013), it is likely that product pricing will be a key factor in the Domain 2.0 vendor selection process, especially if Cisco continues to lose share to Juniper and Alcatel-Lucent in the router market in 2014 and it seeks to stop this trend by being more aggressive in the AT&T opportunity.





Are There Bubbles In The Cloud?

Posted on January 18, 2014  by  Nikos 


I recently wrote an article on Seeking Alpha on the valuations of disruptive and high growth companies in cloud software and social networking such as FireEye (FEYE), Splunk (SPLLK), Twitter (TWTR) and Workday (WDAY) and whether these valuations suggest we might be in a mini tech bubble in these sub categories within the overall technology sector.  I also was recently interviewed on Bloomberg TV on this topic. Valuations of these and other cloud/social companies are very high (i.e. ranging from 30x-60x trailing EV/Sales) when one looks at the post Tech Bubble era, but they are nowhere near the valuations we saw of high flying disruptive companies in 2000 (e.g. Juniper Networks peaked at around 400x trailing EV/Sales in 2000).  While these current valuations are not even close to the levels we saw in 2000, they are generally higher than the post bubble range of 20x-40x EV/trailing sales for best in class software/Internet companies Salesroce.com, VMware and Goggle when they were at similar annualized revenue levels.  A look back at the respective sales growth rates and valuations of these best in class enterprise software and Internet companies, suggests the current class of disruptive enterprise software, Internet and social networking companies may still offer positive stock returns from current levels over the next 3-5 years, but that these new class of companies will likely need to grow at the same historical rate (or better) as the prior best in class group.  Even if this new class of companies can replicate the growth rates of CRM, VMW and GOOG when they were at the same revenue size, large stock corrections of 25%+ are likely and an overall negative return over the next 3-5 years cannot be ruled out (e.g. if one purchased VMware at its peak valuation in October 2007 of ~40x trailing EV/Sales, you would still be underwater on the stock).
 
 





Elliot Targets Activist Reforms at Juniper

Posted on January 13, 2014  by  Nikos 


Today Elliot Management disclosed it owns 6.2% of Juniper Networks and in a very detailed SEC filing, outlined its desire for Juniper to implement 1) $200M in cost reductions, 2) $3.5B in capital returns to shareholders in buybacks and initiating an ongoing dividend, and 3) production optimization including reviews of the security and switching businesses, which have been generally disappointing in the past couple of years.  Given the relative underperformance of Juniper stock over the past few years, its higher relative cost structure as compared to other companies in the networking industry and its strong cash position and cash flow generation, Elliot’s investment and objectives are not that shocking to me.
Elliot’s investment in Juniper is yet another example how activist investors are becoming more emboldened to invest in technology companies and seeking material change in either strategy, management and/or capital returns to shareholders. I wrote about this trend in topic in a prior blog post, and I continue to expect activist investors to increase their investment in the technology sector.  Recent activist investment successes in technology investments (e.g. Microsoft, Apple, Dell, Yahoo, NetApp etc.), increasing fund flows into activist funds, the overall underperformance of mature technology companies vs. the overall market (e.g. the IT sector has under-performed the overall S&P 500 in each of the past four years) and the relative cash rich nature of the technology industry vs. other sectors are all likely to continue to drive activist funds to evaluate and potentially invest in technology companies.
The Juniper situation is also very interesting given the recent changes to the senior management team and the current composition of the board of directors.  The company’s new CEO, Shaygan Kheradpir, officially started in his new role on January 1st and Bob Muglia, prior EVP of Software Solutions and a direct report to the CEO position, left the company in December of 2013 shortly after the new CEO was announced.  It should be noted that Shaygan Kheradpir has not been a CEO in the past.  The departure of Bob Muglia was not a material surprise to me given he was recruited to the company by prior CEO Kevin Johnson as both executives worked together at Microsoft in the past.  I would not be surprised to also see Gerri Elliot, current EVP Chief Customer Officer and a direct report to the CEO, also depart from Juniper in the future, as she was also recruited from Microsoft by prior CEO Kevin Johnson.  Jim Duffy of Network World recently wrote about the “ending of the Microsoft Era” at Juniper in a blog post.
Elliot’s timing on this investment is also interesting when one looks at the current Board structure and the fact that Juniper usually has its annual shareholder meeting where shareholders vote for directors in May of each year.  While the press has written often how the new CEO of Microsoft will have to deal with two former CEOs on the Microsoft board, Shaygan Kheradpir (CEO of Juniper) has two former CEOs (Kevin Johnson and Scott Kriens) and the founder (Pradeep Sindhu) on the Juniper board.  I would not be surprised if Kevin Johnson decides not to seek re-election in the upcoming May board meeting given his recent retirement from the company as CEO.   It will be interesting to see the dynamics between Elliot and Juniper over the next few months leading up to the shareholder meeting.





China: The Elusive Market For US Technology Companies

Posted on November 29, 2013  by  Nikos 



China ranks as the world’s largest country by population, second in annual GDP and is likely to rank second in terms of total Information Technology (IT) spending in 2013 at about 10% of global IT spending.  It is estimated by industry analysts that China will grow its IT spending by close to 10% per year over the next decade as IT spending only represents about 2% of its GDP which is less than half the level of more developed countries like the US.  While China represents a large and rapidly growing market for US technology companies, the path to success in this market has proven difficult and sometimes impossible due to indigenous suppliers, intellectual property protection and software piracy issues, pricing challenges and other unique market conditions.  China has also grown its own global technology powerhouses in certain industries like communications equipment and personal computers, materially impacting the competitive dynamics for traditional US and European players in not just the China market, but also the entire global technology market.  Finally, China has also developed its own Internet powerhouse companies that have made it difficult for leading US Internet and social media companies to succeed in China.   Is China “friend or foe” for US technology companies, and has history provided technology companies any lessons on sustainable business practices that can be applied to the Chinese market?
 
Over the past three decades there have been many failures and lackluster successes by US technology companies seeking to enter and profitably grow in the China market.  A high profile example was Google, who decided to exit the China market in 2010 after only about five years of formally entering the market with its own development center in China (and an earlier failed attempt to acquire local competitor Baidu).  Baidu’s market share only increased from the mid 40s to the mid 60s in the five years following Google’s entry, which was significantly higher than the 30%-35% share that Google was able to achieve during that period.   While Google pointed to censorship issues as the main driver to leaving the China market, it was also clearly the case that Baidu did a better job of understating the local market (e.g. Mandarin language searches, music downloads that “crossed” the line on piracy issues etc.) which contributed to Google not being a success in the search engine market in China as it was in other markets around the world.  
 
Google was not the only US Internet giant that failed to achieve its goals in China, as Yahoo and EBay entered and exited as well.  Both used acquisitions of Chinese-based companies as part of their respective entry strategies, but Yahoo could not effectively compete with Baidu in the search market while eBay lost out to Taobao.com (owned by Alibaba) in the online auction market.  In both cases, both eBay and Yahoo did not do a good job in understanding the local China market nuances for search and on-line auctions. Yahoo at least made a financially smart decision to exit the market and invest in competitor Alibaba, which took over its Internet operations.  It is estimated by some analysts that Yahoo’s investment in Alibaba is worth 50% or much more of Yahoo’s current market capitalization.  
 
In all the cases above, US Internet companies stopped their efforts in China within about a five-year period.  While the Internet may move a rapid pace of innovation, business success in China, especially in the technology sector, takes a much longer-term commitment.  Google’s former CEO, Eric Schmidt, initially stated that China had 5,000 years of history and Google would have 5,000 years of patience in China.  As it turned out, Google, eBay and Yahoo only had about 5 years of loss-making patience.  Unfortunately for US Internet companies, China continues to grow much faster than the US in on-line sales and is likely to surpass the US within the next couple of years as evident by China “crushing” the on-lines sales record on November 11th, 2013 as part of China’s annual “Single’s Day” national promotion.
 
The concern over protecting IP and pirating software has been an obstacle for US technology companies seeking to expand their sales business operations in China.  Taking legal action by US technology companies has often backfired.  For example, Cisco Systems’ first-ever corporate lawsuit on IP was against Chinese based Huawei in 2003, which allegedly copied Cisco manuals and software code.  Cisco dropped the lawsuit in 2004 after remedy actions by Huawei, but in my view the lawsuit cost Cisco more in reputational risk than any benefit from the lawsuit.  To this day, China represents less than 5% of Cisco’s total sales in China and the company often highlights China as being “unique” for Cisco when discussing its sub-par performance in the country.  Microsoft has faced software piracy issues around Windows for PCs in China since the company entered the market in 1992.   The issue of piracy in China is still an issue today for Microsoft as evidenced from its recent earnings call where it disclosed for the first time the performance of its Windows business with and without China (i.e. Windows is declining more rapidly in China than the rest of the world).  Microsoft is hoping to reduce piracy of software by selling cloud-based versions of its consumer software, thus, hopefully eliminating over time the availability of pirated software disks sold on the streets. 
 
Cisco’s problems in China have intensified recently as the company’s orders from China fell 18% in its recent October 2013 quarter. Cisco is likely feeling the backlash of Huawei’s years of struggle and ultimate failure in building a US business, which was exacerbated by recent press reports on spying by the US National Security Agency. Other large US technology companies like IBM and HP also reported recent weakness in China and Qualcomm has made public comments that U.S. restrictions on Chinese companies and revelations about surveillance by the NSA are impacting its business in China.  As a result of these and other recent data points, there is now a growing view on Wall Street that US tech firms are seeing slowing sales in China due to the NSA spying claims. It is interesting, however, that Franco-American company Alcatel-Lucent announced the day after Cisco report its poor China results that it had won the largest market share in China Mobile’s network for Enhanced Packet Core (EPC) technology among all vendors (including Chinese based vendors). Alcatel-Lucent sells in China through a joint venture established in 1984. Perhaps Alcatel-Lucent is not feeling the same issues as other large US technology firms because it is technically a French company, but it’s long standing JV and the relationships established by this JV in China also has likely played a role in its ability to so far overcome the political backlash that other large US technology companies have experienced.
 
While China based Internet companies like Baidu (search engine), Alibaba (e-commerce) and Tencent (social media and gaming), have generally become dominant in their home market, China based IT centric companies Huawei and Lenovo have established global businesses which have led to weakening fundamentals for Western suppliers of communications equipment and personal computers.  Huawei generated sales of $35.4 billion in 2012 and is now comparable in size to Western leaders Ericsson and Cisco.  The dramatic success of Huawei over the past fifteen years contributed to the bankruptcy of Nortel, the failed mergers of Alcatel with Lucent and Nokia with Siemens, and the lackluster stock performance of Ericsson and Cisco.  Lenovo became the world’s largest supplier of personal computers in 2Q13 with both IDC and Gartner estimating their market share at 16.7% surpassing both HP and Dell for the first time.  In 2009, Lenovo ranked fourth in the world in PC shipments with about 7% share.  While HP and Dell continue to suffer from the fundamental shift from PCs to tablets and smartphones, the loss of market share to Lenovo over the past few years intensified this fundamental issue for both companies and was likely a contributing factor to Dell deciding to go private through an LBO to realign the company and pursue a more Enterprise IT and Services strategy. 
 
While US Internet companies and global IT equipment suppliers such as Microsoft, Cisco, HP and others have had either difficulties succeeding in the China market, or face significant competitive pressures from China based IT global competitors such as Huawei and Lenovo, there are examples of US technology companies that have succeeded in selling in China and competing globally against Chinese based competitors over an extended period of time and who so far, have not publicly acknowledged any political pressure on their respective businesses.  Two such companies are Apple and Corning.  Apple currently generates about 15% of total sales from Greater China and its operating margin in China is generally comparable with other regions.  This level of success has been achieved with Apple not yet selling iPhones to China Mobile, the largest mobile operator in the world based on subscribers.  Apple has also been vocal and active on improving working conditions in China among its supply chain companies including conducting annual audits on its suppliers; thus, thus likely helping its reputation in the country.  Corning has been in China for 25 years and competes effectively in catalytic converter substrates, LCD glass display and fiber optic cable.  The Greater China Region represents 26% of Corning total sales and is the company’s largest country by annual sales.  Corning attributes it success in China to having a very long-term perspective, developing relationships with key leaders at the local and national level on important issues such as IP protection, investing in local manufacturing and developing extra checks and balances on potential IP protection issues.  
 
While there is no magic formula for succeeding in the China market as a technology company, there are some common threads among companies that have shown success in the market.  These include, truly showing (not saying) a long-term commitment to the country, developing key relationships (including JVs) at the local and national level to help support a fair playing field and protection of IP, local manufacturing through long lived assets and R&D, understanding the risks of reputational damage when taking legal or other public action against a local company and enacting unique processes to help ensure IP is maintained.  Having products or a distribution of products that make pirating or copying of your products difficult, is also a big plus.
 
Note: The above article first appeared in the November 2013 issue of “The Cornerstone Journal of Sustainable Finance & BankingSM”



 





Cisco – What Happened and What Is Next

Posted on November 22, 2013  by  Nikos 


I recently wrote an article on Seeking Alpha on Cisco, which can be found on this link.  The key points in the article are as follows:
Cisco really surprised Wall Street when it reported last week as its guided to a decline in revenues of 8%-10% year over year. Cisco has never reported such a decline when the US is not in a recession. With US GDP growth improving in the past three quarters, but Cisco’s orders decelerating, the guidance Cisco provided is disturbing.
The weak guidance is likely due to three main points:
1. Cisco is not focused on growing its set top box business, as the company de-emphasizes lower margin solutions/products for the home given the exit of its Consumer business a few years ago and the sale of its Linksys home networking business.
2. Cisco if facing major product transitions in high end switching and routing that are likely to impact year over year sales growth for 2-4 quarters.
3. Cisco is fighting an emerging but significant battle against cloud commoditization as Amazon and other cloud operators deploy lower cost “white box” networking equipment rather than traditional equipment from companies like Cisco.  Of the three issues Cisco is facing, this is the one that investors will focus on the most longer term in determining whether to invest in the stock or not.  Cisco’s recent launch of Insieme/ACI is how the company plans to attack the threat of “white box” networking.
Cisco’s weak guidance and commentary that business slowed at the end of the quarter combined with overall finished goods inventories being slightly up sequentially is likely to lead to Cisco managing down inventories in the next quarter. This may result in lower than expected orders to Cisco’s supply chain.  Suppliers and contract manufacturers that are exposed to Cisco could be impacted by these reduced orders.  Supply chain companies that recently have had high exposure to Cisco include Cavium, EZchip and Finisar, although it is fair to say these stocks have already been hit post Cisco’s results and may be discounting the bad news.







 
Search



  Recent Posts 

The Tech IPO and M&A Conundrum


Is NY Ready for IPO Primetime?


NY Start-Up Ecosystem: What I Am Keeping An Eye On


Is U.S. Telecom Capital Spending Going Up in “Spectrum”?


Capex Continues To Surprise On the Upside


 Recent CommentsNikos on AT&T Domain 2.0 – Who Will Flinch?Dino on AT&T Domain 2.0 – Who Will Flinch?Bill Baker on Cisco – What Happened and What Is NextNikos on Cisco – What Happened and What Is NextBill Baker on Cisco – What Happened and What Is NextArchives 
June 2016
April 2015
January 2015
October 2014
March 2014
January 2014
November 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
May 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
December 2012
November 2012
October 2012

Categories 
China

Data Networking

Investing

Networking

OpenFlow

Optical

SDN

Technology

Telecommunications

Uncategorized


Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 42 other subscribers


							Email Address						











RSS - PostsRSS - Comments
 


















