










 











FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















Theravance Biopharma: Careers



 

























Site Map
Contact Us


Go












Medicines That Make a Difference®

Thinking It Through









 Theravance Biopharma is a place for advanced thinkers, people who thrive on applying insight and innovation to energize scientific discovery.
That's how our proprietary drug discovery technology got its start. And there's no telling where it will take us, thanks to proven management and a world-class scientific team who are moving our investigational medicines forward. 
We currently have great opportunities for creative, experienced and talented individuals who want to join the Theravance Biopharma team.
Beyond attractive compensation and benefits, we will provide you with a challenging and rewarding environment along with an excellent opportunity for personal and professional growth. Theravance Biopharma is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 

CareersCurrent OpeningsBenefitsSummer Internships












×
 



By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue
























Theravance Biopharma, Inc. : Investor Relations














        Skip to main navigation
      




















Site Map


Contact Us




Go


















Medicines That Make a Difference®


Finding a Way





















              Investor Relations
          






Theravance Biopharma is a diversified biopharmaceutical company with the core purpose of creating medicines that make a difference in the lives of patients suffering from serious illness.
Our pipeline of internally discovered product candidates includes potential best-in-class medicines to address the unmet needs of patients being treated for serious conditions primarily in the acute care setting. VIBATIV® (telavancin), our first commercial product, is a once-daily dual-mechanism antibiotic approved in the U.S., Europe and certain other countries for certain difficult-to-treat infections. Revefenacin (TD-4208) is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) being developed as a potential once-daily, nebulized treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Our neprilysin (NEP) inhibitor program is designed to develop selective NEP inhibitors for the treatment of a range of major cardiovascular and renal diseases, including acute and chronic heart failure, hypertension and chronic kidney diseases such as diabetic nephropathy. Our research efforts are focused in the areas of inflammation and immunology, with the goal of designing medicines that provide targeted drug delivery to tissues in the lung and gastrointestinal tract in order to maximize patient benefit and minimize risk. The first program to emerge from this research is designed to develop intestinally restricted pan-Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors for the treatment of a range of inflammatory intestinal diseases.
In addition, we have an economic interest in future payments that may be made by Glaxo Group Limited or one of its affiliates pursuant to its agreements with Innoviva, Inc. relating to certain drug development programs, including the Closed Triple (the combination of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol), currently in development for the treatment of COPD and asthma.









Stock Quote





Change
Volume
52 Week High
52 Week Low
Jul 28, 2017 7:24 PM EDT






  Copyright Nasdaq. Minimum 15 minutes delayed.







Stock Chart









News










Date
Title
 




 

                                
  07/19/17

                            


 

Summary ToggleTheravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) 




                                These Data, Combined with Positive Results from Two Phase 3 Efficacy Studies, Support NDA Filing Planned for Fourth Quarter of 2017 DUBLIN, IRELAND, Hertfordshire, england and pittsburgh – July 19, 2017 – Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: TBPH) ("Theravance Biopharma") and Mylan N.V.
                            




 

                                
  06/05/17

                            


 

Summary ToggleNew Data Highlighting in vitro Potency Advantages for VIBATIV® (telavancin) Against Difficult-to-Treat MRSA and MSSA Pathogens Reported at ASM Microbe 2017




VIBATIV (telavancin) Demonstrates Greater in vitro Activity Compared to Competitor Antibiotics Against Range of Challenging Infection Types





 

                                
  05/23/17

                            


 

Summary ToggleTheravance Biopharma and Mylan Report Additional Phase 3 Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS




Presentations Review Detailed Efficacy and Safety Data from Two Replicate Pivotal Phase 3 Studies; Report Prevalence of COPD Patients with Low Peak Inspiratory Flow Rate in Ongoing 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Trial














View all press releases »



Events & Presentations











      There are currently no events to display.
    







View all events & presentations »



























Investor Presentation
Click here for our latest investor presentation.


Proxy Materials
Click here for 2017 Proxy Materials.
































×

 





By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue



























Theravance Biopharma, Inc. : Management Team














        Skip to main navigation
      




















Site Map


Contact Us




Go


















Medicines That Make a Difference®


Finding a Way





















              Management Team
          
















      
        Rick

        E

        Winningham

      
    

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 






Rick E Winningham has served as Chairman of the board of directors since July 2013. He has served as our Chief Executive Officer since our spin‑off from Theravance, Inc. (renamed Innoviva, Inc. in January 2016) in June 2014. From October 2001 to August 2014, Mr. Winningham served as Chief Executive Officer of Theravance, Inc., where he also served as Chairman of the board of directors from April 2010 to October 2014. From 1997 to 2001 he served as President, Bristol-Myers Squibb Oncology/Immunology/Oncology Therapeutics Network (“OTN”) and also as President of Global Marketing from 2000 to 2001. In addition to operating responsibility for U.S. Oncology/Immunology/OTN at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Mr. Winningham also had full responsibility for Global Marketing in the Cardiovascular, Infectious Disease, Immunology, Oncology/Metabolics and GU/GI/Neuroscience therapeutic areas. Over a fifteen‑year period beginning in 1986 with BMS and its predecessor, Bristol‑Myers, Mr. Winningham held various U.S. and global management positions. Mr. Winningham served as a Director on the board of directors of the California Healthcare Institute (“CHI”) from November 2011 to March 2015. He was elected Chairman of CHI in January 2014, a position he held until CHI merged with Baybio to become the California Life Sciences Association (“CLSA”) in March 2015. Mr. Winningham was subsequently elected to the role of Chairman of CLSA in March 2015. He stepped down from the CLSA position in November 2015. He is a member of the board of directors of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc, and a member of the board of directors of OncoMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Winningham is a member of Biotechnology Industry Organization’s board of directors and served on the Health Section Governing Board Standing Committee on Reimbursement. Mr. Winningham holds an M.B.A. from Texas Christian University and a B.S. degree from Southern Illinois University. 

Chairman of the Board

Member of the Science and Technology Committee






      
        Renée

        D.

        Galá

      
    

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer






Renée D. Galá joined Theravance Biopharma as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer in June 2014 in connection with our spin‑off from Theravance, Inc., became Senior Vice President, Finance in July 2014 and became Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in December 2014. Ms. Galá is responsible for finance and accounting, IT, facilities, and corporate and business development activities. Prior to the Spin‑Off, Ms. Galá had been Vice President, Finance at Theravance, Inc. since January 2013. Ms. Galá joined Theravance, Inc. in June 2006, initially as Director of Financial Planning and Analysis and then as Senior Director of Finance and Procurement in July 2008. From 2001 to 2006, Ms. Galá worked at Eli Lilly and Company, where she held positions of increasing responsibility in global treasury, pharmaceutical sales, and corporate strategy/business development. Prior to joining Eli Lilly, she spent seven years in the energy industry in the U.S. and internationally in positions focused on corporate finance, project finance, and mergers and acquisitions. She is a member of the board of directors of Corcept Therapeutics Incorporated.  Ms. Galá earned a B.S. in Mathematics from Vanderbilt University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. 







      
        Brett

        K.

        Haumann,

        M.D., M.B.A.

    

Senior Vice President, Clinical Development and Chief Medical Officer






Brett K. Haumann, M.D., M.B.A., joined Theravance Biopharma in June 2014 in connection with our spin‑off from Theravance, Inc., after joining Theravance, Inc. as Vice President, Clinical Development in October 2013. He became Vice President, Clinical Development and Operations of Theravance, Inc. in March 2014 and became Senior Vice President, Clinical Development at Theravance Biopharma in December 2014. Prior to joining Theravance, Inc., Dr. Haumann served as Chief Medical Officer at Circassia Limited. Previously, Dr. Haumann held senior positions at GlaxoSmithKline, including Medicines Development Leader and Vice President Clinical Development. Dr. Haumann has more than 15 years of experience in the discovery and development of pulmonary and allergy medicines. Dr. Haumann completed his M.D. at the University of Witwatersrand Medical School, South Africa and holds an M.B.A. from Open University, United Kingdom.







      
        Sharathchandra (Sharath)

      
        S. Hegde,

        Ph.D.

    

Senior Vice President, Research






Sharathchandra (Sharath) S. Hegde, Ph.D., joined Theravance Biopharma in June 2014 in connection with the spin‑off from Theravance, Inc. and became Senior Vice President, Research in March 2016. After joining Theravance, Inc. in September 1999, Dr. Hegde held various positions in the Pharmacology Department before being promoted to Vice President, Pharmacology in June 2007 and later becoming Vice President, Discovery Biology in June 2015. Prior to joining Theravance, Inc., Dr. Hegde spent 9 years at Syntex Corporation, later acquired by Roche Holdings Ltd. Dr. Hegde obtained his Ph.D. in Pharmacology from the University of Houston and obtained his B.Pharm/M.Pharm degree in Pharmacy/Pharmacology from the University of Bombay.







      
        Frank

      
        Pasqualone

      
    

Senior Vice President and Global Head, Acute Care Business






Frank Pasqualone joined Theravance Biopharma as Senior Vice President, Operations in June 2014 in connection with our spin‑off from Theravance, Inc. Prior to the Spin‑Off, Mr. Pasqualone held the position of Senior Vice President, Operations at Theravance, Inc. since January 2014. From 2010 to 2012, he served as President of Intercontinental Region: Latin America, Middle East and Africa and also as President of Southern Europe from 2009 to 2010, at Bristol‑Myers Squibb (“BMS”). Over a 25‑year period with BMS, Mr. Pasqualone held senior management positions in the U.S. and globally. In the U.S., he was responsible for the Oncology/Virology business and led the marketing group in the Diabetes business. Since leaving BMS and prior to joining Theravance, Mr. Pasqualone was self‑employed as a part‑time consultant. Mr. Pasqualone holds an M.B.A. from University of Dayton and a B.S. in Marketing from Bowling Green State University in Ohio.







      
        Kenneth

        R.

        Pitzer,

        D.V.M.

    

Senior Vice President, Product Strategy and Commercial Planning






Kenneth R. Pitzer, D.V.M., has served as our Senior Vice President, Product Strategy and Commercial Planning since March 2016. Previously, Dr. Pitzer was Vice President, Strategic and Commercial Planning since he joined Theravance Biopharma in October 2014 from Theravance, Inc., where he held the position of Vice President, Strategic and Commercial Planning since January 2008. Dr. Pitzer joined Theravance, Inc. in 2002 as Director, New Product Planning, and held various positions in the Commercial Development Department before being promoted to Vice President, Strategic and Commercial Planning in January 2008. Prior to joining Theravance, Inc. Dr. Pitzer worked at Lederle Laboratories in sales, marketing research and product management from 1989 to 1995 and then at Cygnus, Inc., from 1995 until 2002, ultimately serving as the Vice President of Product Management. Dr. Pitzer earned a Doctor of Veterinary Medicine degree from The Ohio State University in 1987 and an M.B.A. from Carnegie‑Mellon University in 1989.







      
        Bradford

        J.

        Shafer

      
    

Executive Vice President and General Counsel






Bradford J. Shafer has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel since March 2016 and our Secretary since November 2014. Previously, he was our Senior Vice President, General Counsel since September 2014. Prior to joining Theravance Biopharma, Mr. Shafer served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary at Theravance, Inc., since August 1999. From 1996 to 1999 he served as General Counsel of Heartport, Inc., a cardiovascular medical device company. From 1993 to 1996, Mr. Shafer was a partner in the Business and Technology Group at the law firm of Brobeck, Phleger & Harrison LLP. Mr. Shafer holds a J.D. from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law, where he was Editor‑in‑Chief of The Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly, and a B.A. from the University of the Pacific, where he graduated magna cum laude.







      
        Philip

        D.

        Worboys, 

        Ph.D.

    

Senior Vice President, Translational Science






Philip D. Worboys, Ph.D., has served as our Senior Vice President, Translational Science since March 2016, where he is responsible for leading the progression of drug candidates from the discovery stage into human clinical studies, including clinical pharmacology and biomarker development as well as project management. Previously, Dr. Worboys was Vice President, Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics (“DMPK”) since he joined Theravance Biopharma in October 2014 from Theravance, Inc., where he held the position of Vice President, DMPK since November 2008. Prior to joining Theravance, Inc., he served as Senior Director, DMPK at Roche Bioscience, Inc. since 2005. From 2001 to 2005, Dr. Worboys was Senior Director, DMPK at Pfizer and an Associate Director, DMPK at Pharmacia. He spent the first part of his career in DMPK, at Merck Sharp & Dohme in Harlow, United Kingdom, and worked in various capacities at Aventis, Unilever and GlaxoSmithKline prior to that. Dr. Worboys obtained his Ph.D. degree in Pharmaceutics from Manchester University, United Kingdom. He holds a B.Sc. degree in Biochemistry from Imperial College of Science, Technology & Medicine at the University of London.







      
        Dennis

        O.

        Driver

      
    

Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer






Dennis O. Driver is the Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Theravance Biopharma. Mr. Driver joined the company in September 2014, after serving as Vice President, Human Resources of Theravance, Inc. (now called Innoviva, Inc.) since October 2007. From 2001 through 2007, Mr. Driver served as Vice President, Human Resources at various companies within the Johnson & Johnson family of businesses including Biosense Webster, Inc., Scios Inc. and Cordis Corporation. Prior to that, he held senior level human resources leadership positions with PeopleSoft, Silicon Graphics, Inc. and Acuson Corporation. He has a wealth of human resources expertise in both domestic and international operations. Mr. Driver holds a B.A. in Business Administration from Stillman College, where he graduated summa cum laude. Mr. Driver served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps.



























































×

 





By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue











Theravance Biopharma, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:57 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Theravance Biopharma, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Theravance Biopharma, Inc., a diversified biopharmaceutical company, discovers, develops, and commercializes human therapeutics. The company offers VIBATIV (telavancin), a bactericidal, once-daily injectable antibiotic to treat patients with infections due to Staphylococcus aureus and other Gram-positive bacteria. Its product candidates include TD-1792 that is in phase III clinical trials for the treatment of skin and soft tissues infections; TD-6450, a multivalent NS5A inhibitor, which is in Phase II study for Hepatitis C Virus; and Revefenacin (TD-4208), a long acting muscarinic antagonist that is in Phase III clinical studies for chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases. The company’s produ...
Theravance Biopharma, Inc., a diversified biopharmaceutical company, discovers, develops, and commercializes human therapeutics. The company offers VIBATIV (telavancin), a bactericidal, once-daily injectable antibiotic to treat patients with infections due to Staphylococcus aureus and other Gram-positive bacteria. Its product candidates include TD-1792 that is in phase III clinical trials for the treatment of skin and soft tissues infections; TD-6450, a multivalent NS5A inhibitor, which is in Phase II study for Hepatitis C Virus; and Revefenacin (TD-4208), a long acting muscarinic antagonist that is in Phase III clinical studies for chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases. The company’s product candidates also comprise Axelopran, an oral peripherally active mu opioid receptor antagonist that is in Phase II clinical trials for opioid induced constipation; Velusetrag (TD-5108), an oral and investigational medicine, which is in Phase II studies for gastrointestinal motility disorders; TD-8954, a selective 5-HT4 receptor agonist for gastrointestinal motility disorders; and TD-1473, a pan-Janus kinase inhibitor, which has completed phase I clinical studies for ulcerative colitis. In addition, it develops TD-0714, a Neprilysin inhibitor that has completed phase I clinical studies for heart failure and chronic kidney diseases; and TD-9855, an investigational norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake inhibitor, which is in Phase II clinical studies for neurogenic orthostatic hypotension. Further, the company focuses on various drug development programs, including the combination of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol for the treatment of COPD and asthma; the Inhaled Bifunctional Muscarinic Antagonist-Beta2 Agonist program, as monotherapy; and in combination with other therapeutically active components, such as an inhaled corticosteroid. Theravance Biopharma, Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is based in George Town, the Cayman Islands.
Detailed Description


Ugland HouseSouth Church StreetPO Box 309George Town,  94080Cayman IslandsFounded in 2013316 Employees



Phone: 650-808-6000

www.theravance.com







Key Executives for Theravance Biopharma, Inc.




Mr. Rick E. Winningham


      	Chairman & CEO
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.1M








Ms. Renée D. Galá


      	CFO, Senior VP & Treasurer
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $504.7K








Mr. Bradford J. Shafer


      	Executive VP, General Counsel & Secretary
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $565.9K








Mr. Frank Pasqualone


      	Chief Commercial Operations Officer & Senior VP
      


Age: 61
        

Total Annual Compensation: $490.2K








Dr. Phillip D. Worboys Ph.D.


      	Senior Vice President of Translational Science
      


Age: 47
        

Total Annual Compensation: $456.8K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Key Developments

Theravance Biopharma, Inc. and Mylan N.V. Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin
Jul 19 17
Theravance Biopharma, Inc. and Mylan N.V. announced positive results from a 12-month Phase 3 safety study of revefenacin (TD-4208), an investigational long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and a proposed once-daily, nebulized bronchodilator in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The study of 1,055 patients with COPD demonstrated that revefenacin was generally well-tolerated, and no new safety issues were identified. Rates of adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs) were low and comparable to those seen in the standard of care treatment arm. The Phase 3 safety study of revefenacin was a randomized, active-controlled parallel group trial designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of two doses of revefenacin (88 mcg or 175 mcg, inhaled once daily via a nebulizer) over a dosing period of 52 weeks, as compared to standard of care. Tiotropium (Spiriva ®), administered via a handheld device, served as the active comparator standard of care treatment arm in the study. 50% of patients in the study were using other COPD therapies, including long-acting beta-agonists (LABA) or LABA/inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Data from the trial demonstrated low rates of AEs and SAEs for both doses of revefenacin, comparable to tiotropium. Mortality rates were low, balanced across each arm of the study, and deemed by investigators as not related to study treatment. The most commonly reported adverse events were exacerbations, nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infections, and cough. Rates of COPD exacerbations were numerically lowest in the 175 mcg arm. The numerical frequency of anti-muscarinic side effects such as dry mouth and constipation was lowest in the revefenacin arms.


Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Announces New Data Highlighting in Vitro Potency Advantages for VIBATIV® (Telavancin) against Difficult-To-Treat MRSA and MSSA Pathogens Reported at ASM Microbe 2017
Jun 5 17
Theravance Biopharma, Inc. announced the presentation of positive new data from multiple studies of VIBATIV®(telavancin), the Company's proprietary FDA-approved antibiotic. Study results highlighted greater in vitro potency for VIBATIV against difficult-to-treat Staphylococcus aureus (S. aureus) pathogens, including those considered to be multidrug resistant (MDR), as compared to other commercialized antibiotics. These data were presented at ASM Microbe 2017, the annual meeting of the American Society for Microbiology (ASM), which is being held in New Orleans, June 1-5, 2017. Activity Against S. aureus Clinical Isolates Causing Skin Infections or Pneumonia with Concomitant Bacteremia:- Researchers collected and analyzed S. aureus clinical isolates causing skin and skin-structure infections (SSSI) or pneumonia with concomitant bacteremia in US hospitals from 2012-2016. Results from the study demonstrated that VIBATIV possessed potent in vitro activity against this broad range of S. aureus clinical isolates, including those classified as methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible (MRSA and MSSA). 100% of the evaluated S. aureus clinical isolates, regardless of their type and including those considered to be MDR, were susceptible to VIBATIV with an MIC90 of 0.06 µg/mL. Minimum inhibitory concentrations (MICs) are a measure used to express in vitro activity of an antibiotic against a pathogen. MIC90 is the antibiotic concentration at which 90% of isolates are inhibited. Activity Against Cystic Fibrosis-Associated S. aureus, Including Ceftaroline-Resistant MRSA:- Researchers collected and analyzed MRSA and MSSA cystic fibrosis (CF) clinical strains from three different CF centers in the US. Results from the study demonstrated that VIBATIV possessed potent in vitro activity against both MRSA and MSSA CF clinical strains, including those resistant to ceftaroline. When compared to daptomycin, ceftaroline and vancomycin, VIBATV showed the greatest in vitro potency. MICs for VIBATIV were 8-fold lower than for ceftaroline and daptomycin and 25-fold lower than for vancomycin against the CF-associated S. aureus isolates that were evaluated.


Theravance Biopharma, Inc. and Mylan N.V. Report Additional Phase 3 Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations At 2017 ATS
May 23 17
Theravance Biopharma, Inc. and Mylan N.V. announced the presentation of additional efficacy and safety data from the three-month, pivotal Phase 3 studies of revefenacin (TD-4208) at the American Thoracic Society (ATS) International Conference in Washington, D.C. Revefenacin is an investigational long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and a proposed once-daily, nebulized bronchodilator in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Researchers presented new data from the completed three-month Phase 3 studies, which included more than 1,250 patients with moderate to very severe COPD, in two separate presentations at the 2017 ATS meeting. The first presentation, which focused on efficacy outcomes, demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) and in overall treatment effect on trough FEV1 (OTE FEV1) after 12 weeks of dosing in each study and for each of the revefenacin doses studied (88 mcg once daily and 175 mcg once daily). The improvements in trough FEV1, the primary efficacy endpoint, versus placebo for the intent-to-treat populations across both studies were 118 mL and 145 mL for 88 mcg and 175 mcg, respectively (p = 0.001). Additionally, the improvements in OTE FEV1, a key secondary endpoint, versus placebo for the intent-to-treat population across both studies were 112 mL and 139 mL for 88 mcg and 175 mcg, respectively (p = 0.001). The second presentation featured safety and tolerability data from the two completed three-month Phase 3 studies. Both doses of revefenacin had comparable rates of adverse events to placebo, low rates of serious adverse events, and no clinically meaningful differences in blood parameters or electrocardiogram (ECG) data, across all treatment groups (active and placebo). As previously reported, the most commonly reported adverse events, across both trials and across all treatment groups, were exacerbations, cough, dyspnea and headache. There were no reports of blurred vision, narrow-angle glaucoma or worsening of urinary retention. Reports of dry mouth were <0.5% in the revefenacin treatment arms. Revefenacin is being developed as a once-daily, nebulized bronchodilator for the treatment of patients with COPD and will be compatible with a range of jet nebulizers. The three-month Phase 3 pivotal studies were replicate, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trials designed to provide pivotal efficacy and safety data for once-daily revefenacin over a dosing period of 12 weeks. The replicate studies enrolled a combined total of over 1,250 patients in the U.S. across a range of disease severity from moderate to very severe COPD and allowed for the concomitant use of long-acting beta agonist (LABA) and/or long-acting beta agonist/inhaled corticosteroid (LABA/ICS) products in a significant proportion (38%) of the studied population. Study investigators tested two doses (88 mcg and 175 mcg) of revefenacin inhalation solution or matched placebo administered once daily via a standard jet nebulizer in moderate to very severe COPD patients. The revefenacin Phase 3 program also includes an ongoing 12-month, open-label, active comparator safety study in more than 1,050 patients, which is expected to be completed in mid-2017. Together, the three studies enrolled approximately 2,300 patients. Should outcomes from the safety study be supportive, Theravance Biopharma expects to file a New Drug Application (NDA) for revefenacin with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) by the end of 2017. Theravance Biopharma and its affiliates have partnered with Mylan and its affiliates on the development and commercialization of nebulized revefenacin products for COPD and other respiratory diseases.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Adeda Therapeutics Company, Ltd. Americas Gendux Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Americas Hamilton Atlantic Americas Naia Limited Americas Shiningleaf Pharmaceutical Holdings Limited Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Theravance Biopharma, Inc., please visit www.theravance.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of 
         










    










 













 











 



















Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
        																																												
              

          These Data, Combined with Positive Results from Two Phase 3 Efficacy Studies, Support NDA Filing Planned for Fourth Quarter of 2017
        
















 News provided by
Mylan N.V.                    										
                       ,  Theravance Biopharma, Inc.  
Jul 19, 2017, 16:25 ET









 Share this article




























































DUBLIN and HERTFORDSHIRE, England and PITTSBURGH, July 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:    TBPH) ("Theravance Biopharma") and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ, TASE: MYL) ("Mylan") today announced positive results from a 12-month Phase 3 safety study of revefenacin (TD-4208), an investigational long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) and a proposed once-daily, nebulized bronchodilator in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The study of 1,055 patients with COPD demonstrated that revefenacin was generally well-tolerated, and no new safety issues were identified. Rates of adverse events (AEs) and serious adverse events (SAEs) were low and comparable to those seen in the standard of care treatment arm. 








"The data from this 12-month safety study build on our observations from the previous three-month efficacy studies and suggest that revefenacin has a favorable safety and tolerability profile when dosed chronically, either as a standalone therapy or when taken as an add-on to other COPD therapies including combinations of ICS and LABA," said Brett Haumann, MD, Chief Medical Officer at Theravance Biopharma. "As of today, there are no approved nebulized LAMAs, despite a significant number of COPD patients needing or preferring nebulized therapy for the treatment of their disease. Having achieved positive efficacy and tolerability data in our Phase 3 program, we and our partner Mylan believe that revefenacin is well positioned to address this important patient need. We remain on schedule to submit the NDA in the fourth quarter of 2017, which is the next step towards our goal of delivering the first once-daily nebulized bronchodilator to the COPD patient community." 
Mylan President Rajiv Malik commented, "Our revefenacin collaboration with Theravance Biopharma continues to deliver results at every step along the development path. We are very pleased with the top-line results from the 12-month safety trial and now feel we have all the data necessary to support a successful NDA filing. Should revefenacin receive approval from the FDA, we look forward to introducing this nebulized LAMA, to ensure the treatment has the greatest possible impact on the lives of patients with COPD."
The Phase 3 safety study of revefenacin was a randomized, active-controlled parallel group trial designed to evaluate the safety and tolerability of two doses of revefenacin (88 mcg or 175 mcg, inhaled once daily via a nebulizer) over a dosing period of 52 weeks, as compared to standard of care. Tiotropium (Spiriva®), administered via a handheld device, served as the active comparator standard of care treatment arm in the study. 50% of patients in the study were using other COPD therapies, including long-acting beta-agonists (LABA) or LABA/inhaled corticosteroids (ICS). Data from the trial demonstrated low rates of AEs and SAEs for both doses of revefenacin, comparable to tiotropium. Mortality rates were low, balanced across each arm of the study, and deemed by investigators as not related to study treatment. The most commonly reported adverse events were exacerbations, nasopharyngitis, upper respiratory tract infections, and cough. Rates of COPD exacerbations were numerically lowest in the 175 mcg arm. The numerical frequency of anti-muscarinic side effects such as dry mouth and constipation was lowest in the revefenacin arms. Theravance Biopharma and Mylan plan to present more detailed results from the study at upcoming scientific conferences.
The companies previously reported positive results from two pivotal Phase 3 efficacy studies of revefenacin, which included more than 1,250 patients with moderate to very severe COPD. In these studies, revefenacin demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements over placebo in trough forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1) and in overall treatment effect on trough FEV1 (OTE FEV1) after 12 weeks of dosing. The data from these studies, combined with the results announced today, will support the submission of the new drug application (NDA) for revefenacin with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), anticipated in the fourth quarter of 2017. 
Theravance Biopharma and its affiliates have partnered with Mylan and its affiliates on the development and commercialization of nebulized revefenacin products for COPD and other respiratory diseases. The companies are developing revefenacin as a once-daily, nebulized bronchodilator for the treatment of patients with COPD that will be compatible with a range of jet nebulizers. 
About Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Strategic Collaboration
Theravance Biopharma and Mylan N.V. and their respective affiliates have established a strategic collaboration to develop and commercialize nebulized revefenacin products for COPD and other respiratory diseases. Under the terms of the agreement, Theravance Biopharma is leading the U.S. development program for the revefenacin inhalation solution product, with all costs related to the registrational program reimbursed by Mylan up until the approval of the first new drug application, after which costs will be shared. Mylan is responsible for ex-U.S. development and commercialization. Theravance Biopharma is eligible to receive up to $220 million in development and sales milestone payments, as well as a profit-sharing arrangement with Mylan on U.S. sales and double-digit royalties on ex-U.S. sales. Additionally, Theravance Biopharma retains worldwide rights to revefenacin delivered through other dosage forms, such as a metered dose inhaler or dry powder inhaler (MDI/DPI), and the rights to nebulized revefenacin in China. 
About COPD
COPD is a growing and devastating disease that is the third leading cause of death in the U.S.1 An estimated 12.7 million American adults are diagnosed with COPD and an almost equal number are believed to be undiagnosed.2 There were more than 700,000 hospital discharges related to COPD in the U.S. reported in 2010. The costs of managing COPD in the U.S. were estimated to be nearly $50 billion in 2010, including $29.5 billion in direct healthcare expenditures, $8 billion in indirect morbidity costs and $12.4 billion in indirect mortality costs.2 
About Revefenacin
Revefenacin (TD-4208) is a novel investigational once-daily nebulized LAMA in Phase 3 development for the treatment of moderate to very severe COPD. Market research by Theravance Biopharma indicates approximately 9% of the treated COPD patients in the U.S. use nebulizers for ongoing maintenance therapy.3 LAMAs are a cornerstone of maintenance therapy for COPD and, if approved, revefenacin has the potential to be a best-in-class once-daily single-agent product for COPD patients who require, or prefer, nebulized therapy. The product's stability in both metered dose inhaler and dry powder device formulations, suggest that this LAMA could also serve as a foundation for novel handheld combination products.
About Theravance Biopharma
Theravance Biopharma is a diversified biopharmaceutical company with the core purpose of creating medicines that that help improve the lives of patients suffering from serious illness. 
Our pipeline of internally discovered product candidates includes potential best-in-class medicines to address the unmet needs of patients being treated for serious conditions primarily in the acute care setting. VIBATIV® (telavancin), our first commercial product, is a once-daily dual-mechanism antibiotic approved in the U.S., Europe and certain other countries for certain difficult-to-treat infections. Revefenacin (TD-4208) is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) being developed as a potential once-daily, nebulized treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Our neprilysin (NEP) inhibitor program is designed to develop selective NEP inhibitors for the treatment of a range of major cardiovascular and renal diseases, including acute and chronic heart failure, hypertension and chronic kidney diseases, such as diabetic nephropathy. Our research efforts are focused in the areas of inflammation and immunology, with the goal of designing medicines that provide targeted drug delivery to tissues in the lung and intestinal tract in order to maximize patient benefit and minimize risk. The first program to emerge from this research is designed to develop intestinally restricted pan-Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors for the treatment of a range of inflammatory intestinal diseases. 
In addition, we have an economic interest in future payments that may be made by Glaxo Group Limited or one of its affiliates (GSK) pursuant to its agreements with Innoviva, Inc. relating to certain drug development programs, including the Closed Triple (the combination of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol), currently in development for the treatment of COPD and asthma.
For more information, please visit www.theravance.com.
THERAVANCE®, the Cross/Star logo and VIBATIV® are registered trademarks of the Theravance Biopharma group of companies. Trademarks, trade names or service marks of other companies appearing on this press release are the property of their respective owners.
This press release contains certain "forward-looking" statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, statements relating to goals, plans, objectives, expectations and future events. Theravance Biopharma intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of such statements include statements relating to: the company's strategies, plans and objectives, the company's regulatory strategies and timing of clinical studies, the potential benefits and mechanisms of action of the company's product and product candidates, the company's expectations for product candidates through development, potential regulatory approval and commercialization (including their potential as components of combination therapies) and the company's expectations for product sales. These statements are based on the current estimates and assumptions of the management of Theravance Biopharma as of the date of the press release and are subject to risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances, assumptions and other factors that may cause the actual results of Theravance Biopharma to be materially different from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include, among others, risks related to: delays or difficulties in commencing or completing clinical studies, the potential that results from clinical or non-clinical studies indicate the company's product candidates are unsafe or ineffective (including when our product candidates are studied in combination with other compounds),the feasibility of undertaking future clinical trials for our product candidates based on FDA policies and feedback, dependence on third parties to conduct clinical studies, delays or failure to achieve and maintain regulatory approvals for product candidates, risks of collaborating with or relying on third parties to discover, develop and commercialize product and product candidates, and risks associated with establishing and maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities with appropriate technical expertise and supporting infrastructure. Other risks affecting Theravance Biopharma are described under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in Theravance Biopharma's Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on May 9, 2017 and Theravance Biopharma's other filings with the SEC. In addition to the risks described above and in Theravance Biopharma's filings with the SEC, other unknown or unpredictable factors also could affect Theravance Biopharma's results. No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from such statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Theravance Biopharma assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements on account of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
About Mylan
Mylan is a global pharmaceutical company committed to setting new standards in healthcare. Working together around the world to provide 7 billion people access to high quality medicine, we innovate to satisfy unmet needs; make reliability and service excellence a habit; do what's right, not what's easy; and impact the future through passionate global leadership. We offer a growing portfolio of more than 7,500 marketed products around the world, including antiretroviral therapies on which approximately 50% of people being treated for HIV/AIDS in the developing world depend. We market our products in more than 165 countries and territories. We are one of the world's largest producers of active pharmaceutical ingredients. Every member of our more than 35,000-strong workforce is dedicated to creating better health for a better world, one person at a time. 
Learn more at Mylan.com.
This press release includes statements that constitute "forward-looking statements," including with regard to the anticipated filing of a NDA with FDA for revefenacin in the fourth quarter of 2017; suggestions that revefenacin has a favorable safety and tolerability profile; that Theravance Biopharma and Mylan believe that revefenacin is well positioned to address an important patient need; Theravance Biopharma and Mylan remaining on schedule to submit the NDA in the fourth quarter of 2017, which is the next step towards their goal of delivering the first once-daily nebulized bronchodilator to the COPD patient community; Theravance Biopharma and Mylan having all the data necessary to support a successful NDA filing; Mylan looking forward to introducing the nebulized LAMA, to ensure the treatment has the greatest possible impact on the lives of patients with COPD; Theravance Biopharma and Mylan planning to present results from the study at upcoming conferences; revefenacin being compatible with a range of jet nebulizers; revefenacin having the potential to be a best-in-class once-daily single-agent product for COPD patients who require, or prefer, nebulized therapy; and the product's stability in both metered dose inhaler and dry powder device formulations, suggesting that this LAMA could also serve as a foundation for novel handheld combination products. These statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Because such statements inherently involve risks and uncertainties, actual future results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: success of clinical trials and our or our partners' ability to execute on new product opportunities; any regulatory, legal or other impediments to our or our partners' ability to bring products to market; other risks inherent in product development; the scope, timing, and outcome of any ongoing legal proceedings, including government investigations, and the impact of any such proceedings on our or our partners' businesses; actions and decisions of healthcare and pharmaceutical regulators, and changes in healthcare and pharmaceutical laws and regulations, in the United States and abroad; the impact of competition; strategies by competitors or other third parties to delay or prevent product introductions; the effect of any changes in our or our partners' customer and supplier relationships and customer purchasing patterns; any other changes in third-party relationships; changes in the economic and financial conditions of the businesses of Mylan or its partners; uncertainties and matters beyond the control of management; and the other risks detailed in Mylan's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Mylan undertakes no obligation to update these statements for revisions or changes after the date of this release. 
References
1American Lung Association. "Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)" http://www.lung.org/lung-health-and-diseases/lung-disease-lookup/copd. Accessed on September 29, 2016.
2American Lung Association. "Trends in COPD (Chronic Bronchitis and Emphysema): Morbidity and Mortality" http://www.lung.org/assets/documents/research/copd-trend-report.pdf. Accessed on September 29, 2016.
3TBPH market research (N = 160 physicians); Refers to US COPD patients
 
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/theravance-biopharma-and-mylan-announce-positive-results-from-12-month-phase-3-safety-study-of-revefenacin-td-4208-in-patients-with-chronic-obstructive-pulmonary-disease-copd-300491058.html
SOURCE Mylan N.V.; Theravance Biopharma, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.mylan.com



 


















May 23, 2017, 09:15 ET
Preview: Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Report Additional Phase 3 Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











May 23, 2017, 09:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Report Additional Phase 3 Data for...








 











May 17, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Theravance Biopharma and Mylan to Present Additional Data for...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries








 You just read:
Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)


 News provided by
Mylan N.V.           			      															
      					        				  , Theravance Biopharma, Inc.  
Jul 19, 2017, 16:25 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













    TBPH Key Statistics - Theravance Biopharma Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Theravance Biopharma Inc.

                  NASDAQ: TBPH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Theravance Biopharma Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:30 p.m.


TBPH

/quotes/zigman/33700546/composite


$
32.81




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 3,609
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/33700546/composite
Today's close

$
			33.48
		


$
				32.81
			
Change

-0.67
-2.00%





Day low
Day high
$32.60
$34.39










52 week low
52 week high

            $23.80
        

            $43.44
        

















			Company Description 


			Theravance Biopharma, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company, which focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of small molecule medicines. Its products include telavancin under the VIBATIV brand, revefenacin under the TD 4208 brand and neprilysin. The company was founded on J...
		


                Theravance Biopharma, Inc. operates as a biopharmaceutical company, which focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of small molecule medicines. Its products include telavancin under the VIBATIV brand, revefenacin under the TD 4208 brand and neprilysin. The company was founded on July 2013 and is headquartered in George Town, Cayman Islands.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-8.34


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-8.58


Price to Sales Ratio
29.30


Price to Book Ratio
4.81


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-9.35


Enterprise Value to Sales
49.77


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.19

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
153,949.00


Income Per Employee
-603,383.00


Receivables Turnover
2.08


Total Asset Turnover
0.10

Liquidity

Current Ratio
10.73


Quick Ratio
10.48


Cash Ratio
10.17



Profitability

Gross Margin
87.64


Operating Margin
-370.96


Pretax Margin
-371.15


Net Margin
-391.94


Return on Assets
-40.60


Return on Equity
-64.27


Return on Total Capital
-46.73


Return on Invested Capital
-46.73

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
63.58


Total Debt to Total Capital
38.87


Total Debt to Total Assets
34.83


Long-Term Debt to Equity
63.58


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
38.87





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Rick E. Winningham 
56
2013
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Ms. Renee D. Gala 
44
2014
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & SVP



Dr. Sharath S. Hegde 
53
2014
Senior Vice President-Research



Dr. Brett K. Haumann 
46
2014
Chief Medical Officer & SVP-Clinical Development



Mr. Frank C. Pasqualone 
61
2014
Chief Commercial Operations Officer & Senior VP





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/20/2017

Rick E. Winningham 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

15,460


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


569,391


05/20/2017

Renee D. Gala 
SVP, Chief Financial Officer

6,753


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


248,712


05/20/2017

Frank C. Pasqualone 
SVP, Chief Comm Ops Officer

5,820


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


214,350


05/20/2017

Philip Worboys 
SVP, Translational Science

5,503


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


202,675


05/20/2017

Sharath S. Hegde 
SVP, Research

5,177


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


190,668


05/20/2017

Kenneth R. Pitzer                            
SVP, Prod Strat & Comm Plng

5,014


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


184,665


05/20/2017

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

7,065


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


260,203


05/20/2017

Bradford J. Shafer 
EVP, Gen. Counsel, Secretary

7,079


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $36.83 per share.


260,719


05/17/2017

George M. Whitesides 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Robert V. Gunderson 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

William D. Young 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Burton Gordon Malkiel 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Peter S. Ringrose 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Dean Jonathan Mitchell 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Henrietta Holsman Fore 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Eran Broshy 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Susan M. Molineaux 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/17/2017

Donal M. O'Connor 
Director

6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/07/2017

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

424


 
Disposition at $30.8 per share.


13,059


03/06/2017

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

13,576


 
Disposition at $31.52 per share.


427,915


03/03/2017

Bradford J. Shafer 
EVP, Gen. Counsel, Secretary

26,829


 
Disposition at $31.86 per share.


854,771


02/20/2017

Rick E. Winningham 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

33,264


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


1,123,657


02/20/2017

Junning Lee 
Sr. VP, Technical Operations

9,611


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


324,659


02/20/2017

Renee D. Gala 
SVP, Chief Financial Officer

10,211


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


344,927


02/20/2017

Frank C. Pasqualone 
SVP, Chief Comm Ops Officer

8,762


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


295,980


02/20/2017

Philip Worboys 
SVP, Translational Science

10,397


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


351,210


02/20/2017

Sharath S. Hegde 
SVP, Research

10,138


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


342,461


02/20/2017

Kenneth R. Pitzer                            
SVP, Prod Strat & Comm Plng

10,030


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


338,813


02/20/2017

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

14,434


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


487,580


02/20/2017

Bradford J. Shafer 
EVP, Gen. Counsel, Secretary

12,440


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $33.78 per share.


420,223


02/06/2017

Rick E. Winningham 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

28,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Renee D. Gala 
SVP, Chief Financial Officer

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Frank C. Pasqualone 
SVP, Chief Comm Ops Officer

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Philip Worboys 
SVP, Translational Science

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Sharath S. Hegde 
SVP, Research

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Kenneth R. Pitzer                            
SVP, Prod Strat & Comm Plng

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/06/2017

Bradford J. Shafer 
EVP, Gen. Counsel, Secretary

9,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/20/2016

Rick E. Winningham 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

8,360


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


267,185


11/20/2016

Junning Lee 
Sr. VP, Technical Operations

3,785


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


120,968


11/20/2016

Renee D. Gala 
SVP, Chief Financial Officer

4,628


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


147,910


11/20/2016

Philip Worboys 
SVP, Translational Science

2,104


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


67,243


11/20/2016

Sharath S. Hegde 
SVP, Research

1,845


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


58,966


11/20/2016

Kenneth R. Pitzer                            
SVP, Prod Strat & Comm Plng

1,727


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


55,194


11/20/2016

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

5,388


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


172,200


11/20/2016

Bradford J. Shafer 
EVP, Gen. Counsel, Secretary

4,008


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $31.96 per share.


128,095


08/25/2016

Brett K. Haumann 
SVP Clin Dev & Chief Med Ofc

4,491


 
Disposition at $27.99 per share.


125,703


08/22/2016

Bradford J. Shafer 
EVP, Gen. Counsel, Secretary

37,078


 
Disposition at $27.16 per share.


1,007,038








/news/latest/company/us/tbph

      MarketWatch News on TBPH
    




 Theravance Biopharma downgraded to underperform from neutral at RW Baird
7:02 a.m. Oct. 12, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Theravance Biopharma downgraded to underperform from neutral at BofA Merrill Lynch
11:44 a.m. Aug. 3, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Investors shouldn’t fear this pullback, they should embrace it
11:11 a.m. Aug. 3, 2016
 - The Trading Deck




 Theravance Biopharma started at outperform with $26 stock price target at Leerink Partners
7:28 a.m. May 12, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/tbph

      Other News on TBPH
    





Theravance and Mylan's revefenacin safe in late-stage COPD study

4:59 p.m. July 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Q3 Biotech Catalyst Watch: Phase 3 Data Releases (Part 2)

11:48 a.m. July 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Q3 Biotech Catalyst Watch: Phase 2 Data Releases (Part 1)

12:35 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Valeant viewed brightly by Cantor, as specialty pharmas move past old model

6:27 p.m. June 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Premarket analyst action - healthcare

8:11 a.m. June 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Theravance (TBPH) Down 5.8% Since Earnings Report: Can It Rebound?

7:09 a.m. June 13, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Novartis (NVS) Reports Positive Data on Ultibro Breezhaler

7:11 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Theravance/Mylan Presents Phase III Data on COPD Candidate

10:27 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Theravance and Mylan's COPD candidate revefenacin successful in late-stage studies

10:33 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





4 Biotech Firms That Have Crossed My Radar

5:32 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Tracking Seth Klarman's Baupost Group Holdings - Q1 2017 Update

10:02 a.m. May 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Seth Klarman Backs Out of Innoviva Days After Activist Stakeholder Defeated

6:20 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Theravance Biopharma's (TBPH) CEO Rick Winningham on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

9:06 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Antimicrobial Resistance Crisis

8:42 a.m. April 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Theravance (TBPH) Up 17.5% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue?

7:20 a.m. March 30, 2017
 - Zacks.com




 10-K: THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA, INC.
7:19 a.m. March 1, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Theravance (TBPH) Q4 Loss Wider than Expected, Revenues Beat

10:39 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Theravance Biopharma's (TBPH) CEO Rick Winningham on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

1:08 a.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Tracking Seth Klarman's Baupost Group Holdings - Q4 2016 Update

6:57 a.m. Feb. 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Theravance's Infection Drug Vibativ Positive in TOUR Study

10:55 a.m. Jan. 24, 2017
 - Zacks.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Theravance Biopharma, Inc.
Ugland House
South Church Street
Grand Cayman
George Town, GT KY1-1104




Phone
1 6508086000


Industry
Biotechnology


Sector
Health Care/Life Sciences


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$48.65M


Net Income
$-190.67M


2016 Sales Growth 
15.5%


Employees

        316.00


Annual Report for TBPH











/news/pressrelease/company/us/tbph

      Press Releases on TBPH
    




 North America Chronic Idiopathic Constipation Drug Market Forecast 2017-2025
3:03 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Europe Chronic Idiopathic Constipation Drug Market Forecast 2017-2025
2:56 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
4:25 p.m. July 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)
4:25 p.m. July 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Global Hospital-acquired Pneumonia (HAP) Drugs Market 2017-2021
2:48 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 New Data Highlighting in vitro Potency Advantages for VIBATIV® (telavancin) Against Difficult-to-Treat MRSA and MSSA Pathogens Reported at ASM Microbe 2017
8:30 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Report Additional Phase 3 Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS
9:15 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Report Additional Phase 3 Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS
9:15 a.m. May 23, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan to Present Additional Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS
8:30 a.m. May 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma and Mylan to Present Additional Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS
8:30 a.m. May 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Provides Business Update
4:05 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Investor Network: Theravance Biopharma Inc to Host Earnings Call
1:45 p.m. May 9, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Theravance Biopharma to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 9, 2017
8:30 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma to Present at the Deutsche Bank 42nd Annual Health Care Conference
8:30 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 New Data for VIBATIV® (telavancin) Reported in Several Presentations at ECCMID 2017
8:30 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma Reports Positive Clinical Response Rates for Patients in TOUR™ Observational Patient Registry in Several Presentations at ECCMID 2017
8:30 a.m. April 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma to Present New Data from Multiple Studies of VIBATIV® (telavancin), Including Preliminary Results from TOUR™ Observational Patient Registry, at 2017 ECCMID Conference
8:05 a.m. April 18, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Theravance Biopharma to Present at the 16th Annual Needham Healthcare Conference
8:30 a.m. March 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Annexon Biosciences Appoints Bill Young as Chairman and Adds Tom 
      Wiggans to Board of Directors
10:00 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update
5:05 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:57 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
































































FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 






































 



 Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides 
         










    










 













 











 



















Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update
        																													
              

          Key Program Milestones Anticipated in 2017 and 2018
        
















 News provided by
Theravance Biopharma, Inc.  
Feb 27, 2017, 16:45 ET









 Share this article




























































DUBLIN, Feb. 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (NASDAQ:    TBPH) ("Theravance Biopharma" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016. Revenue for the fourth quarter and full year of 2016 was $5.7 million and $48.6 million, respectively. Full year 2016 operating loss was $180.5 million. Full year operating loss excluding share-based compensation was $139.3 million, in line with the Company's previously stated guidance of approximately $140 million. Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaled $592.7 million as of December 31, 2016.








Rick E Winningham, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, commented: "2016 was a year of significant progress for Theravance Biopharma. We made important clinical gains in multiple programs, including advancements for our JAK inhibitor program in ulcerative colitis and our Phase 3 revefenacin program in COPD, as well as in two of our mid-stage assets – TD-9855 in neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (nOH) and velusetrag in gastroparesis. We continued to focus on executing our commercial and label expansion strategies for VIBATIV®, and reported positive data from our TOUR™ study. We significantly strengthened our cash reserves, positioning us to drive key programs through important value inflection points.
"We are focused on continuing our momentum from 2016, and we have an extensive line up of milestones anticipated in 2017 and 2018. We believe the programs we are pursuing will provide valuable and differentiated therapeutic options for patients with unmet needs. With our pipeline of proprietary and partnered assets, combined with our economic interest in the GSK closed triple program and strong balance sheet, we believe we are well-positioned to generate significant value for patients and shareholders in the near- and long-term." 
Pipeline Update and Recent Highlights

Intestinally Restricted Pan-Janus Kinase (JAK) Inhibitor Program for Ulcerative Colitis and Other Inflammatory Bowel Diseases: 
     
TD-1473: Enrollment underway in a Phase 1b trial in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis, following results of the Phase 1 single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) studies in healthy volunteers demonstrating favorable tolerability and minimal systemic exposure.   

Advancing Mid-Stage Assets: TD-9855 and Velusetrag 
     
TD-9855 (dual norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake inhibitor (NSRI)): Enrollment underway in a Phase 2a study in patients with nOH; the study protocol is being amended to allow patients who respond to continue beyond a single dose. 
Velusetrag (5-HT4 agonist): Enrollment recently completed in the Phase 2b study in idiopathic and diabetic gastroparesis patients; Fast Track designation granted by US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in Q4 2016.

Neprilysin (NEP) Inhibitor Program for Cardiovascular and Renal Diseases: 
     
TD-0714: Results announced from a Phase 1 MAD study in healthy volunteers in Q4 2016. Phase 1 program complete and results supportive of further compound development.  
TD-1439: Phase 1 SAD study in healthy volunteers completed in Q1 2017. Results support program objectives, with TD-1439 demonstrating sustained 24-hour target engagement, low levels of renal elimination and a favorable tolerability profile.

Revefenacin (TD-4208) Program: Once-Daily Nebulized Long-Acting Muscarinic Antagonist (LAMA) for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD); partnered with Mylan: 
     
Results announced in two pivotal three-month Phase 3 efficacy studies in patients with COPD in Q4 2016. Both studies met their primary endpoint, demonstrating statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvements in trough lung function after 12 weeks of dosing revefenacin, both in patients who had no other COPD medications and in those who were also using background COPD treatments (including LABA and LABA/ICS). Revefenacin was also shown to be generally well-tolerated at both doses studied (88 mcg and 175 mcg). 
Preparing to initiate a Phase 3b study of revefenacin in patients with low peak inspiratory flow rate (PIFR), designed to support commercialization.

VIBATIV® (telavancin): 
     
For the full year, U.S. net product sales of VIBATIV increased 100% to $17.6 million. 
Enrollment complete in the Telavancin Observational Use Registry (TOURTM) study in Q1 2017. Initial data show positive clinical responses in patients with bacteremia, endocarditis, osteomyelitis, skin and respiratory infections.  

Closed Triple (the combination of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol)1: 
     
Regulatory filings complete in the US and EU for COPD, and Phase 3 CAPTAIN trial in asthma initiated, all in Q4 2016. 


Expected Upcoming Milestones 

TD-1439 (NEP inhibitor): Completion of the Phase 1 MAD study in healthy volunteers in 1H 2017. 
TD-1473 (JAK inhibitor): Data from the Phase 1b study in patients with ulcerative colitis in mid-2017. 
TD-3504 (JAK inhibitor): Initiation of a Phase 1 study expected in 1H 2017. 
Velusetrag (TD-5108): Completion of the Phase 2b study in patients with gastroparesis in mid-2017. 
TD-9855 (NSRI): Data from a Phase 2a study in patients with nOH in 2017. 
Revefenacin (TD-4208): Completion of the 12-month Phase 3 safety study in patients with COPD in mid-2017; potential NDA filing in late 2017; completion of the Phase 3b PIFR study in early 2018; potential regulatory approval in the US for COPD in 2018. 
VIBATIV: TOURTM study data to be published throughout 2017; completion of the Phase 3 registrational bacteremia study in 2018, to be followed by potential sNDA submission in the US for bacteremia. 
Closed Triple1: Completion of the Phase 3 IMPACT study in 2017; potential regulatory approval in the US and EU for COPD in late 2017; Phase 3 CAPTAIN study completion in asthma patients and supplementary regulatory submissions for asthma in 2018.

Notes:1As reported by Glaxo Group Limited or one of its affiliates (GSK)
Fourth Quarter Financial Results
Revenue
Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $5.7 million, primarily related to U.S. net product sales of VIBATIV® of $5.0 million. This represents an increase of $1.9 million over the same period in 2015.  Full year 2016 revenue was $48.6 million, comprised of $31.0 million in revenue from collaborative arrangements and U.S. net product sales of VIBATIV® of $17.6 million. 
Research and Development (R&D) Expenses
R&D expenses for the fourth quarter of 2016 were $42.0 million representing an increase of $9.6 million compared to the same period in 2015. The increase is primarily attributed to costs associated with the progression of our priority programs. Full year R&D expenses were $141.7 million, or $121.5 million excluding share-based compensation.
Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) Expenses
SG&A expenses for the fourth quarter were $20.4 million, representing a decrease of $3.7 million compared to the same period in 2015. The decrease is driven by lower costs associated with share-based compensation and lower external sales and marketing expenses. Full year SG&A expenses were $84.5 million, or $63.5 million excluding shared-based compensation expense.
Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
Cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaled $592.7 million as of December 31, 2016, an increase of $377.4 million as compared to December 31, 2015.  The increase is primarily due to net proceeds received by the Company related to financing activities completed in 2016, offset by funds used in operations.
2017 Financial Guidance
We expect to fund advancements across all stages of our development pipeline, including investment towards the key program milestones anticipated in 2017 and 2018. We anticipate our full year 2017 operating loss, excluding share-based compensation, will be in the range of $195.0 to $205.0 million. The actual amount could be above or below this forecast as a result of a variety of factors impacting our business, including business development transactions, the timing and cost of clinical and non-clinical studies associated with our priority programs, and net product sales of VIBATIV®.
Conference Call Today at 5:00 pm ET 
Theravance Biopharma will hold a conference call today at 5:00 pm ET. To participate in the live call by telephone, please dial (855) 296-9648 from the U.S., or (920) 663-6266 for international callers, using the confirmation code 56971538. Those interested in listening to the conference call live via the internet may do so by visiting Theravance Biopharma's website at www.theravance.com, under the Investor Relations section, Presentations and Events. Please go to the website 15 minutes prior to the start of the call to register, download, and install any necessary audio software. 
A replay of the conference call will be available on Theravance Biopharma's website for 30 days through March 29, 2017. An audio replay will also be available through 8:00 pm ET on March 6, 2017 by dialing (855) 859-2056 from the U.S., or (404) 537-3406 for international callers, and then entering confirmation code 56971538.
About Theravance Biopharma
Theravance Biopharma is a diversified biopharmaceutical company with the core purpose of creating medicines that help improve the lives of patients suffering from serious illness.  
Our pipeline of internally discovered product candidates includes potential best-in-class medicines to address the unmet needs of patients being treated for serious conditions primarily in the acute care setting. VIBATIV® (telavancin), our first commercial product, is a once-daily dual-mechanism antibiotic approved in the U.S., Europe and certain other countries for certain difficult-to-treat infections. Revefenacin (TD-4208) is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) being developed as a potential once-daily, nebulized treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Our neprilysin (NEP) inhibitor program is designed to develop selective NEP inhibitors for the treatment of a range of major cardiovascular and renal diseases, including acute and chronic heart failure, hypertension and chronic kidney diseases, such as diabetic nephropathy. Our research efforts are focused in the areas of inflammation and immunology, with the goal of designing medicines that provide targeted drug delivery to tissues in the lung and gastrointestinal tract in order to maximize patient benefit and minimize risk. The first program to emerge from this research is designed to develop intestinally restricted-targeted pan-Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors for the treatment of a range of inflammatory intestinal diseases.  
In addition, we have an economic interest in future payments that may be made by Glaxo Group Limited or one of its affiliates (GSK) pursuant to its agreements with Innoviva, Inc. relating to certain drug development programs, including the Closed Triple (the combination of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol), currently in development for the treatment of COPD and asthma.
For more information, please visit www.theravance.com.
THERAVANCE®, the Cross/Star logo, and VIBATIV® are registered trademarks of the Theravance Biopharma group of companies. Trademarks, trade names or service marks of other companies appearing on this press release are the property of their respective owners.
This press release contains and the conference call will contain certain "forward-looking" statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, statements relating to goals, plans, objectives, expectations and future events. Theravance Biopharma intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of such statements include statements relating to: the Company's strategies, plans and objectives, the timing of clinical studies and the timing of announcement of data or results from clinical studies, the potential benefits and mechanisms of action of the Company's product and product candidates, the Company's expectations for product candidates through development, potential regulatory approval and commercialization (including their potential as components of combination therapies), product sales and the Company's expectations for its 2017 operating loss, excluding share-based compensation. These statements are based on the current estimates and assumptions of the management of Theravance Biopharma as of the date of the press release and the conference call and are subject to risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances, assumptions and other factors that may cause the actual results of Theravance Biopharma to be materially different from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include, among others, risks related to: delays or difficulties in commencing or completing clinical studies, variability in rates of enrollment and associated spending for planned or ongoing clinical studies, the potential that results from clinical or non-clinical studies indicate the Company's product candidates are unsafe or ineffective (including when our product candidates are studied in combination with other compounds), the feasibility of undertaking future clinical trials for our product candidates based on FDA policies and feedback, dependence on third parties to conduct clinical studies, delays or failure to achieve and maintain regulatory approvals for product candidates, risks of collaborating with or relying on third parties to discover, develop, manufacture and commercialize products, risks associated with establishing and maintaining sales, marketing and distribution capabilities with appropriate technical expertise and supporting infrastructure, and risks of developing an institutional customer mix for VIBATIV® (telavancin) that meet the Company's plan for the product. Other risks affecting Theravance Biopharma are described under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in Theravance Biopharma's Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on November 9, 2016. In addition to the risks described above and in Theravance Biopharma's filings with the SEC, other unknown or unpredictable factors also could affect Theravance Biopharma's results. No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from such statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Theravance Biopharma assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements on account of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Contact Information:
Alexander DobbinHead of Investor Relations650-808-4045investor.relations@theravance.com




 THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA, INC. 


 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 


 (In thousands, except per share data) 



















 Three Months Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 




 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 




 (Unaudited) 

 (Unaudited) 

 (1) 


 Revenue: 














 Product sales   

 $ 
 5,032 

 $ 
 3,693 

 $ 
 17,603 

 $ 
 9,408 


 Revenue from collaborative arrangements   


 660 


 200 


 31,045 


 32,718 


 Total revenue  


 5,692 


 3,893 


 48,648 


 42,126 

















 Costs and expenses: 














 Cost of goods sold 


 1,146 


 3,200 


 2,894 


 4,657 


 Research and development (2) 


 42,013 


 32,403 


 141,712 


 129,165 


 Selling, general and administrative (2) 


 20,366 


 24,064 


 84,509 


 90,203 


 Total costs and expenses   


 63,526 


 59,667 


 229,115 


 224,025 


 Loss from operations   


 (57,834) 


 (55,774) 


 (180,467) 


 (181,899) 


 Interest expense 


 (185) 


 - 


 (1,404) 


 - 


 Interest and other income 


 (745) 


 110 


 1,312 


 631 


 Loss before income taxes   


 (58,764) 


 (55,664) 


 (180,559) 


 (181,268) 


 Provision for income taxes 


 8,568 


 (10,836) 


 10,110 


 951 


 Net loss   

 $ 
 (67,332) 

 $ 
 (44,828) 

 $ 
 (190,669) 

 $ 
 (182,219) 

















 Net loss per share: 














 Basic and diluted net loss per share   

 $ 
 (1.36) 

 $ 
 (1.23) 

 $ 
 (4.26) 

 $ 
 (5.34) 


 Shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share   


 49,570 


 36,513 


 44,711 


 34,150 















































 (1)  The condensed consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 

















 (2)  Amounts include share-based compensation expense as follows: 



















 Three Months Ended December 31, 

 Year Ended December 31, 


 (In thousands) 

 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 


 Research and development  

 $ 
 5,150 

 $ 
 5,437 

 $ 
 20,202 

 $ 
 25,770 


 Selling, general and administrative  


 4,890 


 6,074 


 20,967 


 28,280 


 Total share-based compensation expense  

 $ 
 10,040 

 $ 
 11,511 

 $ 
 41,169 

 $ 
 54,050 








 THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA, INC. 


 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 


 (In thousands) 



















 December 31, 

 December 31, 



 2016 

 2015 


 Assets 
 (Unaudited) 

 (1) 


 Current assets: 





 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities 
 $ 
 501,096 

 $ 
 172,434 


 Receivables from collaborative arrangements  (2) 

 9,076 


 35,232 


 Prepaid taxes 

 3,060 


 12,764 


 Inventories   

 12,220 


 10,005 


 Other prepaid and current assets   

 3,051 


 7,037 


 Property and equipment, net   

 8,460 


 9,873 


 Long-term marketable securities 

 91,565 


 42,860 


 Restricted cash   

 833 


 833 


 Other assets 

 9,893 


 9,078 


 Total assets   
 $ 
 639,254 

 $ 
 300,116 










 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 







 Current liabilities 

 49,268 


 49,470 


 Long-term liabilities 

 239,755 


 7,581 


 Shareholders' equity 

 350,231 


 243,065 


 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 $ 
 639,254 

 $ 
 300,116 




















 ________________________________ 






 (1)  The condensed consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 






 (2)  Receivables from collaborative arrangements includes $7.8 million and $33.2 million in receivables associated with the Mylan collaboration at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 








 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/theravance-biopharma-inc-reports-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2016-financial-results-and-provides-business-update-300414189.html
SOURCE Theravance Biopharma, Inc.
 Related Links

http://theravance.com



 

















Mar 28, 2017, 08:30 ET
Preview: Theravance Biopharma to Present at the 16th Annual Needham Healthcare Conference




















Feb 17, 2017, 08:30 ET
Preview: Theravance Biopharma Presents Positive Clinical Data on TD-1473 at the 12th Congress of the European Crohn's and Colitis Organization








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 19, 2017, 16:25 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from...








 











Jun 05, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              New Data Highlighting in vitro Potency Advantages for VIBATIV®...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Earnings Forecasts & Projections








 You just read:
Theravance Biopharma, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update


 News provided by
Theravance Biopharma, Inc.  
Feb 27, 2017, 16:45 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


























Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























About Us




 

























Site Map
Contact Us


Go












Medicines That Make a Difference®

Winning Together









 Theravance Biopharma is a diversified biopharmaceutical company with the core purpose of creating medicines that help improve the lives of patients suffering from serious illness.
Our pipeline of internally discovered product candidates includes potential best-in-class medicines to address the unmet needs of patients being treated for serious conditions primarily in the acute care setting. VIBATIV® (telavancin), our first commercial product, is a once-daily dual-mechanism antibiotic approved in the U.S., Europe and certain other countries for certain difficult-to-treat infections. Revefenacin (TD-4208) is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) being developed as a potential once-daily, nebulized treatment for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Our neprilysin (NEP) inhibitor program is designed to develop selective NEP inhibitors for the treatment of a range of major cardiovascular and renal diseases, including acute and chronic heart failure, hypertension and chronic kidney diseases such as diabetic nephropathy. Our research efforts are focused in the areas of inflammation and immunology, with the goal of designing medicines that provide targeted drug delivery to tissues in the lung and gastrointestinal tract in order to maximize patient benefit and minimize risk. The first program to emerge from this research is designed to develop intestinally restricted pan-Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitors for the treatment of a range of inflammatory intestinal diseases.
In addition, we have an economic interest in future payments that may be made by Glaxo Group Limited or one of its affiliates pursuant to its agreements with Innoviva, Inc. relating to certain drug development programs, including the combination of fluticasone furoate, umeclidinium, and vilanterol (the Closed Triple), currently in development for the treatment of COPD and asthma.
 

About UsBoard of DirectorsManagement TeamCorporate GovernanceMedical AffairsContact Us


        Join Theravance Biopharma      


      Theravance Biopharma is a place for advanced thinkers, people who thrive on applying insight and innovation to energize scientific discovery.    


Come Join Our Team















×
 



By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue






 






Hypotension - Market Overview, H2 2017 Including Key Vendors BCO Pharma Ltd, Theravance Biopharma Inc, TrioxBio Inc | Medgadget



















































































 



 

















































 









 














































Hypotension – Market Overview, H2 2017 Including Key Vendors BCO Pharma Ltd, Theravance Biopharma Inc, TrioxBio Inc

July 27th, 2017  HTF Market Intelligence Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Releases 

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


A new research document with title ‘Hypotension – Pipeline Review, H2 2017’ covering detailed analysis, Competitive landscape, forecast and strategies. The study covers geographic analysis and important players/vendors such as BCO Pharma Ltd, Theravance Biopharma Inc, TrioxBio Inc etc. The report will help user gain market insights, future trends and growth prospects for forecast.
Request a sample report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/sample-report/607986-hypotension-pipeline-review-1
Summary
Hypotension – Pipeline Review, H2 2017

The latest Pharmaceutical and Healthcare disease pipeline guide Hypotension – Pipeline Review, H2 2017, provides an overview of the Hypotension (Cardiovascular) pipeline landscape.
Low blood pressure, or hypotension, occurs when blood pressure during and after each heartbeat is much lower than usual. This means the heart, brain, and other parts of the body do not get enough blood. Symptoms include blurred vision, dizziness, confusion, sleeplessness and weakness. Treatment is required for patients with signs and symptoms.
Report Highlights
The Pharmaceutical and Healthcare latest pipeline guide Hypotension – Pipeline Review, H2 2017, provides comprehensive information on the therapeutics under development for Hypotension (Cardiovascular), complete with analysis by stage of development, drug target, mechanism of action (MoA), route of administration (RoA) and molecule type. The guide covers the descriptive pharmacological action of the therapeutics, its complete research and development history and latest news and press releases.
The Hypotension (Cardiovascular) pipeline guide also reviews of key players involved in therapeutic development for Hypotension and features dormant and discontinued projects. The guide covers therapeutics under Development by Companies /Universities /Institutes, the molecules developed by Companies in Phase III and Phase II stages are 2 and 3 respectively.
Hypotension (Cardiovascular) pipeline guide helps in identifying and tracking emerging players in the market and their portfolios, enhances decision making capabilities and helps to create effective counter strategies to gain competitive advantage. The guide is built using data and information sourced from The proprietary databases, company/university websites, clinical trial registries, conferences, SEC filings, investor presentations and featured press releases from company/university sites and industry-specific third party sources. Additionally, various dynamic tracking processes ensure that the most recent developments are captured on a real time basis.
Scope

– The pipeline guide provides a snapshot of the global therapeutic landscape of Hypotension (Cardiovascular).
– The pipeline guide reviews pipeline therapeutics for Hypotension (Cardiovascular) by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources.
– The pipeline guide covers pipeline products based on several stages of development ranging from pre-registration till discovery and undisclosed stages.
– The pipeline guide features descriptive drug profiles for the pipeline products which comprise, product description, descriptive licensing and collaboration details, R&D brief, MoA & other developmental activities.
– The pipeline guide reviews key companies involved in Hypotension (Cardiovascular) therapeutics and enlists all their major and minor projects.
– The pipeline guide evaluates Hypotension (Cardiovascular) therapeutics based on mechanism of action (MoA), drug target, route of administration (RoA) and molecule type.
– The pipeline guide encapsulates all the dormant and discontinued pipeline projects.
– The pipeline guide reviews latest news related to pipeline therapeutics for Hypotension (Cardiovascular)
Buy this report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/buy-now?format=1&report=607986
Reasons to buy
– Procure strategically important competitor information, analysis, and insights to formulate effective R&D strategies.
– Recognize emerging players with potentially strong product portfolio and create effective counter-strategies to gain competitive advantage.
– Find and recognize significant and varied types of therapeutics under development for Hypotension (Cardiovascular).
– Classify potential new clients or partners in the target demographic.
– Develop tactical initiatives by understanding the focus areas of leading companies.
– Plan mergers and acquisitions meritoriously by identifying key players and it’s most promising pipeline therapeutics.
– Formulate corrective measures for pipeline projects by understanding Hypotension (Cardiovascular) pipeline depth and focus of Indication therapeutics.
– Develop and design in-licensing and out-licensing strategies by identifying prospective partners with the most attractive projects to enhance and expand business potential and scope.
– Adjust the therapeutic portfolio by recognizing discontinued projects and understand from the know-how what drove them from pipeline.
Companies Mentioned in the Report
BCO Pharma Ltd
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Theravance Biopharma Inc
TrioxBio Inc

Get customization & check discount for report @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/request-discount/607986-hypotension-pipeline-review-1
Table of Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures
Introduction
The Report Coverage
Hypotension – Overview
Hypotension – Therapeutics Development
Pipeline Overview
Pipeline by Companies
Products under Development by Companies
Hypotension – Therapeutics Assessment
Assessment by Target
Assessment by Mechanism of Action
Assessment by Route of Administration
Assessment by Molecule Type
Hypotension – Companies Involved in Therapeutics Development
BCO Pharma Ltd
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Theravance Biopharma Inc
TrioxBio Inc
Hypotension – Drug Profiles
angiotensin II acetate – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
dopamine hydrochloride – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
MTR-105 – Drug Profile
Product Description
Mechanism Of Action
R&D Progress
MTR-107 – Drug Profile
Product Description

….Continued
View Detailed Table of Content @ https://www.htfmarketreport.com/reports/607986-hypotension-pipeline-review-1
Thanks for reading this article, you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia.
Contact Us:
CRAIG FRANCIS (PR & Marketing Manager)
sales@htfmarketreport.com
Ph: +1 (206) 317 1218











 




 




  Recent  posts 




New Joint Implant Coating to Prevent Bacterial Infections






New Method Visualizes Individual Neural Pathways Using Light






Smart Hanging Robot Keeps People Walking During Rehab






New Way to Grow Liver Tissue to Repair Damaged Organ






Non-Destructive Mass Spectrometry Helps Identify Tumor Margins Inside OR



 

  interviews & reviews  




Cochlear Unveils Nucleus 7, World’s First Made for iPhone Cochlear Implant Sound Processor (Interview)






Review of LifeBEAM Vi Headphones: Where Artificial Intelligence Meets Personal Training






Hemopurifier Filters Ebola, Hep C, Metastatic Melanoma: Interview with James A. Joyce, CEO of Aethlon Medical






Podimetrics System Helps Prevent Diabetic Foot Ulcers: Interview






Evidence-Based Diagnostics for Mental Health Disorders: Interview with Jack Cosentino, CEO of Medibio



 

 


















 
 



At Medgadget we report on the latest medical technology news, interview leaders in the field, and file dispatches from medical events from around the world. 



 
About
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy
Submit press release
Advertise

 







                            © Medgadget, LLC.  2004-2017. All rights reserved. | The Medical Revolution Will Be Blogged.                        

























 
MED TECH THAT TRANSFORMS THE WORLDExclusive Medgadget news in your mailbox!


 


Your information will never be shared with any third party.


 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit HackerNews Google+ Email

















 












Theravance Biopharma: Contact us



 

























Site Map
Contact Us


Go












Medicines That Make a Difference®

Winning Together









 
Directions to Theravance Biopharma U.S., Inc.:
From San Francisco, take 101 South, take the Oyster Point Blvd. East exit and proceed to the first stoplight. At Gateway Blvd. turn right, proceed approx. 200 ft and turn right into our parking lot.
From the South Bay, take 101 North, take the Oyster Point Blvd. exit and turn left at the first stoplight. Make an immediate right at the next stoplight. At the next light, turn right onto Gateway Blvd., proceed approx. 200 ft and turn right into our parking lot.*
for Employment Opportunities








Who would you like to contact? *

-- Choose One --Commercial OperationsFor Site ProblemsHuman ResourcesInvestor RelationsMediaMedical InformationPartnering/LicensingSuppliers 



Email Address *

 



Subject *

 



Message *

 





                    Please type the letters and numbers shown in the image.




 
(Click to refresh the image)



 





Cancel
Submit



*Required field
 

About UsBoard of DirectorsManagement TeamCorporate GovernanceMedical AffairsContact Us

Theravance Biopharma Ireland Limited
Connaught House
1, Burlington Road, Fourth Floor
Dublin 4
D04 C5Y6
Ireland
Phone/Fax
+353 (0)1 539 4800
Theravance Biopharma US, Inc.
901 Gateway Boulevard
South San Francisco, CA 94080
United States
Local
650-808-6000
Toll-free
844-ASK-TBPH (275-8274)
Investor Relations:
650-808-4045
Media:
650-808-4045













×
 



By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue















Theravance Biopharma: Programs



 

























Site Map
Contact Us


Go












Medicines That Make a Difference®

Getting it Done









 We have applied our expertise in multivalency to discover product candidates and lead compounds in a number of therapeutic areas.
We believe that our lead product candidates have demonstrated in relevant preclinical models, potential advantages such as substantial increases in potency, duration of action and/or selectivity relative to existing medicines or potential medicines in late-stage clinical studies.
The table below summarizes the status of our most advanced product candidates for internal development or co-development. The table also includes the status of respiratory programs in which we have an economic interest that are being developed and commercialized by GSK pursuant to agreements with Theravance, Inc., now known as Innoviva, Inc.

 Infectious Disease

 



VIBATIV® (telavancin): cSSSI, HABP/VABP, Concurrent Bacteremia




Collaborators: Multiple (ex-U.S.)¹







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3


Filed


Approved








 



Telavancin: Primary Bacteremia











Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3








 



Cefilavancin (TD-1792): Gram+ MRSA




Collaborators: R-Pharm (ex-U.S.)







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3








 



TD-6450: HCV




Collaborators: Trek Therapeutics







Phase 1


Phase 2








 Respiratory

 



Revefenacin (TD-4208): COPD




Collaborators: Mylan







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3








 Gastrointestinal

 



Axelopran (TD-1211): OIC











Phase 1


Phase 2








 



Axelopran (TD-1211)/Opioid FDC: Pain











Phase 1


Phase 2








 



Velusetrag: Gastroparesis




Collaborators: Alfa Wassermann (ex-U.S.)







Phase 1


Phase 2








 



TD-8954: ICU IV Prokinetic




Collaborators: Takeda







Phase 1


Phase 2








 



TD-1473: Ulcerative Colitis











Phase 1








 Cardiovascular

 



TD-0714, TD-1439: Heart Failure, Chronic Kidney Disease











Phase 1








 



TD-9855: nOH











Phase 1








 Economic Interests

 




Closed Triple (FF/UMEC/VI): COPD




Collaborators: GSK & Innoviva, Inc.²







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3


Filed







 
 




Closed Triple (FF/UMEC/VI): Asthma




Collaborators: GSK & Innoviva, Inc.²







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3







 
 




MABA, MABA/ICS (batefenterol, batefenterol/FF): COPD




Collaborators: GSK & Innoviva, Inc.²







Phase 1


Phase 2







 
 
Notes:
¹ Concurrent bacteremia data added to U.S. label for approved indications (cSSSI & HABP/VABP)
² We hold economic interest in future payments that may be made by GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) relating to certain programs, including “Closed Triple” (FF/UMEC/VI) (Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol), MABA/FF (batefenterol/FF), MABA monotherapy and other future products that may be combined with VI or MABA (batenfenterol)
 
 
Key:

CNS: Central Nervous System
COPD: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
cSSSI: Complicated Skin and Skin Structure Infections
FF: Fluticasone Furoate
GI: Gastrointestinal
HABP/VABP: Hospital-Acquired and Ventilator-Associated Bacterial Pneumonia
HCV: Hepatitis C Virus
ICS: Inhaled Corticosteriod
MABA: Bifunctional Muscarinic Antagonist-Beta2 Agonist
MRSA: Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus
nOH: Neurogenic Orthostatic Hypotension
OIC: Opioid-Induced Constipation
UMEC: Umeclidinium
VI: Vilanterol

In the table above:

Status indicates the most advanced stage of clinical development that has been completed or is in process.
Phase 1 indicates initial clinical safety testing in healthy volunteers, or studies directed toward understanding the mechanisms of action of the drug.
Phase 2 indicates further clinical safety testing and preliminary efficacy testing in a limited patient population.
Phase 3 indicates evaluation of clinical efficacy and safety within an expanded patient population.
Filed indicates that a marketing application has been submitted to a regulatory authority.

 


ProgramsInfectious DiseaseRespiratoryCardiovascularGastrointestinalEconomic Interests












×
 



By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue















Theravance Biopharma: Programs



 

























Site Map
Contact Us


Go












Medicines That Make a Difference®

Getting it Done









 We have applied our expertise in multivalency to discover product candidates and lead compounds in a number of therapeutic areas.
We believe that our lead product candidates have demonstrated in relevant preclinical models, potential advantages such as substantial increases in potency, duration of action and/or selectivity relative to existing medicines or potential medicines in late-stage clinical studies.
The table below summarizes the status of our most advanced product candidates for internal development or co-development. The table also includes the status of respiratory programs in which we have an economic interest that are being developed and commercialized by GSK pursuant to agreements with Theravance, Inc., now known as Innoviva, Inc.

 Infectious Disease

 



VIBATIV® (telavancin): cSSSI, HABP/VABP, Concurrent Bacteremia




Collaborators: Multiple (ex-U.S.)¹







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3


Filed


Approved








 



Telavancin: Primary Bacteremia











Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3








 



Cefilavancin (TD-1792): Gram+ MRSA




Collaborators: R-Pharm (ex-U.S.)







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3








 



TD-6450: HCV




Collaborators: Trek Therapeutics







Phase 1


Phase 2








 Respiratory

 



Revefenacin (TD-4208): COPD




Collaborators: Mylan







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3








 Gastrointestinal

 



Axelopran (TD-1211): OIC











Phase 1


Phase 2








 



Axelopran (TD-1211)/Opioid FDC: Pain











Phase 1


Phase 2








 



Velusetrag: Gastroparesis




Collaborators: Alfa Wassermann (ex-U.S.)







Phase 1


Phase 2








 



TD-8954: ICU IV Prokinetic




Collaborators: Takeda







Phase 1


Phase 2








 



TD-1473: Ulcerative Colitis











Phase 1








 Cardiovascular

 



TD-0714, TD-1439: Heart Failure, Chronic Kidney Disease











Phase 1








 



TD-9855: nOH











Phase 1








 Economic Interests

 




Closed Triple (FF/UMEC/VI): COPD




Collaborators: GSK & Innoviva, Inc.²







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3


Filed







 
 




Closed Triple (FF/UMEC/VI): Asthma




Collaborators: GSK & Innoviva, Inc.²







Phase 1


Phase 2


Phase 3







 
 




MABA, MABA/ICS (batefenterol, batefenterol/FF): COPD




Collaborators: GSK & Innoviva, Inc.²







Phase 1


Phase 2







 
 
Notes:
¹ Concurrent bacteremia data added to U.S. label for approved indications (cSSSI & HABP/VABP)
² We hold economic interest in future payments that may be made by GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) relating to certain programs, including “Closed Triple” (FF/UMEC/VI) (Fluticasone Furoate/Umeclidinium/Vilanterol), MABA/FF (batefenterol/FF), MABA monotherapy and other future products that may be combined with VI or MABA (batenfenterol)
 
 
Key:

CNS: Central Nervous System
COPD: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease
cSSSI: Complicated Skin and Skin Structure Infections
FF: Fluticasone Furoate
GI: Gastrointestinal
HABP/VABP: Hospital-Acquired and Ventilator-Associated Bacterial Pneumonia
HCV: Hepatitis C Virus
ICS: Inhaled Corticosteriod
MABA: Bifunctional Muscarinic Antagonist-Beta2 Agonist
MRSA: Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus
nOH: Neurogenic Orthostatic Hypotension
OIC: Opioid-Induced Constipation
UMEC: Umeclidinium
VI: Vilanterol

In the table above:

Status indicates the most advanced stage of clinical development that has been completed or is in process.
Phase 1 indicates initial clinical safety testing in healthy volunteers, or studies directed toward understanding the mechanisms of action of the drug.
Phase 2 indicates further clinical safety testing and preliminary efficacy testing in a limited patient population.
Phase 3 indicates evaluation of clinical efficacy and safety within an expanded patient population.
Filed indicates that a marketing application has been submitted to a regulatory authority.

 


ProgramsInfectious DiseaseRespiratoryCardiovascularGastrointestinalEconomic Interests












×
 



By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue






Theravance Biopharma Provides VIBATIV(R) (telavancin) Product UpdateHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballTheravance Biopharma Provides VIBATIV(R) (telavancin) Product UpdateMarketwiredSeptember 9, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareSOUTH SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Sep 9, 2014) - Theravance Biopharma, Inc. (  NASDAQ :  TBPH ) ("Theravance Biopharma" or the "Company") today provided a product update for VIBATIV® (telavancin), the Company's proprietary FDA-approved bactericidal, once-daily, injectable lipoglycopeptide antibiotic. The Company detailed plans for additional VIBATIV clinical studies, its strategy for increasing the scope of US commercial efforts and new study analyses presented at recent scientific conferences underscoring VIBATIV's in vitro potency and activity. Today's announcement is being made in conjunction with the 54th Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy (ICAAC) being held September 5-9, 2014 in Washington D.C."VIBATIV's proven efficacy against difficult-to-treat infections has been demonstrated in several large, multinational registrational studies, which involved one of the largest cohorts of patients with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infections studied to date. Given the increasingly urgent need to combat the growing public health threat of antibacterial resistance, we are undertaking a proactive program designed to expand VIBATIV's product profile, strengthen physicians' awareness and increase their utilization in the right patient populations," said Frank Pasqualone, Senior Vice President, Development and Operations at Theravance Biopharma. "Our plans to conduct a Phase 3 registrational trial in Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia, a large observational use patient registry study, a targeted and strategic expansion of our US commercialization efforts, and to build a global network of partnerships to commercialize VIBATIV worldwide, provide clear evidence of our ongoing commitment to building VIBATIV's success and playing a leadership role in the broader anti-infective market."VIBATIV is approved in the US for the treatment of adult patients with hospital-acquired and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia (HABP/VABP) caused by susceptible isolates of Staphylococcus aureus when alternative treatments are not suitable, and for the treatment of cSSSI caused by susceptible isolates of Gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus, both methicillin-susceptible (MSSA) and methicillin-resistant (MRSA) strains. VIBATIV, which was discovered and developed internally, is a bactericidal, once-daily, injectable lipoglycopeptide antibiotic with in vitro potency and a dual mechanism of action whereby telavancin both inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis and disrupts bacterial cell membrane function.Phase 3 Registrational Study in Staphylococcus aureus BacteremiaAs part of its effort to explore additional potential infection types in which VIBATIV may offer patients therapeutic benefit, Theravance Biopharma plans to initiate a Phase 3 registrational study for the treatment of patients with Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia. Bacteremia is the presence of bacteria in the bloodstream and represents a serious medical condition that can lead to the spread of infection throughout the body, as well as the potentially fatal conditions of sepsis and septic shock. The condition represents a significant unmet medical need with only two antibiotic treatments currently approved for bacteremia.Theravance Biopharma believes that VIBATIV's demonstrated in vitro potency, dual mechanism of action and efficacy in resolving difficult-to-treat infections position it as a potentially medically important treatment for Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia. It is important to note that VIBATIV possesses a dual mechanism of action, which differentiates the product from the two single-mechanism antibiotics currently approved for Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.The registrational trial will be a multicenter, randomized, open-label study and is expected to enroll its first patient by the end of 2014. The study is designed to evaluate the non-inferiority of VIBATIV in treating Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia as compared to standard therapy.Telavancin Observational Use Registry (TOUR)Theravance Biopharma is also planning to conduct an observational use registry study designed to assess the manner in which VIBATIV is used by healthcare practitioners to treat patients. By broadly collecting and examining data related to VIBATIV treatment patterns, clinical effectiveness and safety outcomes in the real world, the company aims to create an expansive knowledge base to guide future development and optimal use of the drug.Read MoreNamed Telavancin Observational Use Registry (TOUR), the study is designed as a multi-center, observational, prospective study that will enroll approximately 1,000 patients from about 50 sites in the US. As a non-interventional study, all treatment decisions will be at the discretion of the patient's healthcare provider. The Company is targeting enrollment of the registry's first patient in the fourth quarter of 2014.Commercial Program ExpansionDuring the past year, Theravance Biopharma has undertaken a carefully planned, phased commercial strategy for VIBATIV in the US. This strategy has focused on a limited number of geographic territories across the country, and has succeeded in achieving the goals of the Company. Therefore, Theravance Biopharma is undertaking a targeted expansion into additional regional territories by the end of 2014.The decision to expand is informed by the Company's analysis of treatment patterns in its initial target markets. Interactions with healthcare practitioners have shown that as they gain more experience with VIBATIV, their utilization of the treatment expands to broader usage in the product's approved indications.Expanded Clinical Data SupportTheravance Biopharma is committed to conducting important research designed to further elucidate the potential therapeutic benefit and utilization of VIBATIV. Results from several new study analyses that further supplements the well-documented evidence of the drug's in vitro potency and activity were presented recently at the 54th Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy (ICAAC) and the 2014 International Symposium on Staphylococci & Staphylococcal Infections (ISSSI).Combined, data from these presentations confirm the previously demonstrated in vitro potency of VIBATIV against a broad collection of difficult-to-treat clinical pathogens using a revised, FDA-approved susceptibility testing method. These data demonstrated greater in vitro potency for VIBATIV as compared to vancomycin against a variety of difficult-to-treat isolates with reduced susceptibility to the approved antibiotics vancomycin, daptomycin and linezolid. These isolates included a range of Staphylococcus strains such as MRSA, MSSA, vancomycin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (VRSA), and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus epidermidis (MRSE), as well as various biofilm-related infections.Furthermore, in a number of in vitro studies, results with the revised testing method indicated that the activity of VIBATIV is greater than previously reported, providing a new reference for the drug's potency.Theravance Biopharma believes that these latest findings, combined with previous study results, provide confirmation that VIBATIV is a key alternative for patients in those instances in which vancomycin is not effective or appropriate for treating infections that are susceptible to VIBATIV therapy."Theravance Biopharma is dedicated to patients requiring anti-infective therapy and committed to investigating the potentially broad utility of the compound. As is well documented in the medical, scientific and popular media, there is a critical need for antibiotic research and development given the growing threat from resistance to current therapies, and we believe that VIBATIV will play an important role in helping to address this serious medical problem," stated Rick E Winningham, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "We are proud to be the only company to discover, develop, secure approval for and commercialize a currently available branded antibiotic product. This demonstrates that Theravance Biopharma is not only committed to the anti-infective area today, but has been for nearly two decades."About VIBATIV® (telavancin)VIBATIV® was discovered by Theravance in a research program dedicated to finding new antibiotics for serious infections due to Staphylococcus aureus and other Gram-positive bacteria, including MRSA. VIBATIV® is a bactericidal, once-daily, injectable lipoglycopeptide antibiotic with in vitro potency and a dual mechanism of action whereby telavancin both inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis and disrupts bacterial cell membrane function. VIBATIV® is approved in the US for the treatment of adult patients with HABP/VABP when alternative treatments are not suitable and for cSSSI caused by susceptible isolates of Gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus, both methicillin-susceptible (MSSA) and methicillin-resistant (MRSA) strains.Theravance Biopharma plans to market VIBATIV in markets outside the United States through a network of partners.In Europe, VIBATIV® is indicated for the treatment of adults with nosocomial pneumonia (NP) including ventilator associated pneumonia, known or suspected to be caused by MRSA. VIBATIV® should be used only in situations where it is known or suspected that other alternatives are not suitable. VIBATIV® is not currently indicated for the treatment of cSSSI in Europe.Clinigen Group holds the commercial rights to market and distribute VIBATIV® in Europe.Theravance Biopharma also has partners in the following geographies -- Canada, Middle East, North Africa, Israel, and Russia. Partnering discussions continue in other parts of the world.VIBATIV® Important Safety Information (US)MortalityPatients with pre-existing moderate/severe renal impairment (CrCl ≤ 50 mL/min) who were treated with VIBATIV® for hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia/ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia had increased mortality observed versus vancomycin. Use of VIBATIV® in patients with pre-existing moderate/severe renal impairment (CrCl ≤ 50 mL/min) should be considered only when the anticipated benefit to the patient outweighs the potential risk.NephrotoxicityNew onset or worsening renal impairment occurred in patients who received VIBATIV®. Renal adverse events were more likely to occur in patients with baseline comorbidities known to predispose patients to kidney dysfunction and in patients who received concomitant medications known to affect kidney function.Monitor renal function in all patients receiving VIBATIV® prior to initiation of treatment, during treatment, and at the end of therapy. If renal function decreases, the benefit of continuing VIBATIV® versus discontinuing and initiating therapy with an alternative agent should be assessed.Fetal RiskWomen of childbearing potential should have a serum pregnancy test prior to administration of VIBATIV®. Avoid use of VIBATIV® during pregnancy unless the potential benefit to the patient outweighs the potential risk to the fetus. Adverse developmental outcomes observed in three animal species at clinically relevant doses raise concerns about potential adverse developmental outcomes in humans. If not already pregnant, women of childbearing potential should use effective contraception during VIBATIV® treatment.ContraindicationVIBATIV® is contraindicated in patients with a known hypersensitivity to the drug.Hypersensitivity ReactionsSerious and potentially fatal hypersensitivity reactions, including anaphylactic reactions, may occur after first or subsequent doses. VIBATIV® should be used with caution in patients with known hypersensitivity to vancomycin.Geriatric UseTelavancin is substantially excreted by the kidney, and the risk of adverse reactions may be greater in patients with impaired renal function. Because elderly patients are more likely to have decreased renal function, care should be taken in dose selection in this age group.Infusion Related ReactionsVIBATIV® is a lipoglycopeptide antibacterial agent and should be administered over a period of 60 minutes to reduce the risk of infusion-related reactions. Rapid intravenous infusions of the glycopeptide class of antimicrobial agents can cause "Red-man Syndrome" like reactions including: flushing of the upper body, urticaria, pruritus, or rash.QTc ProlongationCaution is warranted when prescribing VIBATIV® to patients taking drugs known to prolong the QT interval. In a study involving healthy volunteers, VIBATIV® prolonged the QTc interval. Use of VIBATIV® should be avoided in patients with congenital long QT syndrome, known prolongation of the QTc interval, uncompensated heart failure, or severe left ventricular hypertrophy.Most Common Adverse ReactionsThe most common adverse reactions (greater than or equal to 10% of patients treated with VIBATIV®) were diarrhea, taste disturbance, nausea, vomiting, and foamy urine.Full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning and Medication Guide in the US, is available at www.VIBATIV.com.About Theravance BiopharmaTheravance Biopharma is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of small molecule medicines across a number of therapeutic areas, including respiratory disease, bacterial infections, central nervous system (CNS)/pain, and gastrointestinal (GI) motility dysfunction.Theravance Biopharma has one approved product, VIBATIV® (telavancin), which was discovered and developed internally, a pipeline of internally discovered product candidates and strategic collaborations with pharmaceutical companies. In addition, the Company has an economic interest in future payments that may be made by GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) pursuant to its agreements with Theravance, Inc. relating to certain drug programs, including the combination of fluticasone furoate (FF), umeclidinium (UMEC), and vilanterol (VI) (FF/UMEC/VI), the combination of the bifunctional muscarinic antagonist-beta2 agonist (MABA) GSK961081 ('081) and FF ('081/FF), and MABA monotherapy. By leveraging its proprietary insight of multivalency to drug discovery, the Company is pursuing a best-in-class strategy designed to discover superior medicines in areas of significant unmet medical need. Theravance Biopharma is a publicly-held corporation, with US headquarters located in South San Francisco, California, and trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol TBPH. For additional information, please visit www.theravance.com.THERAVANCE, the Cross/Star logo, MEDICINES THAT MAKE A DIFFERENCE and VIBATIV are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of the Theravance Biopharma group of companies. Trademarks, trade names or service marks of other companies appearing on this press release are the property of their respective owners.This press release contains certain "forward-looking" statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 regarding, among other things, statements relating to goals, plans, objectives and future events. Theravance Biopharma intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of such statements include statements relating to: the strategies, plans and objectives of Theravance Biopharma, the status and timing of clinical studies, data analysis and communication of results, the potential benefits and mechanisms of action of product candidates, the enabling capabilities of Theravance Biopharma's approach to drug discovery and Theravance Biopharma's proprietary insights, expectations for product candidates through development and commercialization, and the timing of seeking regulatory approval of product candidates. These statements are based on the current estimates and assumptions of the management of Theravance Biopharma as of the date of the press release and are subject to risks, uncertainties, changes in circumstances, assumptions and other factors that may cause the actual results of Theravance Biopharma to be materially different from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements include, among others, risks related to: the disruption of operations during the transition period following the Spin-Off, including the diversion of management's and employees' attention from the business, adverse impacts upon the progress of discovery and development efforts, disruption of relationships with collaborators and increased employee turnover, delays or difficulties in commencing or completing clinical studies, the potential that results from clinical or non-clinical studies indicate product candidates are unsafe or ineffective, dependence on third parties to conduct clinical studies, delays or failure to achieve and maintain regulatory approvals for product candidates, risks of collaborating with third parties to discover, develop and commercialize products and risks associated with establishing distribution capabilities for telavancin with appropriate technical expertise and supporting infrastructure. Other risks affecting Theravance Biopharma are described under the heading "Risk Factors" contained in Theravance Biopharma's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on August 14, 2014. In addition to the risks described above and in Theravance Biopharma's other filings with the SEC, other unknown or unpredictable factors also could affect Theravance Biopharma's results. No forward-looking statements can be guaranteed and actual results may differ materially from such statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Theravance Biopharma assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements on account of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.(TBPH-G)ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekTrump names John F. Kelly new chief of staff; Reince Priebus outCNBCAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo Finance3 Must-Own Stocks in 2017Banyan HillSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo Finance9 ways to break free from your credit card debtYahoo FinanceNew White House chief of staff is battle-toughened leaderJimmy: What is Trumpster's fetish with Generals ??  Wasn't he a draft dodger ??  No honor nutjob.Join the Conversation1 / 542

















Theravance Biopharma: Home



 

























Site Map
Contact Us


Go
















 

Medicines that make a difference®



 

Thinking it Through
We apply our multivalency expertise to discover, develop and commercialize small molecule medicines for significant unmet medical needs. Learn How



 

Finding a Way
We pursue a best-in-class strategy designed to discover superior medicines across multiple therapeutic areas. Learn How



 

Getting it Done
In some instances, we partner our programs in order to accelerate timelines and better align resources. Learn How



 

Winning Together
Every day at Theravance Biopharma, we think it through, find a way, and get it done so that together with our partners we can bring patients much needed new medicines. Learn How











Read All News Releases




                            July 19, 2017                        


                        Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Announce Positive Results from 12-Month Phase 3 Safety Study of Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD)                     




                            June 5, 2017                        


                        New Data Highlighting in vitro Potency Advantages for VIBATIV® (telavancin) Against Difficult-to-Treat MRSA and MSSA Pathogens Reported at ASM Microbe 2017                    




                            May 23, 2017                        


                        Theravance Biopharma and Mylan Report Additional Phase 3 Data for Revefenacin (TD-4208) in Several Presentations at 2017 ATS                    

Hide Latest News


View Latest News










©2017 Theravance Biopharma. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy











×
 



By clicking on the link below, you will leave www.theravance.com.


Cancel
Continue






