










 













 













 













 













 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



























Brock Therber & Associates Inc in Indianapolis, IN - (317) 637-9572





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Brock Therber & Associates Inc

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Brock Therber & Associates Inc



8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd
Indianapolis, IN 46240






Contact:
Lonnie Therber


Title:
President


Phone:


                        317-637-9572
                    



Website:







There are 

30
                Companies located at 8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd, Indianapolis, IN 46240
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Brock Therber & Associates is located in Indianapolis, Indiana. This organization primarily operates in the Legal Services business / industry within the Legal Services sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 10 years. Brock Therber & Associates is estimated to generate $450,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 7 people at this single location.









Sector:

Legal Services



Category:

Legal Services



Industry:

Legal Services




SIC Code:

8111











Name:
Brock Therber & Associates Inc


Year Founded:


2007






State of Inc:
Indiana


Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 450,000



Employees:

7



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 46240






Percentage Population



15,106
White
1,693
Hispanic
1,847
Black
1,017
Asian
92
Native American
20
Hawaiian
1,051
Other


80.6 %
White
9.0 %
Hispanic
9.9 %
Black
5.4 %
Asian
0.5 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
5.6 %
Other













Population




Population 
18,731




Female52.2%9,785


Male47.8%8,946




Median Age

39.3




Female42.3


Male36.5






























Questions & Answers









How big is Brock Therber & Associates?





Brock Therber & Associates is estimated to generate $450,000 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 7 people at this location.







Where is Brock Therber & Associates located?





Brock Therber & Associates is located at 8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd, Indianapolis, IN 46240.







How many people work at Brock Therber & Associates?





Brock Therber & Associates has approximately 7 employees at this location.









Is there a key contact at Brock Therber & Associates?





Lonnie Therber is the President at Brock Therber & Associates. You can contact Lonnie at (317) 637-9572.







What are the annual sales for Brock Therber & Associates?





Brock Therber & Associates generates approximately $450,000 in annual sales.







How long has Brock Therber & Associates been in business?





Brock Therber & Associates has been in business for approximately 10 years.







Are there other companies located at 8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd, Indianapolis, IN?





There are 30 commercial tenants at 8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd, Indianapolis, IN.







What is the phone number for Brock Therber & Associates?





The phone number for Brock Therber & Associates is (317) 637-9572










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 46240






Average House Value


                                $ 208,100
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 52,929
                            



Number of Households

9,280



Persons per Household

2.00













Number of Businesses

2,674



Number of Employees

30,950



Land Area (square miles)

9.782



Water Area (square miles)

0.629



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close






























 SECGems: Therber, Brock & Associates, LLC 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Therber, Brock & Associates, LLC 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
6













	 
	
	 11550 N. MERIDIAN ST.
	 
	  SUITE 275
	
	   CARMEL, 
	   IN, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   3176379572    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2017-01-31Therber, Brock & Associates, LLC


2017-01-31Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc.2014-10-31








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001624013
State of Incorporation
IN
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
261612894










All related persons/companies# Filings





 Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc. (0001624013) 


7







 








db
 
 












































THERBER BROCK & ASSOCIATES INC A CO Carmel IN, 46032 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Therber Brock & Associates Inc A CO
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Therber Brock & Associates Inc A CO



11550 N Meridian St, Ste 275

Carmel,
							
							
							 IN
							
							
							 46032-6900
							
							 |  view map



						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

THERBER BROCK & ASSOCIATES INC A CO in Carmel, IN.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Montgomery Marine Repair


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Walbro


Barnes & Noble


Hammer & CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Ideal Construction CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Therber Brock & Associates Inc A CO
Rate Therber Brock & Associates Inc A CO on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Therber Brock & Associates Inc A CO
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VUDEN INC
VOLTAIRE
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
W & B TRUCKING INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOGUE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
CONTORNO INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
ADVENT I LLC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
AZURADISC
PANALPINA INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
STINGER WELDING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














Services | Therber & Brock Indianapolis, IN 46204 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFinancial Planning Consultants near Indianapolis, INTherber & BrockServicesTherber & Brock101 W Ohio St Ste 1590, Indianapolis, IN 46204(317) 637-9572View Business DetailsServicesMake an Appointment"Fish and Chips" found in 1 dishFinancial Services AccountingAccounting ServicesPayroll ServicesPlanningFinancial PlanningTaxesTax ServicesSend to PhoneTherber & Brock101 W Ohio St Ste 1590, Indianapolis, IN 46204(317) 637-9572Send this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.I agree to the Terms and ConditionsCancelSendYour text message was sent.To opt out at anytime, send the word STOP to YP411.To get a help message, send the word HELP to YP411.There was an error sending your text.Please try again.E-MailTherber & Brock101 W Ohio St Ste 1590, Indianapolis, IN 46204(317) 637-9572Send this business details to yourself or up to 5 friends.Up to 5 email addresses, separate addresses with a commaSend Yourself a CopyCancelSend 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback













Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Associate Members «  Alliance of Indiana Rural Water

























<< Home

TrainingContact UsMembership






Training
Contact Us
Membership
Classifieds
Publications
Legislative
Resources
Certification Requirements
News






Associate Members

	A.E. Boyce Co., Inc.	 
	A.Y. McDonald Mfg. Co.	 
			Accounting Firm Inc., The		
	Allied Pump, Technical & Underwater Services	 
	American Flow Control	 
	American Pump Repair & Service, Inc.	 
	Artesian of Pioneer	 
	Astbury Group, The	 
	Automatic Controls Company	 
	Banning Engineering	 
	Bastin-Logan Water Services, Inc.	 
			Bayside Vector Control, Inc.		
	BBC Pump & Equipment Co., Inc	 
	Beam, Longest & Neff, LLC	 
	Beckmar Environmental Laboratory	 
	BL Anderson Co., Inc.	 
	Bledsoe & Associates	 
	Blue River Technologies	 
	Bose McKinney & Evans, LLP	 
	Brehob Corporation	 
	Brenntag Mid-South, Inc.	 
	Bynum Fanyo Utilities	 
			C & HM Excavating		
	Campbell Kyle Proffitt, LLP	 
	Clark, Quinn, Moses, Scott & Grahn, LLP	 
	Cline, King & King, P.C.	 
	Clouse Inspection Services	 
	CoBank	 
	Commercial Sewer Cleaning Co., Inc.	 
	Commonwealth Engineers, Inc.	 
	Covalen	 
	Crowe Horwath	 
	Culy Contracting, Inc.	 
	Cummins Crosspoint	 
	Curry & Associates	 
	DECO Coatings, Inc.	 
			Denney Enterprises		
			Derrick Engineering, Inc.		
	Deskins		
	Ditch Witch Midwest	 
			Drainage Plus Inc.		
			DW Squared, Inc.		
	Eco Infrastructure Solutions	 
	EJ	 
	Element Materials Technology	 
	EMCOR Construction Services	 
	Engineered Solutions Midwest	 
	Engineering Resources, Inc.	 
	Environmental Dynamics International	 
	Environmental Mgmt. & Development	 
	E-Tank / E-Pump Ltd.	 
	EVAPAR	 
	Everett J. Prescott, Inc.	 
	Ferguson Waterworks	 
	FER-PAL Construction USA LLC		
			Fleck"s Trenching		
	Fleis and VandenBrink, Inc.	 
	Floyd-Hunter Environmental, LLP	 
	Ford Meter Box Company, Inc.	 
	FPBH, Inc.	 
	Frakes Engineering, Inc.	 
	GAI Consultants	 
	Gasvoda & Associates, Inc.	 
	Gripp, Inc.	 
	GRW Engineers, Inc.	 
	Hach Company	 
	Hawkins Water Treatment Group	 
	HCC Public Risk	 
	HD Supply Waterworks	 
	Heartland Pump Rental & Sales	 
	Heseman Industrial Sales, Inc.	 
	HMB Professional Engineers, Inc.	 
	HML, Inc.	 
			HomeTown Engineering LLC		
	Hopf Equipment	 
	Hose Solutions	 
	Hrezo Engineering, Inc.	 
	Hurst Technical Services	 
	HWC Engineering	 
	Hydra-Stop LLC	 
	HydroCorp., Inc.	 
	IAC Power Systems	 
	Indiana Bond Bank	 
	Indiana Municipal Insurance Program	 
	Infrastructure Systems, Inc.	 
	inHance Software a Division of Harris	 
	Insituform	 
	J & J Municipal Supply, Inc.	 
	J. Dwight Thompson Co., Inc.	 
	J.A. Larr & Co.	 
	J.D. Petro & Associates, Inc.	 
	Jack Doheny Companies	 
	JCM Industries, Inc.	 
	Jones & Henry Engineers, LTD	 
	Kar Laboratories, Inc.	 
			Krausz USA		
	L & D Mail Masters	 
	Ladd Engineering, Inc.	 
	Layne	 
	Leary Construction Co., Inc.	 
	Liquiforce	 
			Living Waters Co., Inc.		
	London Witte Group, LLC.	 
	M.E. Simpson Co., Inc.	 
	Maguire Iron	 
	Master Meter	 
	McCoy & McCoy Laboratories, Inc.	 
	McGowan Insurance Group	 
	Merrell Bros., Inc.	 
	Mid Atlantic Storage Systems, Inc.	 
			Midwest Contract Operations, Inc.		
	Midwest Meter, Inc.	 
	Midwestern Engineers, Inc.	 
	Mirteq	 
	MS Consultants, Inc.	 
			Municipal & Contractor Sealing Products		
	Municipal Well & Pump	 
	National Water Services, LLC	 
	O.W. Krohn & Associates	 
	Odle, Inc.	 
	OneWater Inc.	 
	Ortman Drilling & Water Services	 
	Peerless-Midwest, Inc.	 
	Precision Products	 
	R.A. Ross & Associates, Inc.	 
	Reedy Financial Group P.C.	 
	RLM Engineering, Inc.	 
	Rust-oleum	 
	Ruxer Ford-Lincoln, Inc.	 
	S&K Equipment Company	 
	Seiler Instrument Company	 
	Sensus, USA	 
	Servline	 
	Sherman, Barber & Mullikin	 
	Sherwin Williams	 
	SmartBill Ltd	 
	Software Solutions, Inc.	 
	Source 1 Environmental	 
	Source Technologies, LLC	 
	Southeastern Equipment Co., Inc.	 
	Spear Corporation	 
	Spectra Tech	 
	Straeffer Pump & Supply Co.	 
	Strand Associates, Inc.	 
	Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc.	 
	TNT Technologies	 
	Triad Associates, Inc.	 
	Tyler Technologies	 
	Umbaugh	 
	United Consulting	 
	United Systems & Software, Inc.	 
	USA Blue Book	 
	Utilities Employees Credit Union	 
			Utility Management and Construction, LLC		
	Utility Pipe Sales	 
	Utility Service Group	 
	Utility Supply Company	 
	Utility Supply Of America / BlueBook	 
	Vanguard Utility Service, Inc.	 
	Vermeer Of Indiana, Inc.	 
	Waller"s Meter, Inc.	 
	Water Solutions Unlimited	 
	Watermark Engineered Product Sales, Inc.	 
	Wealing Brothers LLC	 
	Wessler Engineering	 
	Whayne Supply Company	 
	WTH Technology, Inc.	 
	Xylem Water / Dewater Solutions	 
	YSI, Inc.	 

 If your website is not listed and you would like it to be, please email Laura Vidal. 

 Back to Current Members page  














Publications
Events
Classifieds
Legislative

© COPYRIGHT 2008 INH2O.ORG. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

        	[ DESIGN BY 
            MIDDLEFLOOR | 
			powered by WordPress ]
        











SEC Info - Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc. - ‘MA’ on 2/5/15










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc. – ‘MA’ on 2/5/15On:  Thursday, 2/5/15, at 12:23pm ET   ·   As of:  1/27/15   ·   Accession #:  1624013-15-1   ·   File #:  867-01601
Previous ‘MA’:  None   ·   Next & Latest:  ‘MA/A’ on 1/31/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size

 1/27/15  Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc. MA          2/05/15    1:9KF-->Application for Municipal Advisor Registration   —   Form MAFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: MA          Application for Municipal Advisor Registration --   HTML     10K 
                          primary_doc.xml                                        

D-->P-->

This document is an XML File that may be rendered in various formats:Form MA  –  Plain Text  –  EDGAR System  –  SEC Website  –  XML Listing  –  <?xml?> File  



FORM MA
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
OMB APPROVALAPPLICATION FOR MUNICIPAL ADVISOR REGISTRATION FOR BUSINESS ENTITIESOMB Number:  3235-0681Estimated average burden hours per response: 3.5Form MA Applicant's Information CIKCCCSubmission Contact InformationContact Person for this FilingLonnie Therber Contact PhoneContact Email Addresstbk@indy.net Contact Email Address 
Please read the General Instructions for this form and other forms in the MA series, as well as its subsection, "Specific Instructions for Certain Items in Form MA,"
before completing this form. All italicized terms herein are defined or described in the Glossary of Terms appended to the General Instructions.
Part I This form must be completed by municipal advisors that are organized entities,
including sole proprietors (referred to herein as "municipal advisory firms" or "firms,"
unless the context indicates otherwise).WARNING:
Complete this form truthfully. False statements or omissions may result in denial of application, revocation of registration,
administrative or civil action, or criminal prosecution. Form MA must be amended promptly upon the occurrence of certain material events,
and updated at least annually, within 90 days of the end of the municipal advisor's fiscal year, or, if a sole proprietor, the municipal advisor's calendar year. See General Instruction 8.
Type of Filing: This is an:Check the appropriate box.
Initial application to register as a municipal advisor with the SEC.
Execution Page: After completing this form, you must complete the Execution Page.
Supporting Documentation: If you are required to make reportable disclosures in the Disclosure Reporting
Pages, you must attach the supporting documentation.
Non-Resident Applicants: If you are a non-resident of the United States,
certain additional requirements must be met at the time of filing your application, or processing of your application may be delayed. See General Instruction 2.c. and subsection "General Instructions to Form MA-NR" of the General Instructions.
Annual update of municipal advisor’s Form MA, for fiscal year ended

, or, if a sole proprietor, for calendar year ended December 31, .



Execution Page: After completing this form, you must complete the Execution Page.
Changes: Are there any changes in this annual update to information provided in the municipal advisor’s most recent Form MA, other than the updated Execution Page? ?
Yes
 No

Amendment (other than annual update) to any part of the municipal advisor’s most recent Form MA.

Execution Pages: After completing this form, you must complete the Execution Page.

Item 1 Identifying InformationA. Full Legal Name of the Firm(1) Firm Name:Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc. 
Organization CRD No.,if any:
 (2) Sole Proprietor: If the applicant is a sole proprietor, check here, and provide full last name, first name, middle name, and suffix, if any:  (3) Name Change: If full legal name has changed since the municipal advisor's most recent Form MA, check here and provide the previous full legal name. 
(specify)B. Doing-Business-As (DBA) Name(1) If the name under which municipal advisor-related business is primarily conducted is different from Item 1-A., check here and provide the DBA name.DBA nameTherber & Brock  (2) Previous DBA Name: If name under which municipal advisor-related business is primarily conducted has changed since the municipal advisor's most recent Form MA, check here and provide the previous name under which the municipal advisor-related business was primarily conducted.
 
(3) Additional Names: (a) Is municipal advisor-related business conducted under any
additional names? 
 Yes
 No

(b) List any additional names on Section 1-B of Schedule D.

C. (1) IRS Employer Identification Number:
 (2) If the applicant (such as a sole proprietor), has no employer identification number, provide the applicant’s social security number:
 The Social Security Number will not be included in publicly available versions of this registration form. D. Registrations
(1) Form MA-T Registration: Was the applicant previously registered
on Form MA-T as a municipal advisor?
 Yes
 No

If "Yes", enter the SEC File No. MA-T:

(2) Other Registrations: Is the applicant registered as
or with
any of the following?

Check all that apply. For each registration box you checked, provide the requested file
number(s).
 An applicant firm should NOT provide the organization CRD number, or other specified number, of any of its organizational affiliates, or the individual CRD number of its officers, employees, or natural person affiliates.Municipal Advisor SEC
File No.:

Municipal Securities Dealer
SEC
File No.:

Broker-Dealer   
SEC
File No.:

 

Organization
CRD
No.:
Investment AdviserSEC
-Registered
SEC
File No.:

 

Organization
CRD
No.:

Exempt Reporting Adviser
SEC
File No.:

 

Organization
CRD
No.:

Registered in US State or Other US Jurisdiction

Organization CRD
No.:
Investment Adviser Registration in a US State or Other US
Jurisdiction: If predecessor municipal advisory firm is registered in a US state or other
jurisdiction as an investment adviser, enter the organization CRD Number above. In the table below,
select each US state or jurisdiction in which the predecessor municipal advisory firm is so registered.Check All That Apply:US State or Jurisdiction
(Code)
US State or Jurisdiction
(Code)

Alabama

(AL)

Montana

(MT)

Alaska

(AK)

Nebraska

(NE)

Arizona

(AZ)

Nevada

(NV)

Arkansas

(AR)

New Hampshire

(NH)

California

(CA)

New Jersey

(NJ)

Colorado

(CO)

New Mexico

(NM)

Connecticut

(CT)

New York

(NY)

Delaware

(DE)

North Carolina

(NC)

District of Columbia

(DC)

North Dakota

(ND)

Florida

(FL)

Ohio

(OH)

Georgia

(GA)

Oklahoma

(OK)

Guam

(GU)

Oregon

(OR)

Hawaii

(HI)

Pennsylvania

(PA)

Idaho

(ID)

Puerto Rico

(PR)

Illinois

(IL)

Rhode Island

(RI)

Indiana

(IN)

South Carolina

(SC)

Iowa

(IA)

South Dakota

(SD)

Kansas

(KS)

Tennessee

(TN)

Kentucky

(KY)

Texas

(TX)

Louisiana

(LA)

Utah

(UT)

Maine

(ME)

Vermont

(VT)

Maryland

(MD)

Virgin Islands

(VI)

Massachusetts

(MA)

Virginia

(VA)

Michigan

(MI)

Washington

(WA)

Minnesota

(MN)

Wisconsin

(WI)

Mississippi

(MS)

West Virginia

(WV)

Missouri

(MO)

Government Securities Broker-Dealer 
SEC
File No.:
  
Bank Identifier: 
Other
SEC
Registration (Specify):

 
 
SEC
File No. (if any):
  
EDGAR CIK (if any):

Another federal or state regulator(Specify):
   
Registration No. (if any): (3) Additional Registrations:(a) Does the applicant have any additional registrations that are not listed in subsection (2)?
 Yes
 No

(b)
List any such additional registrations on Section 1-D of Schedule D.

E.
Principal Office and Place of Business (1) Address: Do not use a P.O. Box.Street Address 1:8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd Street Address 2:Suite 450 City:Indianapolis State/Country:
INDIANA
 Postal Code:46240 
Telephone Number at this location:
317-637-9572 
Fax Number (if any) at this location:
317-686-9102 For non-US telephone and fax numbers, include country code with area code and local number.
Is this address a private residence? A private residential address will not be included in publicly available versions of this registration form.
Yes  No
(2) Additional Offices:(a) Is municipal advisor-related business conducted at any
office(s) other than applicant's principal office and place of
business listed above?
 Yes
 No

(b)
If "Yes," list the five largest such additional offices
on
Section 1-E of Schedule D.
(3) Mailing Address:
Is the mailing address different from
principal office and place of business address in Item 1-E(1)?
 Yes
 No

If "Yes," complete this item.Street Address 1:8440 WOODFIELD CROSSING BLVD Street Address 2:SUITE 450 City:INDIANAPOLIS State/Country:
INDIANA
 Postal Code:46240 
Is this address a private residence? A private residential address will not be included in publicly available versions of this registration form.
Yes  No
F. Website(1) Provide the address of the applicant's principal website (if any): 
(specify)
 (2) Does the applicant have any additional websites? 
 Yes
 No

(3) Total number of additional websites
(specify)
(4) List all additional website addresses on Section 1-F of Schedule D.

G. If the applicant has a
Chief Compliance Officer, 
provide his or her name and contact information
Please note that the applicant must provide name and contact
information for either a Chief Compliance Officer in Question 1.G.,
or another contact person in Question 1.H below. Both may be
provided.Enter all the letters of each name and not initials or other abbreviations. If no middle name, enter NMN on that line. Last Name:Therber First Name:Lonnie Middle Name:Marion Other title(s), if any:Street Address 1:8440 Woodfield Crossing Blvd Street Address 2:Suite 450 City:Indianapolis State/Country:
INDIANA
 Postal Code:46240  For non-US telephone and fax numbers, include country code
with area code and local number.
Telephone Number:
317-637-9572  Fax Number:317-686-9102  E-mail Address of Chief Compliance Officer:tbk@indy.net H. Contact Person
If a
person
other than the
Chief Compliance Officer
is authorized to receive information and respond to questions about
this form, provide the name and contact information for that
person
:
Please note that the applicant must provide name and contact
information for either a Chief Compliance Officer in Question 1.G.,
or another contact person in Question 1.H below. Both may be
provided.I. Location of Books and Records(1) Does the applicant maintain, or intend to maintain, some
or all of the books and records required to be kept under MSRB
rules and SEC rules at a location other than the principal office
and place of business address listed in Item 1-E? Yes
 No

(2) If "Yes," list all such locations in
Section 1-I of Schedule D.J. Foreign Financial Regulatory Authorities(1) Is the applicant registered with a foreign financial
regulatory authority? Answer "no" even if affiliated with
a business that is registered with a foreign financial regulatory
authority.  Yes
 No

(2)
If "Yes," list all such registrations in
Section 1-J of Schedule D.
K. Business Affiliates of the Applicant(1) Is the applicant affiliated with any other domestic or
foreign business entities? Yes
 No

(2)
If "Yes," provide the names of all such affiliates and any
applicable registrations in
Section 1-K of Schedule D .
Item 2 Form of Organization A. Applicant's form of organizationIf this is not an initial application, and the applicant’s form of organization
has changed since the applicant’s most recent Form MA, see Instruction 8 of the
General Instructions.
Corporation

Sole Proprietorship

Limited Liability Partnership (LLP)

Partnership

Limited Liability Company (LLC)

Limited Partnership (LP)

Other (specify)
 B. Month of Applicant's Annual Fiscal Year End(Sole proprietors are not required to complete this subpart B.)
C. State, Other US Jurisdiction, or Foreign Jurisdiction Under Which Applicant is OrganizedIf the applicant is a corporation or limited liability company,
indicate the state or jurisdiction where the applicant is
incorporated. If the applicant is a partnership, indicate the name of
the state or jurisdiction under the laws of which the partnership was
formed. If applicant is a sole proprietor, indicate the state or
jurisdiction in which applicant resides. If this is not an initial application for registration, and the
applicant's information has changed since the applicant's most recent
Form MA, see General Instruction 8.Enter the full name of the U.S. jurisdiction, or the full
name, in English, of the foreign jurisdiction:D.
Date of Organization:

E. Public Reporting Company(1)
Is the applicant a public reporting company under Sections 12 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934?
Yes
No
(2)
If "Yes," provide applicant's CIK number
(A CIK, or Central Index Key number, is assigned by the SEC to
every public reporting company.) Company Name
Therber, Brock & Associates, Inc. Item 3 SuccessionsA. Is the applicant, at the time of this filing, succeeding to the
business of a registered
municipal advisor?If this succession was previously reported on Form MA, do not
report the succession again. Instead, check "No." See
Instruction 1 of the Specific Instructions for Form MA included in the General Instructions.  Yes
 No

 If "Yes" enter the Date of Succession:B. If "Yes," in Item 3.A., complete Section 3 of Schedule D.
If "Yes," in Item 3.A., complete Section 3 of Schedule D.
 Item 4 Information About Applicant's Business Note: Instruction 2 of the Specific Instructions for Certain Items in Form MA included in the General Instructions provides guidance for newly formed municipal advisors completing this Item 4.Employees If the applicant is organized as a sole proprietorship, include the sole proprietor as an employee. A. Number of Employees: Approximate number of employees of applicant.
Include full- and part-time employees, but do not include clerical, administrative, or support workers (or workers performing similar functions): (If none, enter a zero.):B. Municipal Advisory Activities: Approximately how many of these employees engage in municipal advisory activities?
(Include such employees even if they perform other functions in addition to engaging in municipal advisory activities.) If none, enter a zero.
C. Registered Representatives(1) Approximately how many of the employees who are included in the response to part B are registered representatives of a broker-dealer? If none, enter a zero.
(2) Approximately how many are investment adviser representatives? If none, enter a zero.D. Firms and Other Persons that Solicit on Behalf of the ApplicantApproximately how many firms and other persons who are not employed by the applicant and who are not otherwise
associated persons of the applicant solicit clients on the applicant's behalf? (If none, enter a zero.
Count a firm only once; do not count each of the firm’s employees that solicits on the applicant’s behalf.)

Please list the names of these firms and other persons on Section 4-D of Schedule D.
E. Employees Also Acting as Affiliates of the Applicant(1) Does the applicant have any employees that also do business independently on the applicant's behalf as affiliates of the applicant?
YES
NO
(2) Total number of such employees:(3) List the names of these employees on
Section 4-E of Schedule D.Clients F. Types of ClientsApproximately how many clients did the applicant serve in the context of its
municipal advisory activities during its most-recently completed fiscal year?
(If none, enter a zero and check box 5 below).The applicant has the following types of clients:Check all that apply.

(1) Municipal Entities
(2) Non-profit organizations (e.g., 501(c)(3) organizations) who are obligated persons
(3) Corporations or other businesses not listed above who are obligated persons
(4) Other: (specify)

(5) Not applicable - applicant engages only in solicitation; does not serve clients in the context of its municipal advisory activitiesG. Solicitations Of Municipal Entities and Obligated PersonsApproximately how many municipal entities and obligated persons
were solicited by the applicant on behalf of a third-party during its
most-recently completed fiscal year? (If the applicant solicits its
clients in addition to serving these clients in the context of its municipal
advisory activities, the clients should be counted in the response to this Part G
even if counted in Part F.) (1) Municipal Entities: If none, enter a zero. (2) Obligated Persons:
 If none, enter a zero(3) Total:H. Types of Persons SolicitedThe applicant solicits the following types of persons:Check all that apply.
(1) Public pension funds 

(2) 529 Plans 
(3) Local government investment pools 
(4) State government investment pools 
(5) Hospitals 
(6) Colleges 
(7) Other: (specify)

(8) Not applicable – applicant only serves clients; does not engage in solicitation in the context of its municipal advisory activitiesCompensation ArrangementsI. Applicant is compensated for its advice to or on behalf of municipal entities
or obligated persons with respect to municipal financial products
or the issuance of municipal securities by:Check all that apply.
(1) Hourly charges
(2) Fixed fees (not contingent on the issuance of municipal securities)
(3) Contingent fees
(4) Subscription fees (for a newsletter or other publications)
(5) Other: (specify)

(6) Not applicable – applicant engages only in solicitation; does not serve clients in the context of its municipal advisory activitiesJ. Applicant is compensated for its solicitation activities by:Check all that apply.
(1) Hourly charges
(2) Fixed fees (not contingent on the success of solicitations) 
(3) Contingent fees
(4) Subscription fees (for a newsletter or other publications) 
(5) Other: (specify)

(6) Not applicable; applicant only serves clients; does not engage in solicitation as part of its municipal advisory activitiesK. Does the applicant receive compensation, in the context of its
municipal advisory activities, from anyone other than clients?YES
NO
  If "Yes", please explain:Applicant's Business Relating to Municipal Securities L. Applicant is engaged in the following types of activities:Check all that apply.
(1) Advice concerning the issuance of municipal securities (including, without limitation,
advice concerning the structure, timing, terms and other similar matters, such as the
preparation of feasibility studies, tax rate studies, appraisals and similar documents,
related to an offering of municipal securities)
(2) Advice concerning the investment of the proceeds of municipal securities (including,
without limitation, advice concerning the structure, timing, terms and other similar
matters concerning such investments) 
(3) Advice concerning municipal escrow investments (including, without limitation, advice concerning their structure, timing, terms and other similar matters) 
(4) Advice concerning the investment of other funds of a municipal entity (including, without limitation, advice concerning the structure, timing, terms and other similar matters concerning such investments) 
(5) Advice concerning guaranteed investment contracts (including, without limitation, advice concerning their structure, timing, terms and other similar matters) 
(6) Advice concerning the use of municipal derivatives (including, without limitation, advice concerning their structure, timing, terms and other similar matters) 
(7) Solicitation of investment advisory business from a municipal entity or obligated person (including, without limitation, municipal pension plans) on behalf of an unaffiliated broker, dealer, municipal advisor or investment adviser (e.g., third party marketers, placement agents, solicitors, and finders) 
(8) Solicitation of business other than investment advisory business from a municipal entity or obligated person on behalf of an unaffiliated person or firm (e.g., third party marketers, placement agents, solicitors, and finders) 
(9) Advice or recommendations concerning the selection of other municipal advisors or underwriters with respect to municipal financial products or the issuance of municipal securities 
(10) Brokerage of municipal escrow investments 
(11) Other: (specify)
Item 5 Other Business Activities A. Applicant is actively engaged in business in or as a: Is Applicant Actively Engaged?Check all that apply.
Is this Applicant’s Primary Business(es)?Check all that apply.
1. Broker-dealer, municipal securities dealer or government securities broker or dealer2. Registered representative of a broker-dealer3. Commodity pool operator (whether registered or exempt from registration)4. Commodity trading advisor (whether registered or exempt from registration)5. Futures commission merchant6. Major swap participant7. Major security-based swap participant8. Swap dealer9. Security-based swap dealer10. Trust company11. Real estate broker, dealer, or agent12. Insurance company, broker, or agent13. Banking or thrift institution (including a separately identifiable department or division of a bank)14. Investment adviser (including financial planners)15. Attorney or law firm (Jurisdiction(s) where licensed)Jurisdiction(s) where licensed (specify)    16. Accountant or accounting firm (Jurisdiction(s) where licensed)Jurisdiction(s) where licensed (specify)    17. Engineer or engineering firmJurisdiction(s) where licensed    18. Other financial product advisor
(specify)    B. Other Business(1) Is applicant actively engaged in any other business not listed in Part A
of this Item (other than engaging in municipal advisory activities)? Yes  No
(2) If "Yes" to Part B-1., is this other business
applicant's primary business? Yes  No
(3) If "Yes" to Part B-2.,
describe the other business on Section 5-B of Schedule D.Item 6 Financial Industry and Other Activities of Associated PersonsA. Applicant has one or more associated persons that is a: Check all that apply."Associated Person" herein refers to a person who is an associated person of a municipal advisor.
Note that "associated person" includes employees and persons with control over the
municipal advisor that do not themselves engage in municipal advisory activities, but does not
include employees that are performing solely clerical, administrative, support or other similar functions. Note also that more than one box may be
applicable to any such associated person. For example, if an associated person is both a swap dealer and
security-based swap adviser, check both boxes (4) and (5) below.
(1) Broker-dealer, municipal securities dealer, or government securities broker or dealer
(2) Investment company (including mutual funds) 

(3) Investment adviser (including financial planners)
(4) Swap dealer 
(5) Security-based swap dealer 
(6) Major swap participant 
(7) Major security-based swap participant 
(8) Commodity pool operator (whether registered or exempt from registration) 
(9) Commodity trading advisor (whether registered or exempt from registration) 
(10) Futures commission merchant 
(11) Banking or thrift institution
(12) Trust company
(13) Accountant or accounting firm 
(14) Attorney or law firm 
(15) Insurance company or agency 
(16) Pension consultant 
(17) Real estate broker or dealer 
(18) Sponsor or syndicator of limited partnerships 
(19) Engineer or engineering firm 
(20) Other municipal advisorTotal Associated Persons:Provide the total number of such associated persons:
Provide the total number of such associated persons, not the number of boxes checked.
For example, if the applicant's associated persons are 2 broker-dealers,
1 investment company, and 2 pension consultants, then 3 boxes would be checked in Item 6-A.1 to 20,
while the total number of such associated persons entered in Item 6-A., Total Associated Persons,
would be 5. If there are no associated persons, enter 0 (zero).B. Applicant must list all such associated persons, including foreign associated persons, on Section 6 of Schedule D.If Item 6-A. Total Associated Persons, is 2 or more, the applicant must complete a separate Section 6 of Schedule D for each associated person.Item 7 Participation or Interest of Applicant, or of Associated Persons of Applicant, in Municipal Advisory Client or Solicitee Transactions Proprietary Interest in Municipal Advisory Client or Solicitee TransactionsA. Does applicant or any associated person:(1) buy securities or other investment or derivative products for itself from clients or solicitees in the context of its municipal advisory activities, or sell securities it owns to such clients or solicitees? Yes  No

(2) buy or sell for itself securities (other than shares of mutual funds) or other investment or derivative products that the applicant also recommends to such clients or solicitees?  Yes  No

(3) enter into derivatives contracts with such clients or solicitees? Yes  No

(4) recommend securities or other investment or derivative products to such clients or solicitees in which applicant or any associated person has some other proprietary (ownership) interest (other than those mentioned in Items 7-A(1), (2) or (3) above)? Yes  No

Sales Interest in Client or Solicitee TransactionsB. Does applicant or any associated person:(1) recommend purchases of securities or derivatives to clients or solicitees that are served by the applicant or associated person, for which the applicant or any associated person serves as underwriter, general or managing partner, or purchaser representative? Yes  No

(2) recommend purchases or sales of securities or derivatives to such clients or solicitees in which applicant or any associated person has any other sales interest (other than the receipt of sales commissions as a broker or registered representative of a broker-dealer)? Yes  No

Investment or Brokerage DiscretionC. Does applicant or any associated person have discretionary authority to determine the:(1) securities or other investment or derivative products to be bought or sold for the account of a client or solicitee? Yes  No

(2) amount of securities or other investment or derivative products to be bought or sold for the account of such a client or solicitee? Yes  No

(3) (a) broker or dealer to be used
for a purchase or sale of securities or other investment or derivative products
for the account of such a client or solicitee?
 Yes  No

(b) If "Yes," are any of
the brokers or dealers associated persons?
 Yes  No
(4) commission rates or other fees to be paid to a broker or dealer for such a client's or solicitee's securities transactions or transactions in other investment or derivative products? Yes  No

D.(1) Does applicant or any associated person recommend brokers,
dealers or investment advisers to clients or solicitees
in the context of its municipal advisory activities? Yes  No
(2) If "Yes," is any such broker, dealer, or
investment adviser an associated person?
 Yes  No
In responding to Items 7-E and 7-F below, consider all cash and non-cash compensation
that the applicant or an associated person gave or received from any person in exchange
for referrals of such clients or solicitees, including any bonus that is based, at
least in part, on the number or amount of such referrals.E. Does the applicant or any associated person,
directly or indirectly, compensate any person for referrals of clients
or solicitees in connection with municipal advisory activities? Yes  No

F. Does the applicant or any associated person,
directly or indirectly, receive compensation from any person for referrals of
clients or solicitees in connection with municipal advisory
activities? Yes  No

Item 8 Owners, Officers and Other Control PersonsA. Identifying Owners, Officers and Other Control Persons(1) In this Item, identify every person that, directly or indirectly,
controls  the applicant, or that the applicant directly or indirectly controls.(a) If this is an initial application, the applicant must complete Schedule A and Schedule B. Schedule A asks for information about direct owners and executive officers. Schedule B asks for information about indirect owners. (b) If this is an amendment updating information reported on either the Schedule A or Schedule B
(or both) filed with the applicant's initial application, the applicant must also complete Schedule C. (2) Does any person not named in Item 1-A or Schedules A, B, or C,
directly or indirectly, control the applicant's management or policies? Yes
 No
(3) If "Yes" to Item 8-A.2. above, complete Section 8-A of Schedule D.B. Public Reporting Companies(1) Is any person in Schedules A, B, or C, or in Section 8-A of Schedule D a
public reporting company under Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934? Yes
 No
(2) If "Yes" to Item 8-B.1. above, complete Section 8-B of Schedule D.Item 9 Disclosure Information In this Item, provide information about the criminal, regulatory, and judicial history, if any, of the applicant and each associated person of the applicant.This information is used to determine whether to approve an application for registration, to decide whether to revoke registration, or to place limitations on the applicant's activities as a municipal advisor, and to identify potential problem areas on which to focus during on-site examinations. One event may result in the requirement to answer "Yes" to more than one question below.Refer to the Glossary of Terms for explanations of italicized terms, such as associated person.Criminal Action DisclosureIf the answer is "Yes" to any question below in Part A or B below, complete a Criminal Action DRP.  Disclosure of any event listed in this Criminal Action Disclosure Section  is not required if the date of the event  was more than ten years ago. For purposes of calculating this ten-year period, the date of an event is the date that the final order, judgment, or decree was entered, or the date that any rights of appeal from preliminary orders, judgments, or decrees lapsed.Check all that apply.A. In the past ten years, has the applicant or any associated person: (1) been convicted of any felony, or pled guilty or nolo contendere ("no contest") to any charge of a felony, in a domestic, foreign, or military court?Yes No
(2) been charged with any felony?Yes No

The response to Item 9-A(2) may be limited to charges that are currently pending. B. In the past ten years, has the applicant or any associated person: (1) been convicted of any misdemeanor, or pled guilty or nolo contendere ("no contest"), in a domestic, foreign, or military court to any charge of a misdemeanor in a case involving: municipal advisor-related business, investments or an investment-related business, or any fraud, false statements, or omissions, wrongful taking of property, bribery, perjury, forgery, counterfeiting, extortion, or a conspiracy to commit any of these offenses? Yes No

(2) been charged with a misdemeanor of the kind listed in Item 9-B(1)?Yes  No

The response to Item 9-B(2) may be limited to charges that are currently pending. Regulatory Action DisclosureIf the answer is "Yes" to any question in Parts C-G below, complete a Regulatory Action DRP.Check all that apply.C. Has the SEC or the CFTC ever:(1) found the applicant or any associated person to have made a false statement or omission? Yes  No
(2) found the applicant or any associated person to have been involved in a violation of any SEC or CFTC  regulation or statute? Yes No
(3) found the applicant or any associated person to have been a cause of the denial, suspension, revocation, or restriction of the authorization of a municipal advisor-related or an investment-related business to operate? Yes No
(4) entered an order against the applicant or any associated person in connection with municipal advisor-related or investment-related activity? Yes  No

(5) imposed a civil money penalty on the applicant or any associated person, or ordered the applicant or any associated person to cease and desist from any activity? Yes  No

D. Has any other federal regulatory agency, any state regulatory agency, or any foreign financial regulatory authority  ever: (1) found the applicant or any associated person to have made a false statement or omission, or been dishonest, unfair, or unethical?Yes  No

(2) found the applicant or any associated person to have been involved in a violation of municipal advisor-related or investment-related regulations or statutes?Yes  No

(3) found the applicant or any associated person to have been the cause of a denial, suspension, revocation, or restriction of the authorization of a municipal advisor-related or an investment-related business to operate?Yes  No

(4) entered an order against the applicant or any associated person in connection with a municipal advisor-related or investment-related activity?Yes  No

(5) denied, suspended, or revoked the registration or license of the applicant or that of any associated person, or otherwise prevented the applicant or any associated person, by order, from associating with a municipal advisor-related or investment-related  business or restricted the activities of the applicant or any associated person? Yes  No

E. Has any self-regulatory organization or commodities exchange ever: (1) found the applicant or any associated person to have made a false statement or omission?Yes  No

(2) found the applicant or any associated person to have been involved in a violation of its rules (other than a violation designated as a "minor rule violation" under a plan approved by the SEC)?Yes  No

(3) found the applicant or any associated person to have been the cause of a denial, suspension, revocation or restriction of the authorization of a municipal advisor-related or an investment-related business to operate? Yes  No

(4) disciplined the applicant or any associated person by expelling or suspending the applicant or the associated person from membership, barring or suspending the applicant or the associated person from association with other members, or by otherwise restricting the activities of the applicant or the associated person?Yes  No

 F. Revocation or Suspension: Has the applicant or any associated person ever had an authorization to act as an attorney, accountant, or federal contractor revoked or suspended?Yes  No

G. Regulatory Proceedings: Is the applicant or any associated person currently the subject of any regulatory proceeding that could result in a "Yes" answer to any part of Item 9-C, 9-D, or 9-E.? Yes  No

Civil Judicial DisclosureIf the answer is "Yes" to a question below, complete a Civil Judicial Action DRP.Check all that apply.H. (1) Has any domestic or foreign court ever: (a) enjoined the applicant or any associated person in connection with any municipal advisor-related or investment-related activity?Yes  No

(b) found that the applicant or any associated person was involved in a violation of any municipal advisor-related or investment-related statute(s) or regulation(s)?Yes  No

(c) dismissed, pursuant to a settlement agreement, a municipal advisor-related or investment-related  civil action brought against the applicant or any associated person by a state or other US jurisdiction or a  foreign financial regulatory authority? Yes  No

  (2) Current Proceedings:Is the applicant or any associated person the subject of any currently pending civil proceeding  that could result in a "Yes" answer to any part of Item 9-H(1)? Yes  No

Item 10 Small BusinessesThe SEC is required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act to consider the
effect of its regulations on small entities. In order to do this, the
SEC needs to determine whether you meet the Small Business Administration's
definition of "small business" for purposes of entities that provide
investment and related activities. Accordingly, answer "Yes"
or "No," as appropriate, to the questions below:A. Did the applicant have annual receipts of less than $7 million during its most recent fiscal year (or during the time the applicant has been in business, if it has not completed its first fiscal year in business)? Yes  No

B. Is the applicant affiliated with any business or organization that had annual receipts of $7 million or more during its most recent fiscal year (or during the time it has been in business, if it has not completed its first fiscal year in business)?  Yes  No
Form MA
 APPLICATION FOR MUNICIPAL ADVISOR REGISTRATIONDOMESTIC MUNICIPAL ADVISOR EXECUTION You must complete the following execution page to Form MA. This execution page must be signed and attached to your initial application for SEC registration and all amendments to registration.Appointment of Agent for Service of ProcessBy signing this Form MA, you, the undersigned advisor, irrevocably appoint the Secretary of State or other legally designated officer, of the state in which you maintain your principal office and place of business, as your agents to receive service, and agree that such persons may be served any process, pleadings, subpoenas, or other papers in (a) any investigation or administrative proceeding conducted by the Commission that relates to the applicant or about which the applicant may have information; and (b) any civil suit or action brought against the applicant or to which the applicant has been joined as defendant or respondent, in any appropriate court in any place subject to the jurisdiction of any state or of the United States of America or of any of its territories or possessions or of the District of Columbia, where the investigation, proceeding or cause of action arises out of or relates to or concerns municipal advisory activities of the municipal advisor.  The applicant stipulates and agrees that any such civil suit or action or administrative proceeding may be commenced by the service of process upon, and that service of an administrative subpoena shall be effected by service upon the above-named Agent for Service of Process, and that service as aforesaid shall be taken and held in all courts and administrative tribunals to be valid and binding as if personal service thereof had been made.SignatureI, the undersigned, sign this Form MA on behalf of, and with the authority of, the municipal advisor.  The municipal advisor and I both certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America, that the information and statements made in this Form MA, including exhibits and any other information submitted, are true and correct, and that I am signing this Form MA as a free and voluntary act. I certify that the advisor's books and records will be preserved and available for inspection as required by law.  Finally, I authorize any person having custody or possession of these books and records to make them available to federal regulatory representatives. Lonnie M. Therber 
Signature:
Date: Lonnie M. Therber 
Printed Name:
Advisor CRD Number (if any):Owner 
Title:FORM MA APPLICATION FOR "MUNICIPAL ADVISOR REGISTRATION"NON-RESIDENT MUNICIPAL ADVISOR EXECUTION Instructions: If you are a non-resident, you must complete these steps:1. Execution Page: You must complete the following non-resident execution page to Form MA. This execution page must be signed and attached to your initial application for SEC registration and all amendments to registration.2. Opinion of Counsel: You must also attach to Form MA an Opinion of Counsel. See General Instructions.3. Form MA-NR: You must also attach to Form MA one or more executed Form MA-NR(s) for the non-resident municipal advisor applicant, and, if any, the non-resident general partner(s) and/or non-resident managing agents. See General Instructions for Form MA-NR.Non-Resident Municipal Advisor Undertaking Regarding Books and RecordsBy signing this Form MA, you agree to provide, at your own expense, to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission at its principal office in Washington D.C., at any Regional or District Office of the Commission, or at any one of its offices in the United States, as specified by the Commission, correct, current, and complete copies of any or all records that you are required to maintain by law.  This undertaking shall be binding upon you, your heirs, successors and assigns, and any person subject to your written irrevocable consents or powers of attorney or any of your general partners and managing agents.SignatureI, the undersigned, sign this Form MA on behalf of, and with the authority of, the non-resident municipal advisor. The municipal advisor and I both certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America, that the information and statements made in this Form MA, including exhibits and any other information submitted, are true and correct, and that I am signing this Form MA as a free and voluntary act. I certify that the municipal advisor's books and records will be preserved and available for inspection as required by law. Finally, I authorize any person having custody or possession of these books and records to make them available to federal regulatory representatives.  Further, attached to this Form MA as an exhibit is an opinion of counsel that the municipal advisor can, as a matter of law, provide the Commission with access to the books and records of such municipal advisor, as required by law, and that the municipal advisor can, as a matter of law, submit to inspection and examination by the Commission.  Finally, attached as an exhibit to this Form MA is one or more executed Form MA-NR(s) for the non-resident municipal advisor applicant, and, if any, the non-resident general partner(s) and/or non-resident managing agents.   
Signature:
Date:  
Printed Name:
Advisor CRD Number (if any): 
Title:SCHEDULE ADirect Owners and Executive Officers of the Applicant1.Complete Schedule A only if submitting an initial application. Schedule A asks for information about the applicant's direct owners and executive officers. Use Schedule C to amend this information.Guidance: To determine direct ownership and executive officer status, see instruction 2 below.Separate subparts of Schedule A must be completed for: (1) direct owners that are business entities, and (2) direct owners and executive officers who are natural persons, as follows:• Complete Schedule A-1: "Direct Owners of Applicant - Business Entities," for owners that are organized as a business or other legal entity, such as a corporation, partnership, trust, or limited liability company.• Complete Schedule A-2: "Direct Owners and Executive Officers of Applicant - Natural Persons," for owners who are individuals, including sole proprietors, and for executive officers. 2.List in either Schedule A-1 or Schedule A-2 below, or both, as applicable, the full names of:(a) If applicant is organized as a corporation, each shareholder that is a direct owner of 5% or more of a class of the applicant's voting securities, unless applicant is a public reporting company (a company subject to Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act). Direct owners include any person that owns, beneficially owns, has the right to vote, or has the power to sell or direct the sale of, 5% or more of a class of the applicant's voting securities. For purposes of this Schedule, a person beneficially owns any securities: (i) owned by his/her child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, sharing the same residence; or (ii) that he/she has the right to acquire, within 60 days, through the exercise of any option, warrant, or right to purchase the security;(b) If the applicant is organized as a partnership, all general partners and each limited and special partner that has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 5% or more of the applicant's capital;(c) In the case of a trust, a person that directly owns 5% or more of a class of the applicant's voting securities, or that has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 5% or more of the applicant's capital, the trust and each trustee; (d) If the applicant is organized as a limited liability company ("LLC"), (i) each member that has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 5% or more of the applicant's capital, and (ii) if managed by elected managers, all elected managers; and(e) Each Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operations Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, director and any other individuals with similar status or functions (applies in Schedule A-2 only).3.In the DE/FE column of Schedule A-1 below, enter "DE" if the owner is a domestic entity, or "FE" if the owner is an entity organized, incorporated or domiciled in a foreign country.4.Complete the Title or Status column by entering board/management titles; status as partner, trustee, sole proprietor, elected manager, shareholder, or member. For shareholders or members, indicate the class of securities owned (if more than one is issued). In the next column indicate the date that the title or status was acquired.5.Ownership Codes are:
NA - less than 5%
A - 5% but less than 10%
B - 10% but less than 25%
C - 25% but less than 50%
D - 50% but less than 75%
E - 75% or more

6. (a) In the Control Person column, enter "Yes" in the first sub-column if the person has control as defined in the Glossary of Terms to Form MA, and enter "No" if the person does not have control. Note that under this definition, most executive officers and all 25% owners, general partners, elected managers, and trustees are control persons. (b) In the PR sub-column (Schedule A-1 only) enter "PR" if the owner is a public reporting company under Section 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.7. (a) For Schedule A-1,  enter the organization CRD number. If not registered with the CRD, then enter the IRS Tax Number, Employer Identification Number ("EIN"), or Foreign Business Number.(b) For Schedule A-2, enter the individual CRD number. If not registered with the CRD, then enter the Social Security Number ("SSN") or Foreign Identity Number; and enter the Date of Birth ("DOB"). Social security numbers, foreign identity numbers, and dates of birth will not be publicly disseminated.8. Does applicant have any indirect owners to be reported on Schedule B?  
 Yes No
Schedule A-1: Direct Owners of Applicant  - Business EntitiesSchedule A-2: Direct Owners and Executive Officers of Applicant – Natural PersonsNATURAL PERSON FULL LEGAL NAMEEnter all the letters of each name and not initials or other abbreviations. If no middle name, enter NMN on that line.Last Name:First Name: Middle Name:Title or Status: Owner Date Title or Status Acquired:
Ownership Code:
NA - less than 5%
B - 10% but less than 25%
D - 50% but less than 75%
A - 5% but less than 10%
C - 25% but less than 50%
E - 75% or more
Control Person:
 YES NO

Individual CRD No. (If None: SSN and DOB, or Foreign ID No. and DOB):CRD No.:SSN: DOB:Foreign ID No: SCHEDULE BIndirect Owners of the ApplicantGuidance: To determine indirect ownsership, see instructions 2 and 3 below.1.Complete Schedule B only if applicant is submitting an initial application. Schedule B asks for information about the applicant's indirect owners. The applicant must first complete Schedule A, which asks for information about direct owners. For purposes of Schedule B, an "indirect owner" includes any owner of 25% or more of any direct owner listed in Schedule A, and any owner of 25% or more of each such indirect owner going up the chain of ownership. Use Schedule C to amend the information in this schedule.Separate subparts of Schedule B must be completed for: (1) indirect owners that are business entities, and (2) indirect owners who are natural persons, as follows:• Complete Schedule B-1: "Indirect Owners of Applicant - Business Entities," for owners who are organized as business or other legal entities, such as a corporation, partnership, trust, or limited liability company.• Complete Schedule B-2: "Indirect Owners of Applicant - Natural Persons," for individuals and sole proprietors.2.With respect to each direct owner listed on Schedule A 1 (business entities), list in either Schedule B-1 or Schedule B-2 below, as applicable:(a) in the case of a direct owner listed on Schedule A-1 that is a corporation, each of its shareholders that beneficially owns, has the right to vote, or has the power to sell or direct the sale of, 25% or more of a class of a voting security of that corporation;
For purposes of this Schedule, a person beneficially owns any securities: (i) owned by his/her child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, sharing the same residence; or (ii) that he/she has the right to acquire, within 60 days, through the exercise of any option, warrant, or right to purchase the security. (b) in the case of a direct owner listed on Schedule A-1 that is a partnership, all general partners and each limited and special partner that has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 25% or more of the partnership's capital;(c) in the case of a direct owner listed on Schedule A-1 that is a trust, the trust and each trustee; and (d) in the case of a direct owner listed on Schedule A-1 that is a limited liability company ("LLC"), (i) each member that has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 25% or more of the LLC's capital, and (ii) if managed by elected managers, each elected manager.3.Continue up the chain of indirect ownership listing all 25% shareholders at each level. Once a public reporting company (a company subject to Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act) is reached, no further ownership information need be given.4.In the DE/FE column in Schedule B-1 below, enter "DE" if the indirect owner is a domestic entity, or "FE" if the owner is an entity organized, incorporated or domiciled in a foreign country. Complete the next column by indicating the entity in the chain of ownership in which this indirect owner has an interest.5.Complete the Status column by entering the indirect owner's status as partner, trustee, elected manager, shareholder, or member. For shareholders or members, indicate the class of securities owned (if more than one is issued).6.Ownership Codes are:
C - 25% but less than 50%
D - 50% but less than 75%
E - 75% or more
F - Other (general partner, trustee, or elected manager)
7.(a) In the Control Person column, enter "Yes" in the first sub-column if the person has control as defined in the Glossary of Terms to Form MA, and enter "No" if the person does not have control. Note that under this definition, most executive officers and all 25% owners, general partners, elected managers, and trustees are control persons.(b) In the PR sub-column, for Schedule B-1 only, enter "PR" if the indirect owner is a public reporting company under Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.8.(a) For Schedule B-1, enter the organization CRD number. If not registered with the CRD, then enter the IRS Tax Number, Employer Identification Number ("EIN"), or Foreign Business Number.
(b) For Schedule B-2, enter the individual CRD number. If not registered with the CRD, then enter the Social Security Number ("SSN") or Foreign Identity Number; and enter the Date of Birth ("DOB"). Social security numbers, foreign identity numbers, and dates of birth will not be publicly disseminated. Schedule B-1: Indirect Owners of Applicant – Business EntitiesSchedule B-2: Indirect Owners of Applicant – Natural PersonsSCHEDULE DCertain items in Part I of Form MA require additional information on Schedule D. Use this Schedule D to report details for items listed below. Report only new information or changes/updates to previously submitted information. Do not repeat previously submitted information.This is an: INITIAL or AMENDED Schedule D or ANNUAL UPDATE SECTION 1-B Other Names under which Municipal Advisor-Related Business is Conducted List the applicant's other business names and the jurisdictions in which they are used. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each business name, and the jurisdictions where that name is used.SECTION 1-D Additional Registrations of the Applicant Indicate any additional registrations with federal or state regulators, and the relevant registration number. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each such registration. SECTION 1-E Additional Offices at which the Applicant’s Municipal Advisor-Related Business is Conducted Provide the location of the largest five additional offices (in terms of numbers of employees) at which the applicant’s municipal advisor-related business is conducted other than applicant’s principal office and place of business. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each such office.SECTION 1-F Additional Website Addresses List any additional website addresses of the applicant. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each such website address. SECTION 1-I Location of Books and Records Complete the following information for each location at which the applicant keeps books and records, other than its principal office and place of business. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each location. SECTION 1-J Registration with Foreign Financial Regulatory AuthoritiesList the full name, in English, of each foreign financial regulatory authority, provide the foreign registration number (if any), and list the full name, in English, of the country with which the applicant is registered. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each foreign financial regulatory authority with whom the applicant is registered. SECTION 1-K Business Affiliates of the Applicant Provide the name of any domestic or foreign business affiliate of the applicant and any federal, state, or foreign registration of such affiliate and the registration number. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each such affiliate.SECTION 3 Successions Complete the following information if succeeding to the business of a currently-registered municipal advisor. If the applicant succeeded more than one municipal advisory firm in the succession being reported on this Form MA, a separate Schedule D must be completed for each predecessor firm. See Instruction 1 of the Specific Instructions for Certain Items in Form MA included in the General Instructions. SECTION 4-D Firms and Other Persons that Solicit Municipal Advisor Clients on the Applicant’s Behalf Provide the name, address, and phone number of any firm or other person that is not otherwise an associated person of the applicant that solicits municipal advisor clients on the applicant’s behalf. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each such firm or natural person. SECTION 4-E Employees That Also Do Business Independently on the Applicant’s Behalf as Affiliates of the Applicant SECTION 5-B Description of Primary Business (for businesses not listed in Part A of Item 5) If you checked Item 5-B.2 describe the applicant’s primary business (not the applicant’s municipal advisor-related business):  SECTION 6 Financial Industry and Other Activities of Associated PersonsThe following information must be completed for each associated person in every category you checked in Item 6-A. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each such associated person. SECTION 8 Control Persons (on a basis other than 25% ownership or executive officer status)Section 8-A. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each control person not named in Item 1-A. or Schedules A, B, or C that directly or indirectly controls the applicant's management or policies.Section 8-B. If any person named in Schedules A, B, or C or in Section 8-A of this Schedule D is a public reporting company under Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, provide the information below. A separate Schedule D must be completed for each public reporting company.Schedule D: MISCELLANEOUS
The space below may be used to explain a response to an Item or to provide any other information.  CRIMINAL ACTION DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (MA)REGULATORY ACTION DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (MA)CIVIL JUDICIAL ACTION DISCLOSURE REPORTING PAGE (MA)↑TopFiling Submission 0001624013-15-000001   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 00:57:33.1 GMT 










Therber Brock & Associates, Inc. | Aim




































































Search for:



 











 



 











 
 
 
 




					Therber Brock & Associates, Inc.
8440 Woodfield Crossing Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana, IN 46240
P: (317) 637-9572
F: (317) 686-9102
www.therberandbrock.com
Steven Brock, [email protected]
Lonnie Therber, [email protected]
Bio: Therber Brock & Associates, Inc. is a firm of municipal finance consultants providing affordable solutions to the challenges faced by today’s municipalities. Our services include bond financing, lease financing, re-fundings, utility user fee studies, project feasibility studies, mayoral assistance and consulting services, clerk assistance services, budget assistance, annexation studies, and other municipal consulting, finance and reporting related services. Our clients include cities, towns, schools, libraries, utilities, parks and other units of municipal government in Indiana.
Service Category: Consulting

 
 
 


Back To The Partner Portfolio

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

			The Terminal		
 

























