

Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:56 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company, develops and commercializes recombinant human secretoglobins for respiratory diseases. Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. was formerly known as Clarassance, Inc. and changed its name to Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. in December 2014. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Rockville, Maryland.


9430 Key West AvenueSuite 150Rockville, MD 20850United StatesFounded in 2007



Phone: 240-205-7275

therabron.com







Key Executives for Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.




Dr. Thomas F. Miller Ph.D., MBA


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 46
        







Dr. Aprile L. Pilon Ph.D.


      	Founder, Chairman, Chief Scientific Officer and Executive Vice President
      








Dr. Alan H. Cohen M.D., FAAP, FCCP, FAAAAI, FACAAI


      	Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President
      


Age: 56
        







Ms. Anita Fauchier


      	Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. Key Developments

Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-19-2017 08:30 AM
May 24 17
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. Presents at BIO International Conference 2017, Jun-19-2017 08:30 AM. Venue: San Diego Convention Center, San Diego, CA 2865, United States. Speakers: Rick Soni, Chief Business Officer.


Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. Receives Orphan Drug Designation in the European Union for CG367
Jan 23 17
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. announced that the European Medicines Agency Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products has granted Orphan Drug Designation for company's CG367 program, indicated for the treatment of Bronchiolitis Obliterans Syndrome. In addition to CG367, company's lead product candidate, CG100, in development for the prevention of chronic respiratory morbidity in premature infants, has also been granted Orphan Drug Designation by both the U.S. Food & Drug Administration and the EMA.


Clarassance, Inc. Presents at Stifel 2016 Healthcare Conference, Nov-16-2016 09:30 AM
Oct 29 16
Clarassance, Inc. Presents at Stifel 2016 Healthcare Conference, Nov-16-2016 09:30 AM. Venue: Lotte New York Palace Hotel, New York, New York, United States. Speakers: Thomas F. Miller, Chief Executive Officer and President.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 20n Labs, Inc. United States 23andMe, Inc. United States 2C Tech Corporation, Inc. United States 3-V Biosciences, Inc. United States 3Bar Biologics Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 12, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Therabron Therapeutics, Inc., please visit therabron.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Therabron Therapeutics Secures New Orphan Designation for the Prevention of Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia | Business Wire


























































Therabron Therapeutics Secures New Orphan Designation for the 
      Prevention of Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia




Company Expands Orphan Designations in Major Market for Lead Product 
      Candidate CG100






May 13, 2015 08:45 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ROCKVILLE, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. (Therabron), a specialty biotechnology 
      company focused on the advancement of respiratory therapeutics with 
      disease-modifying potential, today announced that the European Medicines 
      Agency (EMA) has granted the Company’s lead product candidate, CG100, an 
      orphan drug designation for the prevention of bronchopulmonary dysplasia 
      (BPD). An orphan drug designation allows products receiving a marketing 
      authorization from the EMA to have up to ten years of market exclusivity 
      in the European Union (EU). Therabron previously secured an orphan 
      designation for the prevention of BPD from the US Food and Drug 
      Administration (FDA).
    

      “Orphan designations granted by regulatory bodies like the FDA and EMA 
      are important because it encourages research and product development for 
      underserved patient populations that can benefit from innovative 
      solutions to otherwise overlooked healthcare conditions. We are proud to 
      be recognized for our efforts to help physicians address BPD in 
      premature infants,” stated Thomas F. Miller, President and Chief 
      Operating Officer at Therabron. “The orphan designations granted by both 
      the US and EU give significant meaning to the current CG100 phase 2 
      clinical trial currently underway as our experience to date suggests 
      this product candidate has the potential to be a viable therapeutic 
      option to prevent chronic respiratory morbidities that are common in 
      preterm infants.”
    

      The CG100 product candidate is a potentially transformative biologic 
      drug that consists of a recombinant human club cell 10kD protein 
      (rhCC10), a secretory protein that is believed to play an important 
      protective role in the lung via maintenance of airway epithelia and 
      through immunomodulatory mechanisms. Last year Therabron announced the 
      initiation of its second clinical trial in preterm infants, which is a 
      phase 2 study to evaluate CG100 for the prevention of chronic 
      respiratory morbidities in premature infants. This phase 2 study is 
      supported by a $1.6M grant from the FDA’s Office of Orphan Product 
      Development.
    

About Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.


      Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company, 
      founded in 2007 and located in Rockville, MD. Therabron is focused on 
      the advancement of respiratory therapeutics with disease-modifying 
      potential. The company’s product candidates aim to restore the natural 
      immune balance in the lungs of respiratory patients through the 
      administration of recombinant human CC10 proteins. The family of CC10 
      proteins, also known as secretoglobins, have the potential to change the 
      course of acute and chronic respiratory diseases, representing large 
      markets into which few truly novel drugs have been introduced. 
      Therabron’s product candidates have the potential to be first-in-class, 
      disease-modifying, breakthrough biologic therapeutics. For additional 
      information, please visit www.therabron.com.
    




Contacts

      Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.Media RelationsPitch360Michael 
      Parks, 484-356-7105michael@pitch360inc.com













Contacts

      Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.Media RelationsPitch360Michael 
      Parks, 484-356-7105michael@pitch360inc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up













Maryland-based Biotech Company's Path Forward in Treating Respiratory Diseases Sparks Name Change 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Maryland-based Biotech Company's Path Forward in Treating Respiratory Diseases Sparks Name Change



Share Article


















Clarassance is now Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. as it conducts Phase 2 clinical trial in pre-term infants.








We think this new name will serve us well as we move forward in developing products to provide long-term improvement in  a wide range of respiratory diseases.


Rockville, Maryland (PRWEB)
December 12, 2014
 Clarassance, a privately held clinical-stage biotechnology company based in Maryland, today announced its new name: Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. The new name is derived from the words therapy and bronchioles (a type of structure in the lungs similar to branches on a tree), thus incorporating the company’s mission to develop novel protein therapeutics for the treatment of respiratory diseases. 
“Our board of directors decided to change the name to mark the company's escalation into the clinical phase in which multiple clinical trials will be performed,” said Dr. Aprile Pilon, founder and CEO of Therabron Therapeutics. “We think this new name will serve us well as we move forward in developing products to provide long-term improvement in  a wide range of respiratory diseases.”
Therabron’s lead product candidate, recombinant human CC10 protein (rhCC10), is a synthetic version of the native CC10 protein, a potent anti-inflammatory factor that is deficient in many respiratory diseases. RhCC10 has completed two Phase 1 clinical trials in which it was shown to be safe in infants and adults. It showed potent anti-inflammatory activity and significant long-term benefit in premature infants, who are known to lack sufficient native CC10 in their lungs. Therabron is currently conducting a Phase 2 randomized trial of CG100 (rhCC10) in pre-term infants, who are at great risk for developing Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia (BPD), a chronic lung disease ranging in severity from mild asthma to life-threatening pulmonary fibrosis. The trial is over 30 percent enrolled and is projected to take another 12 months to complete enrollment of a total of 88 very premature infants.  Therabron plans to initiate a second trial for its CG201 drug candidate in 2015.  
About Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company, founded in 2007 and located in Rockville, MD, to develop protein drugs to treat respiratory diseases. The company’s products aim to restore the natural immune balance in the lungs of respiratory patients through the administration of synthetic human CC10 proteins. The family of CC10 proteins, also known as secretoglobins, have the potential to change the course of acute and chronic respiratory diseases, representing large markets into which few truly novel drugs have been introduced in the past several decades. Therabron’s products have the potential to be first-to-market, first-in-class, disease-modifying, break-through biologics.  For additional information, please visit http://www.therabron.com.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Kathy Silverstein
On The Marc Media +1 410-963-2345
				Email >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center























 



 Therabron Therapeutics Receives Orphan Drug Designation in the European Union for CG367, Indicated 
         










    










 













 











 



















Therabron Therapeutics Receives Orphan Drug Designation in the European Union for CG367, Indicated for the Treatment of Bronchiolitis Obliterans Syndrome
        																																
              











 News provided by
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.  
Jan 23, 2017, 16:33 ET









 Share this article



























































ROCKVILLE, Md., Jan. 23, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Therabron Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to advancing a new standard in respiratory care, today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products has granted Orphan Drug Designation for Therabron's CG367 program, indicated for the treatment of Bronchiolitis Obliterans Syndrome (BOS). 


"We are pleased to have received Orphan Drug Designation from the EMA to treat patients diagnosed with BOS following lung transplantation. This is an extremely serious and potentially deadly complication of lung transplantation, which generally manifests between 18 months to four years after the procedure. The condition is, unfortunately, refractory to most forms of interventions and therefore represents the most common cause of death for this patient population. We believe that CG367 holds promise as a potentially important therapeutic option and we look forward to working with the EMA as we progress clinical development for this indication," stated Vinzenz Ploerer, Chief Executive Officer of Therabron. 
In addition to CG367, Therabron's lead product candidate, CG100, in development for the prevention of chronic respiratory morbidity (CRM) in premature infants, has also been granted Orphan Drug Designation by both the U.S. Food & Drug Administration and the EMA.  
About Bronchiolitis Obliterans Syndrome (BOS): BOS is a distinct complication following lung transplantation. It leads to fibrosis of airways in transplanted lungs, followed by significant functional loss, obliteration of the terminal airways and, eventually, death. Diagnosis of BOS is one of exclusion. It is made after other potentially treatable causes of obstructive lung disease have been ruled out, such as infection or acute graft rejection. In BOS, the terminal airways become increasingly obstructed, eventually being destroyed and lost. The onset of BOS varies from months to years, post-transplant, with most patients developing the condition between 18 months and four years after the procedure. Regardless, the outcome remains universally grim. The latest International Society of Heart and Lung Transplantation (ISHLT) statistics reflect the lack of meaningful advancement in the survival outcomes for those undergoing lung transplantation, with an estimated five-year survival of only 50%, making it one of the poorest survival outcomes among all solid organ transplantations performed, worldwide. Today, BOS remains the most common cause of death in lung transplant recipients who survive beyond the initial post-transplant period. Slowing the loss of lung function associated with advancing BOS could ultimately impact survival time in these patients.
About European Union (EU) Orphan Drug Designation: The European Commission grants Orphan Drug Designation status to provide incentives to develop medicinal products to treat, prevent or diagnose diseases or conditions that affect no more than five in 10,000 persons in the European Union. The Orphan Drug Designation provides Therabron with potential incentives and benefits in the EU, including protocol assistance, reduced fees and protection from market competition once CG367 is approved for BOS patients, post lung transplantation.  
About Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.At Therabron Therapeutics, we are advancing a platform of novel therapeutic proteins in an effort to change how a variety of neglected and under-treated respiratory and fibrotic conditions are managed. We are a privately held, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, developing a new class of drugs based on the naturally occurring secretoglobin family of proteins, which includes the CC10 protein — a molecule with both anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory mechanisms. Therabron's product candidates have the potential to become first-in-class biologic therapeutics. For additional information, please visit www.therabron.com.
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/therabron-therapeutics-receives-orphan-drug-designation-in-the-european-union-for-cg367-indicated-for-the-treatment-of-bronchiolitis-obliterans-syndrome-300394873.html
SOURCE Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.  Related Links

http://www.therabron.com




 

















Nov 10, 2016, 08:45 ET
Preview: Therabron Therapeutics to Present at Stifel 2016 Healthcare Conference






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Therabron Therapeutics Receives Orphan Drug Designation in the European Union for CG367, Indicated for the Treatment of Bronchiolitis Obliterans Syndrome


 News provided by
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.  
Jan 23, 2017, 16:33 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Therabron Therapeutics Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























therabron therapeutics inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
Therabron Therapeutics Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. The Company manufactures proprietary drugs for the treatment of specific medical conditions.




Corporate Information
Address:

9430 Key West Avenue
Suite 125A
Rockville, MD 20850
United States


Phone:
1-240-205-7271


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.therabron.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Eric Richman
Tyrogenex Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Thomas F Miller


President/CEO




Aprile Pilon


Exec VP/Chief Scientific Officer




Alan H Cohen


Senior VP/Chief Medical Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
























































 



 Therabron Therapeutics Completes Enrollment of Phase 2 Clinical Trial for Lead Product Candidate 
         










    










 













 











 



















Therabron Therapeutics Completes Enrollment of Phase 2 Clinical Trial for Lead Product Candidate CG100 for the Prevention of Chronic Lung Disease in Preterm Infants
        																										
              











 News provided by
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.  
May 25, 2016, 08:45 ET









 Share this article




























































ROCKVILLE, Md., May 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Therabron Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to advancing a new standard in respiratory care, today announced the Company has completed enrollment of its phase 2 clinical trial evaluating its lead product candidate, CG100, for the prevention of chronic respiratory morbidity (CRM) in premature infants.  CG100, a potential product based on Therabron's recombinant human Club Cell 10 kDa Protein (rhCC10), recently received Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the prevention of chronic lung disease related to premature birth and has been granted orphan designations by both the US and EU Health Authorities. 








"Completion of enrollment in this phase 2 trial represents the achievement of a significant milestone for Therabron and an important step toward evolving the standard of care for preterm infants. To our knowledge, this is the first interventional phase 2 trial undertaken to address the issue of neonatal CRM, a condition for which there is substantial unmet medical need, considerable cost of care and currently no available therapeutic options. We look forward to completing patient follow-up, continued discussions with the FDA and other health agencies, and the prospect of advancing CG100 into phase 3 clinical development," stated Dr. Alan Cohen, SVP and Chief Medical Officer of Therabron Therapeutics. 
The multi-center, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, dose-escalation trial, has fully enrolled, as planned, with 88 preterm infants between 24-29 weeks gestational age who received positive pressure mechanical ventilation for the management of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome. The trial continues to assess the safety and efficacy of a single intratracheal dose of CG100. The primary endpoint of interest is infant survival without CRM through 12 months (corrected age), with specific objectives of  the reduction in respiratory re-hospitalizations, signs and symptoms of respiratory disease, unscheduled doctor's visits and use of respiratory medications in CG100 treated infants vs. placebo.  The planned un-blinding of the phase 2 trial dataset is expected to occur in mid-2017.  This phase 2 trial was supported, in part, by a grant from the U.S. FDA Office of Orphan Product Development.
About CG100 CG100, Therabron's intratracheal dosage form of rhCC10, is a recombinant version of a naturally occurring and highly conserved secretory protein that is believed to play an important protective role in the lung via maintenance and repair of airway epithelia and modulation of inflammation in a large variety of respiratory diseases. CG100 has the potential to improve long-term clinical outcomes in preterm infants and significantly reduce the economic burden beyond the infant's in-patient stay in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU).
About Chronic Respiratory Morbidities in Preterm Infants More than four million infants are born in the U.S. each year.  Of these annual live births, more than ten percent of newborns are delivered prematurely, or before 37 weeks of gestation.  Many of these preterm infants require admission to the NICU and critical care management in the first weeks and months of life.  Preterm infants that survive their NICU stay through discharge are at high risk for development of CRM through the first year of life post-discharge. These infants typically experience repeated hospitalizations for respiratory complications, have persistent coughing and wheezing with the need for numerous respiratory medications, and frequent doctor visits throughout their infancy and childhood.  Additionally, these infants are predisposed to longer term, potentially life-threatening respiratory infections and airway disorders such as asthma.  An estimated $26 billion is spent annually in the US on medical issues related to prematurity and the emotional cost to families impacted by having a preterm child is substantial.
About Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.  At Therabron Therapeutics, we are advancing a platform of novel therapeutic proteins in an effort to change how a variety of neglected and under-treated respiratory and fibrotic conditions are managed. We are a privately held, clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, developing a new class of drugs based on the naturally occurring secretoglobin family of proteins, which includes the CC10 protein — a molecule with both anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory mechanisms. Therabron's product candidates have the potential to become first-in-class biologic therapeutics. For additional information, please visit www.therabron.com.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/therabron-therapeutics-completes-enrollment-of-phase-2-clinical-trial-for-lead-product-candidate-cg100-for-the-prevention-of-chronic-lung-disease-in-preterm-infants-300274568.html
SOURCE  Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.therabron.com



 












Jun 01, 2016, 11:27 ET
Preview: Therabron Therapeutics to Present at Upcoming Industry and Investor Conferences













May 19, 2016, 09:24 ET
Preview: Therabron Therapeutics Appoints Global Pulmonary Experts to the Company's Scientific Advisory Board






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Therabron Therapeutics Completes Enrollment of Phase 2 Clinical Trial for Lead Product Candidate CG100 for the Prevention of Chronic Lung Disease in Preterm Infants


 News provided by
Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.  
May 25, 2016, 08:45 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 










































Therabron Therapeutics Announces New Study Aimed at the Creation of Multiple Novel Isoforms of the Company's Lead Product Candidate - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Therabron Therapeutics Announces New Study Aimed at the Creation of Multiple Novel Isoforms of the Company's Lead Product Candidate

Data Presented at the 2016 Biology of Acute Respiratory Tract Infection Conference




Mar 2, 2016, 9:37am EST














ROCKVILLE, Md., March 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Therabron Therapeutics, Inc., a specialty biotechnology company dedicated to advancing a new standard in respiratory care, today announced presentation of data unveiling the creation of a program aimed at developing multiple novel isoforms of the Company's lead product candidate, recombinant human CC10 protein (rhCC10). The study entitled "Modification of CC10 Protein by Reactive Oxygen Species (ROS) during Acute Lung Injury" was presented at the 2016 Biology of Acute Respiratory Tract Infection Conference in Galveston, TX.
Clara (club) cell 10kDa protein (CC10) is expressed by respiratory epithelial cells and plays an important protective role in healthy lungs by inhibiting multiple inflammatory pathways. Studies have shown that excessive inflammation in respiratory disease leads to important modifications of the native CC10 protein.  These recently reported insights have enabled Therabron to develop new rhCC10 isoforms ex-vivo through simulation of chemical reactions that occur in respiratory inflammatory conditions in-vivo.
"These observations enhance the potentially transformative impact that rhCC10-based therapeutics could have in the future. In addition to our lead, hospital-focused phase 2 program, we are pursuing development initiatives focused on ambulatory respiratory disease with confirmed deficiency in native CC10, including COPD," said Dr. Thomas F. Miller, President and Chief Executive Officer of Therabron. "We have created a number of isoforms of rhCC10 with the goal of evaluating their application in chronic respiratory disease and we are actively pursuing a series of exclusivities to protect these newly discovered molecules." 
Therabron's lead rhCC10 protein product candidate (CG100), is delivered by intratracheal instillation to preterm infants in a phase 2 clinical trial with the objective of reducing chronic respiratory morbidities following hospital discharge. 
About Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.
At Therabron Therapeutics, we are advancing a platform of novel therapeutic proteins in an effort to change how a variety of neglected and under-treated respiratory and fibrotic conditions are managed.  We are a privately held, clinical-stage, biopharmaceutical company, developing a new class of drugs based on the naturally occurring secretoglobin family of proteins which includes the CC10 protein -- a molecule with both anti-inflammatory and immunomodulatory mechanisms.  Therabron's product candidates have the potential to become first-in-class, biologic therapeutics.  For additional information, please visit www.therabron.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/therabron-therapeutics-announces-new-study-aimed-at-the-creation-of-multiple-novel-isoforms-of-the-companys-lead-product-candidate-300229505.html
SOURCE  Therabron Therapeutics, Inc.




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


Therabron Therapeutics Inc Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Therabron Therapeutics Inc


Therabron Therapeutics Inc

9430 Key West Avenue Suite 125A
Rockville MD 20850 United States
Phone: +1 240-___-____
Fax: 
http://therabron.com





2
Managers




1
IT employees




$226.2KEST.
IT Budget




Therabron Therapeutics Inc is a bio pharmaceutical company providing treatment of respiratory diseases. It was founded in 2007 and is based in Rockville, Maryland.






Sector (Industry)
Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals (Biotech and Pharmaceuticals)


Employees
54


Revenue
$20.7M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2015-05-21
Technology Updates
Topic: Email.
Company: Therabron Therapeutics Inc, Rockville, MD
Opportunity: Deployed Google (mail server) in the last 60 Days.







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Web Analytics
Google Analytics (GA)Google Universal Analytics
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Google Cloud Apps

Email Hosting
Google (mail server)

Hosting
Go Daddy (Hosting)
Information Mgmt

Content Management
WordPress
Productivity/ Operations

Office Automation
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )WooCommerce
Programming/ DevTools

Application Development
jQueryPHP

Web Development
Cascading Style SheetsHTML5

Web Tools/Resources
Atom IntrospectionCanonical Content TagConditional CommentsFlexSliderGoogle DriveGoogle Font APIIFrameOpen Graph ProtocolPingback SupportReally Simple Discovery
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Search Engine Optimization
G Suite (Formerly known as Google Apps )
Analytics

Web Analytics
Google Universal Analytics
Creative/ Content

Website Design
Google MapsYoast
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerWordPress

Social Commerce
Go Daddy (Hosting)
Sales/ Mktg Automation

Email Marketing
Google (mail server)
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Aprile Pilon
Founder, Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer
___@therabron.com
+1 240-___-____






Anita Fauchier
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
___@therabron.com
+1 240-___-____





This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing



