

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Thesis Couture

















ITALIAN LUXURY X CALIFORNIA INNOVATION
OLYMPUS ONE: The world's first high performance stiletto
Sales for Olympus One are now closed. To be one of the first to  
see our upcoming Fall Capsule Collection, request an invite.

INVITE ME















The exteriors will put them in a class with Jimmy Choo, but the technology inside is pure Jetsons
-Wall Street Journal






The advances will offer better shock absorption and arch support
-SF Chronicle






This is a problem that needs to be solved...
-Bloomberg






A more wearable shoe that won’t leave your toes in tatters...
-Cosmopolitan UK






The fact is, technology has been a part of fashion forever
-New York Times






With Thesis Couture, Singh and team are aiming to hit an aesthetic note that will appeal to the woman trained to teeter-totter from car to desk atop well-disguised metal shanks
-Harpers Bazaar






Hands-down, the most comfortable high heel I've ever worn.
-Business Insider

































Thesis Couture















Careers at Thesis Couture
Print


Thesis Couture, a fashion-tech start-up in Marina Del Rey, is seeking a software engineer who will be in charge of creating and managing a custom-built database of tens of thousands of potential customers, clients, and future users of our product. Candidate will utilize this database to execute targeted analytical queries, produce data-intensive reports, and increase sales. Candidate may also be required to build, manage, and maintain an e-commerce platform on our website and across multiple mobile applications. 
Candidate should be familiar with front and back end infrastructure of cloud services like AWS and Heroku. Candidate will be expected to develop a Python Web application for customer logins. Candidate will also work to improve, maintain, and design our company’s user interface and ensure an efficient, pleasant, intuitive and visually stimulating user experience on our website and across our different mobile platforms. To this end, candidate should have working knowledge of iOS, Android, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Swift, Objective-C and Boostrap 3.
Proficiency in XML, JSON, Cordova, AngularJS, jQuery, AJAC, and SQL also preferred. Mastery of WordPress, PHP, and email systems such as MailChimp, and ORMs such as Peewee a plus.
We are concerned about the integrity of this Site when it is viewed in a setting created by a third party that includes advertising or other materials that we have not authorized to be displayed with this Site. Neither you nor any third party shall make use of the contents of this Site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of Thesis Couture, Inc.’s rights, including copyright or that has not been authorized by Thesis Couture, Inc.
Job Posting Date: May 21, 2017 
Open Until: June 24, 2017






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














TechDay - Thesis Couture Inc














Techday


Contact Us
Community

Events


New York
Los Angeles
London








Articles
How To's
Startups











Thesis Couture Inc
Blaze Trails






Company Overview
Thesis Couture is setting a new standard of excellence in the $40B fashion footwear market.
Our cross-disciplinary, world class team has worked across fashion and engineering on some of the most exciting and impactful projects of our time.
Using structural engineering and advanced materials, we’ve created the most significant innovation in fashion footwear since the early days of Ferragamo.
Learn more at thesiscouture.com




Joined TechDay
Jul 19, 2016


Company URL
http://thesiscouture.com/


Social Profiles
















TechDay


outreach@techdayhq.com



+1 (212) 380-8730


Connect Login




Our Events

Los Angeles
London



Company

About Us
Our Team
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact



Community

Articles
How To's
Startups



Connect



Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Instagram









© Copyright 2013-2017 TechDay Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechDay Inc. is a division of Hartman Exhibitions Corp.
















Thesis Couture, Inc., C3582893 | Ca-registry.com












































Thesis Couture, Inc.
12701 Rubens AveLos AngelesCA90066









 







Thesis Couture, Inc. is an entity registered at California with company number C3582893. Company is incorporated on 27th June 2013. Current status of the company is FTB Forfeited. Registered agent is Kelly Shapiro, 502 8th St Hermosa Beach CA 90254.
Company


Company name
Thesis Couture, Inc.


Address
12701 Rubens AveLos AngelesCA90066


Status
FTB Forfeited


Company number
C3582893


Company type
Foreign Stock


Jurisdiction
DE


Incorporation Date
27th June 2013


Last Statement Filed
30th June 2015


Updated at
29th July 2017


Agent


Agent name
Kelly Shapiro


Agent address
502 8th StHermosa BeachCA90254











Do you know this company? Do you have positive or negative experience with Thesis Couture, Inc.? Rate the company and help other users.
 
+
0
-



Related companies

Thesis Design Lab Inc.
Thesis Inc.
Thesis Media Inc.
THESIS TECHNOLOGIES DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
Theskyeproject.Inc
Thesman Communities, Inc.
THESMAN CUSTOM BUILDERS, INC.
THESMAN INDUSTRIES, INC.
Thesman Professional Services P.C.
THESMARTVENT, INC.


THESIS
Thesia, Inc.
Theshrimpguys, Inc.
Theshopnextdoor.Com, Inc.
Theshopgirls, Inc.
Theshoegirl.com Corporation
Theshoegame, Inc.
THESGNAHC ENTERPRISES, INC.
Theseus, Inc.
THESEUS, INC.

Similar company number

Protunes, Inc.
Allied Security Systems, Inc.
Vicnic Productions Inc.
Free World Group, Inc.
Voke, Inc.
Status Gruppe Manufacturing Inc.
TLA Management, Inc.
Golden Balloon Industries, Inc.
TENG Duo Inc.
Sparkling Corporation


Whill, Inc.
Global Design And Build, Inc
JPPD Inc
Empire Technological Group Limited
Ripley Pictures, Inc.
KBS Strategic Opportunity Reit Ii, Inc.
Final Honor
House For Humanity
Kingdomlivin Unlimited Inc.
Sangam Arts

Newest companies

LIBERTY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
INTER@CTIVE INCORPORATED
MR. WOK - FONTANA, INC.
TAX SHELTER ANNUITY SERVICES, INC.
T&M SPORTS, INC.
ZURICH INSURANCE COMPANY
EXCELSIOR INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW YORK
AIG PROPERTY CASUALTY COMPANY
CATLIN INSURANCE COMPANY, INC.
GOLDEN HOU'S INTERNATIONAL INC.
AMERICAN GENERAL LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE COMPANY
THE LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY
TOKIO MARINE & NICHIDO FIRE INSURANCE CO., LTD. DBA TOKIO MARINE      & NICHIDO FIRE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (U.S. BRANCH)
MFT MANAGEMENT CORP.
THE LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
COMMERCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
CONLEY INC.
WATSON DITCH COMPANY
THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN THE DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA
NIMROD VILLAGE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
HHH LA INC
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP POST NO. 195, THE AMERICAN LEGION, DEPARTMENT
SHERIDAN&CONRAD, INC.
800 REMODELING, INC.
SPOORVISION
KELSEY COOK, CORP
ROCKSTAR CANNABIS CLUB INC.
PRINCIPAL GEOGRAPHIC SYSTEMS
TAKE OFF MARKETING GROUP CORPORATION
TRUE ALIEN WORLD



























Thesis Couture | Vator profile
























vator




vatorX

 

vatornews

 

Join


Log in





































Contact Thesis Couture 

Location: 
            Los Angeles, California, United States
    

Founded in: 2013
Stage: Alpha (prototype)
Number of employees: 1-5
Funding history:

            - Date: 03/2015, Series A: undisclosed amount (post valuation: undisclosed amount).
            

Short URL:
vator.co/thesiscouture



Followers (548)

 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



View all »

 


Awards and mentions







Winner - Vator Splash Oakland 2015















Rocket Scientists Are Turning to Fashion to Create a Revolutionary Stiletto















The Coolest Fashion Innovations of 2014















The Softer—And More Wearable—Future Of Wearables















Amanda Parkes on Why Wearable Tech is About More Than Gadgets















Incubating Jobs in Fashion















Meet Oculus' team builder















Technology Gets Chic















Bluetooth is the New Black















Dolly Singh, Thesis Couture










View all »








Thesis Couture

Style without Sacrifice
Startup/business
    Los Angeles, California, United States 
      

http://www.thesiscouture.com


Thesis is the world’s first performance driven, fashion footwear brand. Using structural engineering, advanced material science and with a keen focus on human factors, our expert team has created a patent-pending internal architecture of core components to replace the century-old parts and processes still used in today’s painful high heels.




Follow

548














Post to Facebook






Tweet it





Share on LinkedIn







Recommend


Share




Fashion
Product design






        About
      
>
Activities
>
News






Company description

Thesis couture is the world’s first performance driven, fashion footwear brand within the $40B global high heel market.
We’ve recruited world class experts and luminaries across fashion, technology, and anatomy to reset the standard of design excellence in women’s high heels. Our brilliant team includes a former NASA astronaut, a uniquely-trained fashion scientist and designer, a world class orthopedic surgeon, and more.
Using structural engineering principles, advanced material science and with a keen focus on human factors, we have created a patent-pending internal architecture of core components to replace the century-old parts and processes still used in today’s painful high heels.
Our design and materials measurably improve load distribution across the foot, impact shock, and kinematics, resulting in a healthier and longer-wearing shoe that never compromises on high fashion or sexy aesthetic.










 Team







Dolly Singh | Founder
          I build wicked-smart, diverse, high performing teams that solve big problems and disrupt market paradigms.
        








Sheryl Ryan | Team member
          Operations Exec with 15+ successful years of turning ideas and what-if's into meaningful goals, tangible action plans, and profitable results. Special skills: Operational strategy, deep analytics, large scale process improvement, training & morale.
        








Amanda Parkes | Team member
          Dr. Amanda Parkes is a fashion technologist, the CTO of Manufacture NY and the acting CTO of Thesis Couture. She is a member of the 2014 Business of Fashion 500 People Shaping the Global Fashion.
        








Peter Elespuru | Team member
          Software industry veteran of 14 years including startups, multinational software/hardware companies, video games, etc. Conjures elegant solutions from thin air and thought to solve challenging engineering problems. 
        




View all &raquo




Business model

Thesis will operate on a reservation/pre-order model via eCommerce, offering limited quantities of our branded product for FY 2015 and FY 2016 and expanding significantly in 2017. 
Due  to the unique nature of our product and team we have been able to  secure significant amount of free marketing through PR and (upcoming)  speaking engagements. 
We will continue to build relationships with  influential bloggers and press within fashion and tech, capitalize on  invitations to speak at high-visibility conferences, and build our  (visual and educational) social media presence. Customers will also be invited to engage with the product at VIP events in major cities prior to launch. 
These opportunities, paired with the conservative sales requirements of the business (i.e. the purposefully limited quantities offered) will help Thesis to scale in a controlled and organized way. 
In 2015, we will launch with a single style, offering 1,500 pairs of our Founders Edition shoe at $925 per pair. 
In  2016, we will offer two small collections (Spring/Summer and  Fall/Winter) of 3 styles each: Day, Evening and Couture. Each style will  be offered in 3 color variations and will be available in sizes 6-10.  Each collection will offer 5,000 units: 

2,500 of the Day style, priced at $395
1,750 of the Evening style, priced at $695 
750 of the Couture style, priced at $925 

In 2017, we will increase the volume of our branded shoes through our eCommerce channel to 40K. And we will expand distribution of our original branded product through retailer relationships. We will also expand our offerings to  styles with slightly lower heel heights, and we will begin licensing our  internal components IP to other leading designers in the industry. 

Competitive advantage

Our competitive advantage includes our patent-pending technology, manufacturing process, innovative manufacturers that double as investors, and an uprecedented team of cross-industry experts.
Thesis Couture bridges performance and fashion - it's Jimmy Choo meets Nike. 
Our expert team of scientists, engineers, and designers have  re-architected the high heel shoe from the inside out to offset the  inherent pain and lasting health hazards of wearing high heels.
Our technologists have worked  together with our designer from the onset to ensure our  high-performance high heel shoe isn't just brilliant on the inside; but  also functional and beautiful on the outside.
The Thesis LiftTM is a unique set of components that will be sold as a Thesis branded  high heel shoe on our eCommerce site and through our retail partners. We will also sell our technology as a licensed component kit to other  leaders in the footwear industry.
Thesis LiftTM includes:

Patent-pending advanced polymer shank to redistribute weight, thereby reducing pain and improving foot & body support
Patent-pending toe bed design to prevent bunions and muscle fatigue
Patent-pending platform design using cutting edge aerospace materials to reduce and absorb impact shock to the body
Strategically placed straps to prevent internal slipping and friction
Slip-resistant, durable outer sole to further reduce shock, improve grip and ease walking
Cushioned internal heel bed to reduce blisters and pain by holding the foot from the bottom up, rather than the classic top down
Visual appearance: 4-inch heel. Actual pitch: 2.75-inches, deemed safer by foot and ankle surgeons.
 














Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"The growing trend of firms investing only in women founders"

  They include BBG Ventures, BELLE Capital and Golden Seeds
  – Read more












Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"Video: When will Tech look like LA? "

  Diversity Panel - Vator Splash LA 2015 
  – Read more












Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"Meet Thesis Couture, creator of a new kind of high heel"

  The company uses technology to create a shoe that both looks good and is also comfortable to wear
  – Read more












Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"Thesis Couture's Splash Oakland 2015 winning pitch"

  Check out Dolly Singh's presentation on stage and the judges' feedback
  – Read more












Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"Today's Entrepreneur: Dolly Singh"

  No. 1 Mistake: Placing too much importance on 'experience' when hiring a team.
  – Read more












Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"The winner of Vator Splash Oakland is Thesis Couture!"

  And a big congratulations to our People's Choice winner, ShareRoot!
  – Read more












Thesis Couture was featured in a VatorNews article:
"Presenting the 8 finalists for Vator Splash Oakland!"

  These 8 startups will be pitching their ideas to some of the top tech VCs and entrepreneurs!
  – Read more












Thesis Couture  received a vote in the competition:
Vator Splash Oakland 2015











Valmiki Capital Management

confirmed Thesis Couture as an investment.
































© 2012 Vator, Inc.

Events
About
Careers
Contact
Directory
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy













Thesis Couture: Comfortable Stilettos Are Finally Available | Fortune.comMPWSearchSearchTelecommunicationsSprint Seeks Merger with Charter Communications: ReportFoxconnEnvironmental Regulations Would Be Waived For Planned Foxconn PlantCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDGovernmentHours After North Korea Missile Launch, Trump Reassigns Homeland Security ChiefAfter three years in development, Thesis Couture's first shoes will drop this month. Courtesy of Thesis CoutureMost Powerful WomenExclusive: How Cognitive Diversity Is Making Comfortable Stilettos a RealityValentina ZaryaMar 13, 2017Silicon Valley's favorite buzzword has made its way to the fashion industry.Cognitive diversity—the idea that complex problems are best solved by a multidisciplinary team of experts—is a term being tossed around more and more by companies as they shift their understanding of what (and who) they need on their staffs to stay competitive as the pace of change quickens.A favorite of tech behemoths like Facebook (fb) and Google (goog), the concept has also made its way to Thesis Couture, a startup that aims to reinvent the high heel.At first glance, the problem Thesis founder and CEO Dolly Singh set out to solve seems straightforward: Make high heels comfortable. However, when you consider how little change the shoe industry has undergone this century, it becomes apparent the sector needs a new way of thinking. That's why Thesis Couture's team consists of only a few footwear designers—and is rounded out by a SpaceX and NASA engineer, an orthopedic expert, and a wearables guru."We're bringing together people who know nothing about shoes, and people who know everything about shoes," says Singh. A former recruiter at Oculus VR and SpaceX, she knows a thing or two about getting the right people together in a room. "How you design the team will directly relate to how revolutionary your product will be," she says.Sign up: Click here to subscribe to the Broadsheet, Fortune’s daily newsletter on the world’s most powerful women.On Monday, Thesis announced that it is ready to bring its first product to market—but only for a select few customers. On March 22, the company will release 1,000 pairs of shoes, offered in two colors, for a 48-hour period. There is currently a waitlist of more than 12,000 people for the $925 shoes, according to the company.The stilettos, which will start shipping this summer, are "intended to be a resort 2017 look," says Singh. "For the first piece, I really wanted to indulge" in the design, she says. The fashion brand's first full collection will launch in the fall and will include three wardrobe staples: a black pump, an ankle boot, and a high boot.In December, the company received a patent for its Thesis LIFT technology, which reduces the load on the balls of the feet by 25%. Singh says this has the effect of making the shoes feel like wedges. "I wear them for eight to 10 hours a day," she says.Thesis also announced Monday that it has raised additional funding in a round that closed last year from Full Tilt Capital, Edgewater Equity, and Backstage Capital—bringing its total seed funding to $1.8 million across two rounds in 2015 and 2016. The startup will start raising a series A this summer, says the founder.Other investors include Salesforce (crm) CEO Marc Benioff, BBG Ventures president Susan Lyne, and SpaceX co-founder Tom Mueller.Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed SolutionsSubscribeSearchHomeFortune 500All RankingsTechLeadershipVentureFortune InsidersMost Powerful WomenAutomotiveCareersEnergy & EnvironmentExecutive TravelFinanceHealthTIME HealthInternationalLooking ForwardRetailMarketsMagazineNewslettersVideosFortune ConferencesFollow FORTUNEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn