
Christopher M Thompson Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



















 




About Us - Awnings of Hollywood


































(954) 963-7717
Your Design-Build SolutionProudly serving the continental U.S. & the Caribbean











Home
Products

Fabric Awnings and Canopies
Metal Roofs and Canopies
Metal Louvered Roofs
Patio Awnings & Canopies
Retractable Roofs
Retractable Awnings
Windows and Doors
Cabanas
Carports
Entryways
Shades and Weather Curtains
Tension Sails and Structures
Walkway Covers
Trellises and Pergolas
Mechanical Equipment Screens
Architectural Railing and Fences
Bahama Shutters
Accessories
Mailbox Canopies
Miscellaneous Metal Products
Glass Canopy
Umbrellas


Brochures
Materials

Powder Coating Colors
Framing/Metal
Frame Finish
Fabrics
Valances and Bindings


Services

Hurricane Prepardness Guide
Building Permits
CAD Drawings
Renderings


Gallery
Projects

Case Studies
Recently Completed


Videos
News & Events
Blog
About Us
Contact Us







Home›About Us
About Us

	Thompson Architectural Products specializes in the design, manufacturing and installation of a broad range of high quality fabric and metal products. We are a division of American Made Awnings of Hollywood which had its beginnings in the early 1960’s, and has always been a top performer in the fabric awning industry. Through three generations of family ownership and management, the company has grown and changed with the times. Emerging technologies and the use of new materials has vastly changed the marketplace to include metal and fabric structures that are not only functional, but add beautiful and striking architectural accents to a project.

	Thompson Architectural Products offers a “Design-Build” package in which we provide our clients with one contract that includes the procurement and installation of any accessories related to the project. We take care of the permitting, scheduling of the trades and coordination of the job. Our extensive experience allows us to see problems before they happen and prevent costly job delays. When dealing with specialized, custom products you need a specialized company, and Thompson Architectural Products can do it all under one roof. Save yourself time, money and frustration by asking about the design-build solution.

	Over the years we have continued to expand our capabilities and we offer a broad range of products including, fabric and metal architectural awnings and canopies, tension sails and tension structures, retractable roof systems, retractable awnings, cabanas, gazebos, walkways, carports, solar and weather shades and curtains, architectural railings, trellises, bahama shutters, alternate shade systems, architectural umbrellas, furniture and accessories.

	Thompson specializes in the restaurant and hospitality industry, providing outdoor dining areas that can adapt to changing climate or weather conditions. Retractable roofs, solar shades, weather shades, heaters, misters, lighting, and sound systems make it possible to use that premium outdoor space every day of the year. We have many satisfied restaurant owners, both local and national, including several Fortune 500 companies who have come to trust us as their provider for outdoor solutions.

	We value our customers, whether a residential homeowner or a national restaurant chain, each customer is important to us. By providing quality products backed up by our excellent customer service, we have built, and continue to build, a large and loyal customer base. As we continue to grow, we will keep our commitment to our clients to provide the best quality, on time and fairly priced products in the marketplace. Our mission based on a fact learned over the years. The most valuable product that we make is a satisfied customer.

	Thompson Architectural Products, does work throughout the United States and the Caribbean and is based in Hollywood, Florida.


Our Staff



Jerry Thompson
President



Chris Thompson
Vice President of Operations/ Design & Sales



Gerald Thompson
Foreman/Coordinator/Logistics Coordinator



Lori Roman
Office Manager



Everett Waterman
Design & Sales



Glenn Krieger
Graphic Design & Marketing



Curtis Hungness
CAD Operator-Product Design



Brent Lalor
Fabric Department Manager



Chip Ware
Design & Sales (N. & S. Carolina/Georgia/North Florida)



Jose Rivera
Sales/Field Technician/Installation



Howard Epps
Field Technician/Installation




 



      View Background Photo
    





 




About Us - Awnings of Hollywood


































(954) 963-7717
Your Design-Build SolutionProudly serving the continental U.S. & the Caribbean











Home
Products

Fabric Awnings and Canopies
Metal Roofs and Canopies
Metal Louvered Roofs
Patio Awnings & Canopies
Retractable Roofs
Retractable Awnings
Windows and Doors
Cabanas
Carports
Entryways
Shades and Weather Curtains
Tension Sails and Structures
Walkway Covers
Trellises and Pergolas
Mechanical Equipment Screens
Architectural Railing and Fences
Bahama Shutters
Accessories
Mailbox Canopies
Miscellaneous Metal Products
Glass Canopy
Umbrellas


Brochures
Materials

Powder Coating Colors
Framing/Metal
Frame Finish
Fabrics
Valances and Bindings


Services

Hurricane Prepardness Guide
Building Permits
CAD Drawings
Renderings


Gallery
Projects

Case Studies
Recently Completed


Videos
News & Events
Blog
About Us
Contact Us







Home›About Us
About Us

	Thompson Architectural Products specializes in the design, manufacturing and installation of a broad range of high quality fabric and metal products. We are a division of American Made Awnings of Hollywood which had its beginnings in the early 1960’s, and has always been a top performer in the fabric awning industry. Through three generations of family ownership and management, the company has grown and changed with the times. Emerging technologies and the use of new materials has vastly changed the marketplace to include metal and fabric structures that are not only functional, but add beautiful and striking architectural accents to a project.

	Thompson Architectural Products offers a “Design-Build” package in which we provide our clients with one contract that includes the procurement and installation of any accessories related to the project. We take care of the permitting, scheduling of the trades and coordination of the job. Our extensive experience allows us to see problems before they happen and prevent costly job delays. When dealing with specialized, custom products you need a specialized company, and Thompson Architectural Products can do it all under one roof. Save yourself time, money and frustration by asking about the design-build solution.

	Over the years we have continued to expand our capabilities and we offer a broad range of products including, fabric and metal architectural awnings and canopies, tension sails and tension structures, retractable roof systems, retractable awnings, cabanas, gazebos, walkways, carports, solar and weather shades and curtains, architectural railings, trellises, bahama shutters, alternate shade systems, architectural umbrellas, furniture and accessories.

	Thompson specializes in the restaurant and hospitality industry, providing outdoor dining areas that can adapt to changing climate or weather conditions. Retractable roofs, solar shades, weather shades, heaters, misters, lighting, and sound systems make it possible to use that premium outdoor space every day of the year. We have many satisfied restaurant owners, both local and national, including several Fortune 500 companies who have come to trust us as their provider for outdoor solutions.

	We value our customers, whether a residential homeowner or a national restaurant chain, each customer is important to us. By providing quality products backed up by our excellent customer service, we have built, and continue to build, a large and loyal customer base. As we continue to grow, we will keep our commitment to our clients to provide the best quality, on time and fairly priced products in the marketplace. Our mission based on a fact learned over the years. The most valuable product that we make is a satisfied customer.

	Thompson Architectural Products, does work throughout the United States and the Caribbean and is based in Hollywood, Florida.


Our Staff



Jerry Thompson
President



Chris Thompson
Vice President of Operations/ Design & Sales



Gerald Thompson
Foreman/Coordinator/Logistics Coordinator



Lori Roman
Office Manager



Everett Waterman
Design & Sales



Glenn Krieger
Graphic Design & Marketing



Curtis Hungness
CAD Operator-Product Design



Brent Lalor
Fabric Department Manager



Chip Ware
Design & Sales (N. & S. Carolina/Georgia/North Florida)



Jose Rivera
Sales/Field Technician/Installation



Howard Epps
Field Technician/Installation




 



      View Background Photo
    










Christopher Thomsen Home Portal












Login 
Logout 








Christopher Thomsen
Current residence: Hamburg, Germany

        eMail:
        contact@christopher-thomsen.net

Phone: +49 40 64506291


About me



I possess multi-year consulting and project experience in designing individual enterprise software solutions and creating complex integrations and process automations. My field of activity spans requirements engineering, process, integration and software architecture, technical design, implementation and launch of software products. In the field of business engineering I deal with the analysis of business processes and modelling them for automation using BPMN capable engines.

My strength is my diversified technical skill profile, which enables me to design and realize complex solution architectures in the entirety. This way I am empowered to support projects dynamically and agilely by backing roles that form a bottleneck and by function as link between development and operations. My technical skills span from the setup of database, application server and big data grid infrastructure (cloud as well), software engineering using enterprise design patterns to the design of responsive web applications.


Professional career




Risk.Ident GmbH
Solution Architect
Since 2017




Christopher ThomsenSoftware Engineering & Consulting
Freelancer
Since 2011




OPITZ CONSULTINGDeutschland GmbH
Senior Consultant & Competence Center Lead (Big Data)
2012 - 2016




IBM Deutschland EBS GmbH
IT Consultant (Product Data Management)
2007 - 2012



Education



Cooperative education in Information Technology at the IBM Deutschland GmbH and HWR Berlin.
Degree: Bachelor of Science, GPA: 2.0
2007 - 2010



Landesschule Pforta in Schulpforte, Germany.
Degree: Abitur, GPA: 1.7
2004 - 2007



Change-over to the boarding school Landesschule Pforta, enabled by
a full scholarship by the Dornier foundation
Entry to the science sector of the boarding school.
2004


Secondary school Domschule in Schleswig, Germany.
1999 - 2004


Personal interests




Martial arts



Pen & Paper RPGs, Tabletop games



Philosophy, Religion



Linux, Open-Source



Robots, Lego Mindstorms



Video gaming






Key skills




Programming Languages
Scala, Java EE, JavaScript




Data Processing & Analytics Frameworks
Hadoop, Spark, Storm, Lucene




Data Management
PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Solr, Kafka




Middleware
camunda BPM




Cloud & Virtualization
Google Cloud Platform, Docker




Methods
Continuous delivery, Agile coaching




Languages
German, English



Publications & papers



2016   
      From Data Lab to Data Factory – How sandboxing works in the age of Big
Data
Inspire|IT



2015   
      Voice of the Customer - Textanalytics for information retrieval from
unstructured documents
BIG DATA|Update



2015   
      Experience report: Test management in Big Data projects
Inspire|IT



2015   
      Data Warehouse & Big Data Architecture
BIG DATA|Update



2015   
      Co-authorship - Big Data chapter of the technical book "BI Handbuch 2015"
Symposium Publishing



2015   
      Next-generation BPM – Forming intelligent business processes with Big Data
Whitepaper



2015   
      “Wir sind Weltmeister” – and social media predicted it
Business Technology Magazine



2014   
      Beyond the Hadoop ecosystem – Overview, alignment and limitations of the
Big Data frameworks
IT Management magazine



2014   
      Text Mining in context of Big Data – Utilize new data sources to derive
sentiments and trends
BI Spektrum



2014   
      Crash course Big Data – Hadoop, NoSQL, text analytics and stream
processing
OBJEKTspektrum



Certifications & qualifications



2016   
      iSAQB (Software Architecture)


2014   
      IBM InfoSphere BigInsights


2013   
      camunda BPM


2011   
      Enovia V6 PDM


2010   
      SCRUM Master


2009   
      CAPM (PMI)











                Du hast 
                neue Mails

Zeige {{mailsPage * 5 + 1}} - {{mailsPage * 5 + 5}} von {{info.mail}}    


                 
                














                Du hast 
                ausstehende Aufgaben

Zeige {{tasksPage * 5 + 1}} - {{tasksPage * 5 + 5}} von {{info.task}}    


                 
                






 







                Du hast 
                Notizen
Zeige {{notesPage * 5 + 1}} - {{notesPage * 5 + 5}} von {{info.note}}    


                 
                














Du hast  Aktien in deinem Depot

                Zuletzt aktualisiert am {{stock.timestamp}}
              





{{share.amount}}x {{share.name}} ({{share.share}})

                Preis:
                €
                (€)
              

                Kaufpreis:
                €
                (€)
              

                {{round(share.currentprice * share.amount - share.buyprice) > 0 && '+' || ''}}{{round(share.currentprice * share.amount - share.buyprice)}}€
              



Du hast  Kaufempfehlungen


{{signal.name}} ({{signal.share}})

                Preis:
                €
                (<€)
              




Office



Mails




Kalender



Aufgaben & Notizen




Office



Chat

Multimedia


Daten



Fotos



Videos



Musik



Downloads

Administration


Maitreya Kontrollzentrum



Ektamatri Kontrollzentrum



Router




pgSQL Datenbank



Process Engine











Impressum
|
Kontakt

















Thomsen Christopher D | Brainerd | Read Reviews + Get a Bid | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Thomsen, Christopher D?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Thomsen, Christopher D
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






T







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Thomsen, Christopher D, update license info here.




Brainerd, MN









Thomsen, Christopher D




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are Thomsen, Christopher D, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


 Best Electricians in Brainerd 

 



Updated: May 12, 2017





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of Minnesota contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Thomsen, Christopher D, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Thomsen, Christopher D Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Electrical Work






Contact




Street Address: 13764 wiedel pt rd, Brainerd, MN 56401 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









7588 Industrial Park Rd. , Baxter, MN 56425
(612) 255-4583 ext. 104


Vision Electrical Services Inc




License # EA004879


Baxter, MN







120

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


441
Projects














9007 Crown Hill Ct, Brainerd, MN 56401

(612) 255-4583 ext. 6760


Precision Electrical




License # EA677655


Brainerd, MN







105

BZ Score


$7K
Avg Project 


56
Projects














12202 Wicklund Rd, Brainerd, MN 56401
(612) 255-4583 ext. 22756


Electrical Systems Inc




License # CA02832


Brainerd, MN







119

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


18
Projects














11858 maplewood dr, Brainerd, MN 56401



Trapp, Leslie




License # EC 09091


Brainerd, MN







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects














18119 state highway 371, Brainerd, MN 56401



Fargo, Anthony




License # EC 28111


Brainerd, MN







90

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


-
Projects













Thomsen, Christopher D Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Thomsen, Christopher D. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Thomsen, Christopher D










1
Rate this electrician







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this electrician.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Thomsen, Christopher D,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


Thomsen, Christopher D








120


Vision Electrical Services Inc







105


Precision Electrical







119


Electrical Systems Inc






Request a Quote







License info














Inactive License


License #RE077315StatusInactiveStateMinnesotaTypeReg Unl Electrician


According to the Minnesota Department of Labor & Industry, the status of this license was at one point cancelled. However, this information may have changed. If this is your business, please update your license status.Check this license's status for Thomsen, Christopher D at the Minnesota Department of Labor & Industry.












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are Thomsen, Christopher D, update license info here.








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Minnesota:













Does Thomsen, Christopher D carry a valid contracting license?



Licenses are required for all residential building contractors and residential remodelers who contract with a homeowner to construct or improve dwellings by offering more than one special skill. Owners working on their own property must also be licensed if they build or remodel for the sole purpose of speculation or resale.











How important is contractor licensing in Minnesota?



Contractors acting as sole proprietors, or qualifying persons for a construction related business entity, must pass a two part exam. The first section tests building code compliance knowledge. Section two tests a candidate's understanding of Minnesota business and law.











Your liability risk when hiring Thomsen, Christopher D



Licensed contractors in Minnesota must carry both active workers' compensation and general liability insurance policies. Request a copy of the insurance certificate for each before any work begins. 











Financial recourse when hiring Thomsen, Christopher D



The purpose of the Minnesota Contractor Recovery Fund is to compensate consumers who have suffered losses due to a licensed contractor's fraudulent, deceptive, or dishonest practices, conversion of funds, or failure to perform. All licensed contractors are required to pay a fee to the fund. The total amount that can be paid out against any one licensed contractor is $75,000. If multiple claims are filed against the same contractor, they are prorated. In these situations, you may not be able to recover your entire loss. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



Before hiring a contractor in Minnesota, be sure to get at least 3 detailed bids. Quality contractors will take the time to explain their budget proposal, and help guide you through the estimate process. Be wary of an abnormally low bid, they are not worth the risk. These underpriced projects often do not end well for the homeowner, choose a contractor you trust and can clearly communicate with. BuildZoom has made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Thomsen, Christopher D
We will attempt to deliver your message to Thomsen, Christopher D. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.


































































Toronto, Oakville, Port Credit, ON Homes - Christopher Thomson TeamChristopher Thomson Team
























































































christopherthomson(at)royallepage(dotted)ca
416-453-9108
416-453-9108



Home
About Us

Who We Are
Accolades
Testimonials


Listings

For Sale
For Lease
Sold


Communities

Toronto
Etobicoke
Port Credit
Oakville
Mississauga


Resources

For Buyers
For Sellers
Mortgage Calculator


Contact
 












Featured Listings







2116 Autumn Breeze Drive South

$1,848,000

									Mississauga  L5B1R4









18 Nipissing Drive

$1,089,000

									Toronto  M9B 4V5









1 Aksel Road

$109,000

									Lake of the Woods  P0W 1L0

















Sold Listings







61 Kingsway Crescent

$1,698,000

									Toronto  M8X2R5









10 Hawstone Road

$1,148,000

									Vaughan  L4H 4G5









15 Windermere Ave, #712

$310,000

									Toronto  M6S 3J2









60 Heintzman Street #1031

$399,000

									Toronto  









2129 Argon Court

$599,000

									Burlington  L7R 4E5









754 Hillman Crescent

$769,000

									Mississauga   L4Y 2K2









135 Ridgebank Crt

$549,000

									Caledon  









7 LYNNGROVE AVE 

$1,899,000

									Toronto, ON  









193 Gainsborough Road

$699,000

									Toronto  M4L3C5









301-2371 Queen St E

$489,000

									Toronto  M4E1H2

















WELCOME TO THOMSON REAL ESTATE 
The Christopher Thomson Team's mission is to exceed the client’s expectations and to make the home buying and selling process as stress-free and seamless as possible. In their many years of experience, Christopher and his team, boast an array of impressive skills and valuable experience to help clients make the right decision regarding their real estate needs. These benefits include, a unique client-first approach, superior negotiating skills with a diversified skill set, impressive backgrounds in sales, marketing and design, a comprehensive understanding of construction and renovation values, an extensive network of service providers including lawyers, mortgage brokers/specialists, renovators, stagers, estate assessors, as well as quick and effective problem solving skills.



					Find My Dream Home			






					What's My Home Worth?			






					Help Me Relocate			


 Featured Areas

Toronto
Etobicoke
Mississauga
Port Credit
Oakville

Contact Us

























 


 










Home
About Us

Who We Are
Accolades
Testimonials


Listings

For Sale
For Lease
Sold


Communities

Toronto
Etobicoke
Port Credit
Oakville
Mississauga


Resources

For Buyers
For Sellers
Mortgage Calculator


Contact
 



                              




 Featured Areas

Toronto
Etobicoke
Mississauga
Port Credit
Oakville


 
Find My Dream Home
What's My Home Worth?
Help Me Relocate


 Featured Listings





$1,848,000
Details






$1,089,000
Details






$109,000
Details



 Welcome 
The Christopher Thomson Team's mission is to exceed the client’s expectations and to make the home buying and selling process as stress-free and seamless as possible. In their many years of experience, Christopher and his team, boast an array of impressive skills and valuable experience to help clients make the right decision regarding their real estate needs. These benefits include, a unique client-first approach, superior negotiating skills with a diversified skill set, impressive backgrounds in sales, marketing and design, a comprehensive understanding of construction and renovation values, an extensive network of service providers including lawyers, mortgage brokers/specialists, renovators, stagers, estate assessors, as well as quick and effective problem solving skills. 

 Sold Listings





$3,350,000
Details






$1,899,000
Details






$1,799,000
Details






$1,698,000
Details






$1,399,000
Details






$1,175,000
Details






$1,148,000
Details






$1,049,000
Details






$999,800
Details






$998,000
Details






$998,000
Details






$975,000
Details



 What Our Clients Say




“Dan and I would like to thank you for your hard work in finding us our beautiful new home. We really appreciate how often you went beyond the call of duty to ensure our happiness, ease and satisfaction during the entire time. You were able to make the whole process, which can be so stressful, such a pleasure. Finally, we were very impressed, and thank you, for your amazing negotiating skills!”
Jill and Dan Young

“Thanks again for all your help, time and imagination as we searched for our new home. We are thrilled and appreciate all your efforts!”
Peter Olson

“John and I wish to thank you for the many thoughtful ways you have helped us and contributed to our peace of mind. The past four months have been a mix of stress, pleasure and progress and we can assure you we are enjoying ourselves through all of it. We send our very best wishes for your future happiness.”
John and Vivian

“I just wanted to thank you again for all your hard work and dedication to getting our condo deal completed successfully. Your sense of humour and calmness throughout the event sure made it easier.”
Marian, Dana and David

“I don’t even know where to begin in expressing my gratitude toward you! You’ve helped me find a first home that is more perfect for me than I could have dreamed of and you coloured the experience with professionalism and humour that made the journey unforgettable. You are a superstar in my eyes! I’ll be referring you on to friends until I’m blue in the face!

Thank you for working so hard for me during the week of insanity and f
Catherine

“Yeah! We just put a sold sign up. Thank you very much for your patience, understanding, guidance and getting the job done! We really appreciate your support.

Look forward to seeing you soon and having a toast to celebrate. Cheers and thank you, thank you, thank you!”
Cathy and Matthew

“Chris recently sold my house in 4 days, at more that 5% above the list price. The asking price of the home was $1,998,000. Chris managed to find three buyers for the home on the first day of showings and was able to parlay the offers into a bidding war.

Chris helped me prepare my home to get it in tip-top shape rapidly, with no headaches for me. It was a seamless process.

He had a brilliant marketing campaign that exceeded any of my
Dr. James Haroun

“As the result of a job transfer, we found ourselves having to look for a home in Toronto. Although we had already settled on the neighbourhood we wanted to live in, we were unfamiliar with the current housing market in Toronto, and knew we would have limited opportunity to explore it prior to our ultimate relocation.

Chris was immediately able to assess our needs and effectively identified homes that met our criteria. Although commutin
Brad and Stephanie

“My wife and I would like to commend Christopher for the outstanding job he did selling our house. He understood our needs from day one, priced the house accordingly, and then stuck to his guns. Over the course of the almost 4 months it took to sell the house, Christopher never missed a showing and still managed to schedule 5 open houses. The eventual buyer came through the house twice during open houses, bearing out Christopher’s convic
Deborah and Andrew Levy

“Chris Thomson provided us great support and guidance during the prelisting, advice phase, during our listing period and exceptional advice during the offer stage which enabled us to sell our home.

We knew Chris socially and always enjoyed his company but only realized his level of professionalism and skill as a Realtor as he guided us through the selling process. His insights and enthusiasm helped us to achieve our sales goal with very
Patrick and Patti Sullivan






Jill and Dan Young

“Dan and I would like to thank you for your hard work in finding us our beautiful new home. We really appreciate how often you went beyond the call of duty to ensure our happiness, ease and satisfaction during the entire time. You were able to make the whole process, which can be so stressful, such a pleasure. Finally, we were very impressed, and thank you, for your amazing negotiating skills!”





Peter Olson

“Thanks again for all your help, time and imagination as we searched for our new home. We are thrilled and appreciate all your efforts!”





John and Vivian

“John and I wish to thank you for the many thoughtful ways you have helped us and contributed to our peace of mind. The past four months have been a mix of stress, pleasure and progress and we can assure you we are enjoying ourselves through all of it. We send our very best wishes for your future happiness.”





Marian, Dana and David

“I just wanted to thank you again for all your hard work and dedication to getting our condo deal completed successfully. Your sense of humour and calmness throughout the event sure made it easier.”





Catherine

“I don’t even know where to begin in expressing my gratitude toward you! You’ve helped me find a first home that is more perfect for me than I could have dreamed of and you coloured the experience with professionalism and humour that made the journey unforgettable. You are a superstar in my eyes! I’ll be referring you on to friends until I’m blue in the face!
Thank you for working so hard for me during the week of insanity and for keeping my head on straight when, otherwise, it would have been a mess! Most of all, thank you for your friendship. I’ll look forward to directing a ton of business your way and watching you become a millionaire!”





Cathy and Matthew

“Yeah! We just put a sold sign up. Thank you very much for your patience, understanding, guidance and getting the job done! We really appreciate your support.
Look forward to seeing you soon and having a toast to celebrate. Cheers and thank you, thank you, thank you!”





Dr. James Haroun

“Chris recently sold my house in 4 days, at more that 5% above the list price. The asking price of the home was $1,998,000. Chris managed to find three buyers for the home on the first day of showings and was able to parlay the offers into a bidding war.
Chris helped me prepare my home to get it in tip-top shape rapidly, with no headaches for me. It was a seamless process.
He had a brilliant marketing campaign that exceeded any of my expectations, and he was head and shoulders ahead of the competing agents in the area in this regard. He planned and designed a fantastic brochure that was the envy of the market at the agents’ open house. He was innovative, timely, creative and always proactive.
Best of all, Chris has integrity that few men have in this world. He represented me well at all times, and he always had my best interests in mind throughout the process.
I highly recommend Chris to anyone looking to list their property. He will prove himself worthy of your trust, and I expect that you will always feel comfortable with Chris caring for your most prized possession: your home.”





Brad and Stephanie

“As the result of a job transfer, we found ourselves having to look for a home in Toronto. Although we had already settled on the neighbourhood we wanted to live in, we were unfamiliar with the current housing market in Toronto, and knew we would have limited opportunity to explore it prior to our ultimate relocation.
Chris was immediately able to assess our needs and effectively identified homes that met our criteria. Although commuting weekly from another city presented scheduling challenges, Chris was accommodating and consistently ensured that we were able to see the homes in which we were interested.
Chris’s advice and guidance throughout our search reflected his strong sense of real estate fundamentals and a thorough knowledge of the market. With his help, we were able to identify and purchase the right home for our family, and enjoy a high level of confidence in our decision.
We knew that Chris had our best interests in mind every step of the way. It was a pleasure working with Chris, and we would recommend him to other home buyers without reservation. Thanks Chris!”





Deborah and Andrew Levy

“My wife and I would like to commend Christopher for the outstanding job he did selling our house. He understood our needs from day one, priced the house accordingly, and then stuck to his guns. Over the course of the almost 4 months it took to sell the house, Christopher never missed a showing and still managed to schedule 5 open houses. The eventual buyer came through the house twice during open houses, bearing out Christopher’s conviction that the right buyer would eventually surface.
Christopher managed to get us 2 competing offers. He conducted himself admirable throughout what might have become an uncomfortable situation. The price he got us was great, especially in a cooling-off market.
Christopher did another excellent job handling the purchase of our new home. He read the sellers correctly, resulting in a good deal for us.”





Patrick and Patti Sullivan

“Chris Thomson provided us great support and guidance during the prelisting, advice phase, during our listing period and exceptional advice during the offer stage which enabled us to sell our home.
We knew Chris socially and always enjoyed his company but only realized his level of professionalism and skill as a Realtor as he guided us through the selling process. His insights and enthusiasm helped us to achieve our sales goal with very little concern on our part.
I would sincerely recommend Chris if you are considering the sale of your home or the purchase of another home!”











 



















 1654 Lakeshore Road West Mississauga,
ON L5J 1J3 Canada

Office: 905-822-6900
Mobile: 416-453-9108
christopherthomson(at)royallepage(dotted)ca





Home
About Us

Who We Are
Accolades
Testimonials


Listings

For Sale
For Lease
Sold


Communities

Toronto
Etobicoke
Port Credit
Oakville
Mississauga


Resources

For Buyers
For Sellers
Mortgage Calculator


Contact


    © 2016 Christopher Thomson.com All rights reserved. Sitemap | Real Estate Web Design by Agent Image































© 2016 Christopher Thomson.com All rights reserved.
	Real Estate Web Design by Agent Image

Facebook
Twitter
pinterest





HPB | Search for Thompson, John M./ Ward, Christopher J.

HPBYour favorite local bookstore.Everywhere.ClickSign up / Log inHelp0Your cartLooks like there are no items in here.  Start shopping now and add treasures to your cart. If you have items saved in your cart, sign in to your account to pick up where you left off. Sign in to your accountBrowse Best SellersBooks Popular subjectsYoung Adult FictionChildren's FictionReligionHistoryBiography & AutobiographySee All CategoriesCustomer favoritesBestsellersNew ReleasesBox SetsStaff PicksHPB BlogSuperbuysUnder $10Under $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Must HaveThe Hottest Book This WeekShop BestsellersMovies & TV Popular subjectsFamilyWesternsTelevision: HBOAction/AdventureTelevision: SeriesDramaTelevision: BBCComedyChildren's VideoCustomer favoritesBest selling moviesNew releasesBlu RayBooks turned into moviesKids and familyAnimeBoxed SetsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Good for a LaughThe Top Comedy of the WeekShop ComediesMusic Popular subjectsSoul/R&BPopular MusicFictionJuvenile Grades 4-6 Ages 9-11Country & WesternJazz MusicAudio Books on Tape-CDRomance/ModernDiet & NutritionCustomer favoritesBest selling musicNew releasesBest selling vinylKids and familyMovie soundtracksBoxed setsSuperbuysUnder $5Under $4Under $3Under $2Under $1Teen under $5Kids under $5New TunesThe Top Album of the WeekShop New MusicTextbooks Popular subjectsInternational EditionsSell Us Your TextbooksHomeschoolStudy GuidesCliffs NotesCareerRare Finds BooksSigned BooksFirst EditionsBoxed SetsBrowse Rare FindsMoviesCollectors EditionsBoxed SetsVinylPre 19501950-19541955-19591960-19641965-19691970-NowSuperbuysRare under $10Rare under $5New treasures on our shelvesStart collecting todayShop Rare FindsGift Cards Our StorySign up for our mailing list  and  save! JOIN THE LISTClickFIND A STOREYour search for "Thompson, John M./ Ward, Christopher J." returned 1959 results.Price Less than $2 (471) $2 to $5 (151) $5 to $15 (453) Over $15 (714)Format Paperback (1051) Hardcover (764) DVD (61) Blu-Ray (50) CD/Spoken Word (15) Compact Disc (9) Cassette/Spoken Word (4) School And Library (4) Pre-Loaded Audio Player (1)Condition New (316) Used (702) Fine/Like New (F) (24) Very Good (VG) (39) Good (G) (698) Fair (FR) (0) Poor (P) (0)Publisher createspace independent pub (243) mit pr (107) springer verlag (104) princeton univ pr (65)See all duke univ pr (51) univ of chicago pr (41) johns hopkins univ pr (40) brookings inst pr (37) john wiley & sons inc (35) oxford univ pr (33) new york univ pr (29) bradford books (28) eerdmans pub co (22) univ of michigan pr (21) taylor & francis (20) indiana univ pr (19) oxford univ pr on demand (18) univ pr of florida (18) routledge (17) southern illinois univ pr (17) mcgill queens univ pr (16) boydell & brewer inc (15) boydell pr (15) columbia univ pr (14) univ of illinois pr (14) pennsylvania state univ pr (13) society of biblical literature (13) w w norton & co inc (13) west group (13) univ of arizona pr (12) de gruyter oldenbourg (11) univ of notre dame pr (11) yale univ pr (11) jossey-bass inc pub (10) mcgraw-hill (10) random house inc (10) rowman & littlefield pub inc (10) univ pr of mississippi (10) cambridge univ pr (9) clarendon pr (9) ds brewer (9) liberty fund (9) univ of minnesota pr (9) brill academic pub (8) cornell univ pr (8) kluwer academic pub (8) transaction pub (8) univ of texas pr (8) abingdon pr (7) bloomsbury usa academic (7) fordham univ pr (7) lightning source inc (7) liturgical pr (7) prometheus books (7) rutgers univ pr (7) small pr distribution (7) stanford univ pr (7) univ of oklahoma pr (7) bloomsbury t & t clark (6) camden house (6) harvard univ pr (6) sage pubns (6) texas a & m univ pr (6) univ of virginia pr (6) blackwell pub (5) de gruyter (5) plenum pub corp (5) univ of pennsylvania pr (5) univ pr of kentucky (5) vs verlag fur sozialwissenschaften (5) alfred a knopf inc (4) alfred pub co (4) birkhauser (4) cq pr (4) createspace (4) david brown book co (4) del rey (4) franz steiner verlag wiesbaden gmbh (4) gallaudet univ pr (4) manchester univ pr (4) palgrave macmillan (4) pgw (4) univ of hawaii pr (4) univ of missouri pr (4) univ of north carolina pr (4) univ of pittsburgh pr (4) univ of south carolina pr (4) wiley-interscience (4) arcadia pub (3) arthur h clark (3) ballantine books (3) brill rodopi (3) chalice pr (3) clark art institute (3) farrar straus & giroux (3) four courts pr ltd (3) harpercollins (3) independent pub group (3) industrial pr (3) mcgill queens univ (3)See fewerAuthor aaron, henry j. (edt)/ reischauer, robert d. (edt) (3) abelove, henry/ barale, michele aina/ halperin, david m. (edt) (2) adell, sandra (edt) (2) adiyodi, k. g. (edt)/ adiyodi, rita g. (edt) (2)See all adler, hans (edt)/ koepke, wulf (edt) (2) adler, michael a. (edt) (2) aghion, philippe (edt)/ frydman, roman (edt)/ stiglitz, joseph e. (edt)/ woodford, michael (edt)/ phelps, edmund s. (edt) (2) agust?, adolfo p?rez (3) alberti, samuel j. m. m. (edt) (2) allan, stuart (edt) (2) allen, colin (edt)/ lauder, george v. (edt)/ bekoff, marc (edt) (2) alonso, nina rubinstein (2) altbach, philip g. (edt)/ gumport, patricia j. (edt)/ berdahl, robert o. (edt) (3) amiss, john m./ jones, franklin d./ ryffel, henry h./ mccauley, christopher j. (edt) (2) anderson, amanda (edt)/ valente, joseph (edt) (2) anderson, paul n. (edt)/ just, felix (edt)/ thatcher, tom (edt) (2) angelo pizzo (2) art, robert j. (edt)/ waltz, kenneth n. (edt) (3) aspatore books (4) aspatore books staff (9) ava duvernay (4) babington, bruce (2) baltasar kormákur (3) banting, keith g. (edt)/ boadway, robin (edt) (2) barbour, christine/ wright, gerald c. (4) barolini, teodolinda (edt)/ storey, h. wayne (edt)/ storey, wayne (edt)/ dante society of america (cor) (2) barrie, j. m. (6) bauman, h-dirksen l. (edt)/ murray, joseph j. (edt)/ solomon, andrew (frw)/ skuttnab-kangas, tove (aft) (2) bauman, margaret l., m.d. (edt)/ kemper, thomas l., m.d. (edt) (2) baumgartner, peter (edt)/ payr, sabine (edt) (3) bellesiles, michael a. (edt) (2) benhabib, seyla (edt)/ d'entreves, maurizio passerin (edt) (2) benjamin, ludy t. (2) bennett miller (4) bennett, larry (edt)/ garner, roberta (edt)/ hague, euan (edt) (2) berg, james j. (edt)/ freeman, chris (edt)/ mccauley, stephen (frw) (2) bestor, theodore c. (edt)/ steinhoff, patricia g./ bestor, victoria lyon (2) boardman, bridget (2) bone, martyn (edt) (2) brandon camp (2) brothers grimm/ hunt, margaret (3) brown, nathan j. (edt) (2) buccirossi, paolo (edt) (2) burczak, theodore a. (2) burt, stephen (edt)/ halpern, nick (edt) (2) busch, briton cooper (edt) (2) cahn, steven m. (edt) (3) caine, jutter/ stewart, christopher, sir (3) caputo, john d. (edt)/ dooley, mark (edt)/ scanlon, michael j. (edt) (2) carlberg, michael (2) carpenter, kenneth (edt) (3) cavell, stanley/ diamond, cora/ mcdowell, john/ hacking, ian/ wolfe, cary (2) chew, donald h. (edt) (2) chew, pat k. (edt) (2) clint eastwood (4) crowley, david/ mitchell, david (edt) (2) decuir, randy (8) decuir, randy paul (5) dermot mulroney (2) destiny, s. e. (4) donahue, john d. (edt)/ nye, joseph s. (edt)/ visions of governance in the 21st century (program) (2) dyck, noel/ waldram, james b. (edt) (2) eric darnell (3) esty, jed (2) gabbay, dov m. (edt)/ hogger, christopher john (edt)/ robinson, j. a. (edt) (5) gilbert, robert e. (edt) (2) glasby, john (2) graham, don (edt) (2) grant, peter r. (edt)/ grant, b. rosemary (edt) (2) greenstein, fred i. (edt) (2) haddad, y. m. (3) hayry, matti (2) heclo, hugh (edt)/ mcclay, wilfred m. (edt) (2) hoffman, michael j. (edt)/ murphy, patrick d. (edt) (5) hollinger, david a. (edt)/ capper, charles (edt) (2) hudson, robert b. (edt) (3) j. lee thompson (4) james cameron (6) john requa (5) jon amiel (5) katz, friedrich (edt) (4) kenyon, j. douglas (edt) (3) martin scorsese (3) mcewan, bonnie g. (edt) (3) monmonier, mark (3) not available (na) (25) paris, john ayrton/ fonblanque, j. s. m. (3) peter berg (3) phillip g. atwell (4) queen, h. j. (3) rigdon, john c. (33) romer, david h. (edt)/ wolfers, justin (edt) (3) seth macfarlane (8) stephen daldry (3) synge, john millington (5) thompson, john l. (3) tony gilroy (4) tony scott (3) various artists (5) young, james harvey (3)See fewerDirector seth macfarlane (8) james cameron (6) john requa (6) jon amiel (5)See all ava duvernay (4) baltasar kormákur (4) bennett miller (4) clint eastwood (4) j. lee thompson (4) phillip g. atwell (4) tony gilroy (4) eric darnell (3) martin scorsese (3) peter berg (3) scott hicks (3) stephen daldry (3) tony scott (3) angelo pizzo (2) brandon camp (2) dermot mulroney (2) jaume collet-sera (2) jon favreau (2) josh trank (2) kirk jones (2) luke greenfield (2) niki caro (2) paul thomas anderson (2) rob cohen (2) spike lee (2) steve mcqueen (2) thomas bezucha (2) thomas carter (2) alan clarke (1) alfred e. green (1) brian helgeland (1) bruce manning (1) budd boetticher (1) kevin cooper (1) laurie collyer (1) michael winterbottom (1) robert kirbyson (1) shana betz (1)See fewerActor liam neeson (13) method studios (12) douglas m. griffin (11) eric heffron (11)See all leonardo dicaprio (11) bill paxton (10) catherine curtin (10) joe chrest (10) john carroll lynch (10) terry porter (10) aaron zell (8) adam somner (8) alec sulkin (8) amanda seyfried (8) andrew ward (8) brian mendenhall (8) darrin prescott (8) david smith (8) elliot koretz (8) giovanni ribisi (8) jack knight (8) jason clark (8) jay patterson (8) john mcconnell (8) julius sharpe (8) mark kamine (8) mark wahlberg (8) matthew walters (8) michael barrett (8) nicholas tripodi (8) peter borck (8) ralph garman (8) scott rogers (8) seth macfarlane (8) tait fletcher (8) tippett studio (8) wellesley wild (8) adrian bellani (7) alfred molina (7) bill murray (7) bill stinchcomb (7) carl fullerton (7) christopher young (7) denzel washington (7) jennifer lane (7) jonah hill (7) kyle clements (7) nic ratner (7) ritchie montgomery (7) robert j. dohrmann (7) steve routman (7) adi hanash (6) alexandria owens (6) alison waddell (6) amber waddell (6) ambyr childers (6) amy gaipa (6) anatoly m. sagalevitch (6) anders falk (6) andy koyama (6) anna behlmer (6) barry dennen (6) bernard fox (6) bernard hill (6) billy smith (6) billy zane (6) bjorn (6) blaise corrigan (6) brad pitt (6) brendan connolly (6) brian walsh (6) camilla overbye roos (6) carmen ejogo (6) celine dion (6) charlotte chatton (6) christopher byrne (6) christopher dempsey (6) conrad buff (6) corey stoll (6) craig kelly (6) dan pettersson (6) danny nucci (6) david cronnelly (6) david kency (6) david m. witz (6) david warner (6) deborah lynn scott (6) deneen tyler (6) derek lea (6) diana morgan (6) dylan kenin (6) edward fletcher (6) elsa raven (6) emmett james (6) eric braeden (6) erik holland (6) ethan suplee (6) ewan stewart (6) fannie brett (6) frances fisher (6)See fewerArtist various artists (7) composer: johann sebastian bach (composer) (1685 - 1750) artist: argenta, nancy (1) composer: wolfgang amadeus mozart (composer) (1756 - 1791) artist: kunz, erich (1)Department science/math (110) politics/intl relations (85) history/world (65) sociology (63)See all business/economics (59) literary criticism (58) religion/ethics (48) history/american (46) medical (44) drama (41) philosophy (38) psychology (34) fiction (29) literature/classics (29) action/adventure (27) comedy (27) art (26) biography/autobiography (18) law (17) education (16) music (15) language (14) plays (14) horror (13) poetry (13) computer/general (12) science fiction (11) nature/ecology (10) cinema-film (6) family (6) fantasy (6) popular music (6) sports (6) military (5) architecture (4) juvenile grades 3-4 ages 8-9 (4) spanish adult non-fiction (4) family/marriage (3) gay & lesbian (3) juvenile grades 4-6 ages 9-11 (3) mystery/suspense (3) new age (3) reference (3) self help (3) classical music (2) erotica (2) health/fitness (2) juvenile grades 2-3 ages 7-8 (2) personal finance (2) sci-fi/fantasy (2) suspense (2) westerns (2) audio books on tape-cd (1) biography (1) childcare/parenting (1) computer/languages (1) cooking (1) folklore/mythology (1) foreign video - chinese (1) foreign video - spanish/misc. (1) games & puzzles (1) humor (1) jazz music (1) juvenile grades 1-2 ages 6-7 (1) juvenile grades 10-12 ages 15+ (1) juvenile kindergarten ages 5-6 (1) musicals (1) performing arts (1) photo techniques (1) romance/general (1) romance/modern (1) spanish adult fiction (1) transportation (1) travel (1) western (1)See fewerAttributesDeals In stock under $5 (617) Clearance (531)LanguageSelectAfar
Abkhazian
Achinese
Acoli
Adangme
Adyghe; Adygei
Afro Asiatic (Other)
Afrihili
Afrikaans
Akan
Akkadian
Albanian
Aleut
Algonquian Languages
Amharic
Old English
Apache Languages
Arabic
Aramaic
Aragonese
Armenian
Araucanian
Arapaho
Artificial (Other)
Arawak
Assamese
Asturian; Bable
Assyrian
Athapascan Languages
Australian Languages
Avaric
Avestan
Awadhi
Aymara
Azerbaijani
Banda
Bamileke Languages
Bashkir
Baluchi
Bambara
Balinese
Basque
Baltic (Other)
Beja
Belarusian
Bemba
Bengali
Berber (Other)
Bhojpuri
Bihari
Bikol
Bilingual
Bini
Bislama
Siksika
Bantu (Other)
Bosnian
Braj
Breton
Batak (Indonesia)
Buriat
Buginese
Bulgarian
Burmese
Blin; Bilin
Caddo
Central American Indian (Other)
Cambodian
Carib
Catalan
Caucasian (Other)
Cayuga
Cebuano
Celtic Languages
Chamorro
Chibcha
Chechen
Chagatai
Chinese
Chuukese
Mari
Chinook Jargon
Choctaw
Chipewyan
Cherokee
Church & Old Slavic/Slavonic; Old Bulgarian
Chuvash
Cheyenne
Chamic Languages
Coptic
Cornish
Corsican
Creoles And Pidgins
Cree
Crimean Tatar; Crimean Turkish
Creoles And Pidgins (Other)
Kashubian
Cushitic (Other)
Czech
Dakota
Danish
Dari Afghanistan
Dayak
Delaware
Slave (Athapascan)
Dogrib
Dinka
Divehi
Dogri
Dravidian (Other)
Lower Sorbian
Duala
Dutch
Dyula
Dzongkha
Efik
Egyptian (Ancient)
Ekajuk
Elamite
English
Middle English
Esperanto
Estonian
Ewe
Ewondo
Fang
Faroese
Fanti
Fijian
Filipino; Pilipino
Finnish
Finno Ugrian (Other)
Fon
French
Frisian
Fulah
Friulian
Ga
Gayo
Gbaya
Germanic (Other)
Georgian
German
Geez
Gilbertese
Gaelic
Irish
Gallegan
Manx
Gondi
Gorontalo
Gothic
Grebo
Ancient Greek
Greek
Guarani
Gujarati
Gwich´In
Haida
Haitian; Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Herero
Hiligaynon
Himachali
Hindi
Hittite
Hmong
Hiri Motu
Upper Sorbian
Hungarian
Hupa
Iban
Igbo
Icelandic
Ido
Sichuan Yi
Ijo
Inuktitut
Interlingue
Iloko
Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association)
Indic (Other)
Indonesian
Indo European Languages
Ingush
Inupiaq
Pashto Iranian
Iroquoian Languages
Italian
Javanese
Lojban
Japanese
Judeo Persian
Judeo Arabic
Kara Kalpak
Kabyle
Kachin
Kalaallisut; Greenlandic
Kamba
Kannada
Karen
Kashmiri
Kanuri
Kawi
Kazakh
Kabardian
Khasi
Khoisan (Other)
Khmer
Khotanese
Kikuyu; Gikuyu
Kinyarwanda
Kirghiz
Kimbundu
Konkani
Komi
Kongo
Korean
Kosraean
Kpelle
Karachay Balkar
Kru
Kurukh
Kuanyama; Kwanyama
Kumyk
Kurdish
Kutenai
Ladino
Lahnda
Lamba
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lezghian
Limburgan; Limburger; Limburgish
Lingala
Lithuanian
Mongo
Lozi
Luxembourgish; Letzeburgesch
Luba Lulua
Luba Katanga
Ganda
Luiseno
Lunda
Luo (Kenya And Tanzania)
Lushai
Macedonian
Madurese
Magahi
Marshallese
Maithili
Makasar
Malayalam
Mandarin
Maori
Austronesian (Other)
Marathi
Masai
Malay
Moksha
Mandar
Mende
Mexican
Mi'kmaq; Micmac
Minangkabau
Miscellaneous Languages
Mon Khmer (Other)
Malagasy
Maltese
Manchu
Manipuri
Manobo Languages
Mohawk
Moldavian
Mongolian
Mossi
Multilingual
Munda Languages
Creek
Mirandese
Marwari
Mayan Languages
Erzya
Nahualt (Aztec)
North American Indian
Neapolitan
Nauru
Navajo
Ndebele
Ndonga
Low German; Low Saxon; German
Nepali
Newari; Nepal Bhasa
Nias
Niger Kordofanian (Other)
Niuean
Norwegian Nynorsk; Nynorsk
Norwegian BokmÅl; BokmÅl
Nogai
Norse
Norwegian
Northern Sotho
Nubian Languages
Classical Newari; Old Newari; Classical Nepal Bhasa
Chichewa; Chewa; Nyanja
Nyamwezi
Nyankole
Nyoro
Nzima
Occitan (Post 1500); ProvenÇal
Ojibwa
Oriya
Oromo
Osage
Ossetian; Ossetic
Turkish
Other
Otomian Languages
Papuan (Other)
Pangasinan
Pahlavi
Pampanga
Punjabi
Papiamento
Palauan
Persian
Persian Farsi
Philipino
Phoenician
Pali
Polish
Pohnpeian
Portuguese
Prakrit Languages
ProvenÇal
Pushto
Quechua
Rajasthani
Rapanui
Rarotongan
Romance (Other)
Raeto Romance
Romansch
Romanian
Rundi
Russian
Sandawe
Sango
Yakut
South American Indian (Other)
Salishan Languages
Sam
Sanskrit
Sasak
Santali
Serbo Croatian
Sicilian
Scots
Croatian
Selkup
Semitic
Sign Languages
Shan
Sidamo
Sinhala; Sinhalese
Siouan Languages
Sino Tibetan (Other)
Slavic (Other)
Slovak
Slovenian
Southern Sami
Northern Sami
Sami Languages (Other)
Lule Sami
Inari Sami
Samoan
Skolt Sami
Shona
Sindhi
Soninke
Sogdian
Somali
Songhai
Sotho
Spanish
Sardinian
Serer
Nilo Saharan (Other)
Swati
Sukuma
Sundanese
Susu
Sumerian
Swahili
Swedish
Syriac
Tahitian
Tai (Other)
Tamil
Tatar
Telugu
Timne
Tereno
Tetum
Tajik
Tagalog
Thai
Tibetan
Tigre
Tigrinya
Tiv
Tokelau
Klingon; Tlhingan Hol
Tlingit
Tamashek
Tonga (Nyasa)
Tonga (Tonga Islands)
Tok Pisin
Tsimshian
Tswana
Tsonga
Turkmen
Tumbuka
Tupi Languages
Altaic (Other)
Tuvalu
Twi
Tuvinian
Udmurt
Ugaritic
Uighur; Uyghur
Ukrainian
Umbundu
Undetermined
Urdu
Uzbek
Vai
Venda
Vietnamese
VolapÜk
Votic
Wakashan Languages
Walamo
Waray
Washo
Welsh
Sorbian Languages
Walloon
Wolof
Kalmyk
Xhosa
Yao
Yapese
Yiddish
Yoruba
Yupik Languages
Zapotec (Mexico)
Zenaga
Zhuang; Chuang
Zande
Zulu
ZuniYeartoENDS JULY 30WIN A $500 GIFT CARDLet us invest in your dreams by picking up the tab for your textbooks! Snap a selfie and you could win.ENTER WEEKLYAll999+Books999+Music29 ResultsMovies & TV111 ResultsSort results by:Most RelevantPrice: Low to HighPrice: High to LowTitle A - ZTitle Z - AAuthor/Artist/DirectorPublication Date: Newest to OldestPublication Date: Oldest to NewestRussia: A Historical Introduction From Kievan Rus' To The Presentby Thompson, John M./ Ward, Christopher J.  (2017)Available Book Formats:  Turtleback (5) | Library (72) | Paperback (190) | Hardcover (70)Russia: A Historical Introduction From Kievan Rus' To The Presentby Thompson, John M./ Ward, Christopher J.  (2017)Available Book Formats:  Turtleback (5) | Library (72) | Paperback (190) | Hardcover (70) See DetailsSee all from $47.60 See DetailsSee all from $47.60The Catalan Rule Of The Templars: A Critical Edition And English Translation From Barcelona, Archivo De La Corona De Aragon, 'cartes Reales', Ms 3344by Archivo De LA Corona De Aragon (COR)/ Harper-Bill, Christopher (EDT)/ Upton-Ward, J. M.  (2003)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)The Catalan Rule Of The Templars: A Critical Edition And English Translation From Barcelona, Archivo De La Corona De Aragon, 'cartes Reales', Ms 3344by Archivo De LA Corona De Aragon (COR)/ Harper-Bill, Christopher (EDT)/ Upton-Ward, J. M.  (2003)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockJohn Custos, Spanish Inquisition And The Trial Of This Famous Freemasonby Ward, J. S. M.  (2005)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)John Custos, Spanish Inquisition And The Trial Of This Famous Freemasonby Ward, J. S. M.  (2005)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $20.00 See DetailsSee all from $20.00The Uk Financial System: Theory And Practiceby Buckle, M. J./ Thompson, John  (2005)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (2)The Uk Financial System: Theory And Practiceby Buckle, M. J./ Thompson, John  (2005)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (2) See DetailsSee all from $10.99 See DetailsSee all from $10.99The Uk Financial System: Theory And Practiceby Buckle, M. J./ Thompson, John  (1995)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1)The Uk Financial System: Theory And Practiceby Buckle, M. J./ Thompson, John  (1995)Available Book Formats:  Hardcover (1) See DetailsSee all from $3.34 See DetailsSee all from $3.34Magic & Mechanicaby Santa, Robert J. (EDT)/ Ward, Bill (EDT)/ Cevasco, Christopher M.  (2009)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)Magic & Mechanicaby Santa, Robert J. (EDT)/ Ward, Bill (EDT)/ Cevasco, Christopher M.  (2009)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $343.60 See DetailsSee all from $343.60Reason And The Rule Of Faith: Conversations In The Tradition With John Paul Iiby Thompson, Christopher J. (EDT)/ Long, Steven A. (EDT)  (2011)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1)Reason And The Rule Of Faith: Conversations In The Tradition With John Paul Iiby Thompson, Christopher J. (EDT)/ Long, Steven A. (EDT)  (2011)Available Book Formats:  Paperback (1) See DetailsSee all from $29.97 See DetailsSee all from $29.97Before Winter ComesJ. Lee Thompson, John Collin, Larry Dann, Constantin DeGoguel, Guy Deghy, Hugh Futcher, John Hurt, George Innes, Harry Kalenberg, Gertan Klauber, Ori Levy, Mark Malicz, David Niven, Hana-Maria Pravda, Anthony Quayle, Christopher Sandford, John Savident, Tony Selby, Karel Stepanek, Topol, Jeffrey Wickham, Anna Karina, Karin SchroederAvailable Movie & TV Formats:  DVD (1)Before Winter ComesJ. Lee Thompson, John Collin, Larry Dann, Constantin DeGoguel, Guy Deghy, Hugh Futcher, John Hurt, George Innes, Harry Kalenberg, Gertan Klauber, Ori Levy, Mark Malicz, David Niven, Hana-Maria Pravda, Anthony Quayle, Christopher Sandford, John Savident, Tony Selby, Karel Stepanek, Topol, Jeffrey Wickham, Anna Karina, Karin SchroederAvailable Movie & TV Formats:  DVD (1) See DetailsSee all from $17.98 See DetailsSee all from $17.98Conquest Of The Planet Of The ApesJ. Lee Thompson, Don Murray, Hari Rhodes, Ricardo Montalban, David Chow, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Roddy McDowall, Lou Wagner, John RandolphAvailable Movie & TV Formats:  DVD (1) | Blu-Ray (1)Conquest Of The Planet Of The ApesJ. Lee Thompson, Don Murray, Hari Rhodes, Ricardo Montalban, David Chow, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Roddy McDowall, Lou Wagner, John RandolphAvailable Movie & TV Formats:  DVD (1) | Blu-Ray (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockConquest Of The Planet Of The ApesJ. Lee Thompson, Don Murray, Hari Rhodes, Ricardo Montalban, David Chow, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Roddy McDowall, Lou Wagner, John RandolphAvailable Movie & TV Formats:  DVD (1) | Blu-Ray (1)Conquest Of The Planet Of The ApesJ. Lee Thompson, Don Murray, Hari Rhodes, Ricardo Montalban, David Chow, Natalie Trundy, Severn Darden, Roddy McDowall, Lou Wagner, John RandolphAvailable Movie & TV Formats:  DVD (1) | Blu-Ray (1) See DetailsOut of stock See DetailsOut of stockShow 10 more results× 
























Christopher Thomsen | Capital Group















































  
 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INSTITUTIONS & CONSULTANTS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In  Log Out 
























Search










 






    ACCOUNTS  
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x











INVESTMENT STRATEGIES




 by Objective 
 by Asset Type 
 by Vehicle 
 All Strategies 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 View All American Funds - Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs  
 Download Fund Data 
 







MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Fund Holdings Search 
 Fund Literature 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Quarterly Attribution & Commentary 
 



















 
    CLIENT SOLUTIONS 





                 CLIENT SOLUTIONS 
                See All

Close x










CLIENTS AND CONSULTANTS




 Defined Contribution Plan Sponsors  
 Public Pensions 
 Insurance Companies 
 









 




 Corporate Pensions 
 Nonprofits 
 Consultant Relationships 
 









SOLUTIONS




 American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® 
 Liability-Driven Investing 
 American Funds Insurance Series® 
 



















 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Market Commentary 
 Investment Insights 
 Defined Contribution Insights 
 









TOPICS




 Dividends 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global Investing 
 Long Duration 
 









 




 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Municipal Bonds 
 Portfolio Construction 
 Target Date 
 









FEATURED












 Five Ways President-Elect Donald Trump Could Move Markets  










READ










 World Markets Review for Second Quarter 2017  










READ











 
    EVENTS 





                 EVENTS 
                See All

Close x










Upcoming Events


Past Events


Featured Events














 
    ABOUT US  























  
 ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 CLIENT SOLUTIONS 
 INSIGHTS 
 EVENTS 
 ABOUT US 





























Investment Professionals















Christopher Thomsen
Portfolio Manager
London office


Christopher Thomsen is an equity portfolio manager at Capital Group. He has 19 years of investment experience, all with Capital Group. Earlier in his career at Capital, as an equity investment analyst, he covered European and Asian media companies, Hong Kong-based utilities, property companies, conglomerates, and small-cap companies along with generalist coverage of other companies domiciled in Hong Kong and the Philippines. Prior to joining Capital, Chris worked as a corporate finance analyst for Citibank NA. He holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a bachelor’s degree in international economics from the School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University. Chris is based in London.
























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses or the collective investment trust's Characteristics statement, which can be obtained from a financial professional, Capital or your relationship manager, and should be read carefully before investing. 












































Closex
 


















