

Kathy Thompson, Stock Yards Bancorp Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





Kathy Thompson

Senior Exec Vice President,
Stock Yards Bancorp Inc






Career History




Senior Exec Vice President
Stock Yards Bancorp Inc, 4/2014-PRESENT


Senior Exec VP/Mgr:Invstmt
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co/Louisville KY, 1/2006-PRESENT


Senior Exec Vice President
SY Bancorp Inc, 1/2006-4/2014


Executive Vice President
SY Bancorp Inc, 1996-1/2006


Executive Vice President
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co/Louisville KY, UNKNOWN-1/2006


Various Positions
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co/Louisville KY, 1992-1996


Executive Vice President
Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co/Louisville KY, 1996-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.syb.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1012 Story Avenue
Louisville, KY 40206
United States


Phone:
1-502-582-2571


Fax:
1-502-589-2855


Web url:
www.syb.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co/Louisville KY


Board Member, PRESENT




Stock Yards Bancorp Inc


Board Member, 4/2014-PRESENT




SY Bancorp Inc


Board Member, 1/1994-4/2014



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Kathy C. Thompson - Senior Executive Vice President at Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Kathy C. Thompson
Senior Executive Vice President at Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Kathy C. Thompson
Senior Executive Vice President at Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.



 Overview



Age



55
                                  (Born 1962)
                                              




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 49 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Louisville Business First (Kentucky)
August 7, 2015





                        Few women populate highest-paid executives list                    







 Relationships
              See Details




David P. Heintzman

Chief Executive Officer at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.




James A. Hillebrand

President at Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.





Nancy B. Davis

Executive Vice President, Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.




Philip S. Poindexter

Chief Lending Officer & Executive Vice President at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.





Thomas Clay Stinnett

Executive Vice President & Chief Strategic Officer, Stock Yards Bank & Trust at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.




William M. Dishman III

Executive Vice President & Chief Risk Officer at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.





Carl G. Herde

Former Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer at Baptist Healthcare System, Inc.




Charles R. Edinger III

President at Edinger J. & Sons, Inc.





Rich Lechleiter

President at Catholic Education Foundation (Kentucky)




Stephen M. Priebe

President & Chief Operating Officer at Hall Contracting of Kentucky, Inc.







See 39 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 39 More 


 


 Paths to Kathy C. Thompson



            Kathy C. Thompson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Kathy C. Thompson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Kathy C. Thompson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Senior Executive Vice President, Wealth Management Group

                                    1992 - Current                


Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.


                  Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the provision of commercial and personal banking services through its subsidiary. It also offers secured loans, including commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, real estate, construction, home equity, consumer and other loans. It operates through Commercial Banking and Investment Management & Trust segments. The Commercial Banking segment provides a full range of loan and deposit products to individual consumers and businesses. The Investment Management and Trust segment offers wealth management services including investment management, trust and estate administration, and retirement plan services. The company was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Louisville, KY.                




Senior Executive Vice President

                                    Current                


Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.


                  Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.'s (SYB) investment process begins with evaluation of the client's investment objectives, risk tolerance, need for income and growth of principal. They use this to determine the best asset allocation among stocks, bonds and cash. Portfolios are monitored and revised based on changes in the client's needs and objectives or on SYB's assessment of macroeconomic conditions. The firm offers various portfolio options including equities, mutual funds, specialty 3rd party managers, fixed income and alternative investments.SYB believes that stocks provide the greatest potential for growth. The firm monitors a database of thousands of companies to select stocks which with characteristics that correlate strongly with increasing stock prices. SYB uses these screening techniques to build a portfolio of stocks which have historically outperformed market benchmarks.When mutual funds are better suited than individual securities to meet a client's objectives, SYB selects mutual funds which offer a variety of investment styles similar to the core investment style of Stock Yards Bank.SYB often uses specialized investment products to reduce the risk in a portfolio and provide the opportunity for enhanced returns. SYB's Wealth Management Group offers clients access to 3rd party managers as a complement to their core equity and fixed income styles. These styles may include international investing, small-cap stocks and hedge funds.SYB believes that the fixed income portion of a portfolio should provide market value stability and the majority of the portfolio's income. SYB emphasizes credit quality and maturity management, based on the client's risk tolerance and the current interest rate environment.In addition to equity and fixed income investments, SYB also manages alternative investments such as real estate, mineral interests, hedge funds and private equity funds. They may manage such investments in-house or through third party managers.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    1994 - Current                  


Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.

                    Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the provision of commercial and personal banking services through its subsidiary. It also offers secured loans, including commercial lines of credit, commercial term loans, real estate, construction, home equity, consumer and other loans. It operates through Commercial Banking and Investment Management & Trust segments. The Commercial Banking segment provides a full range of loan and deposit products to individual consumers and businesses. The Investment Management and Trust segment offers wealth management services including investment management, trust and estate administration, and retirement plan services. The company was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Louisville, KY.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.

                    Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co.'s (SYB) investment process begins with evaluation of the client's investment objectives, risk tolerance, need for income and growth of principal. They use this to determine the best asset allocation among stocks, bonds and cash. Portfolios are monitored and revised based on changes in the client's needs and objectives or on SYB's assessment of macroeconomic conditions. The firm offers various portfolio options including equities, mutual funds, specialty 3rd party managers, fixed income and alternative investments.SYB believes that stocks provide the greatest potential for growth. The firm monitors a database of thousands of companies to select stocks which with characteristics that correlate strongly with increasing stock prices. SYB uses these screening techniques to build a portfolio of stocks which have historically outperformed market benchmarks.When mutual funds are better suited than individual securities to meet a client's objectives, SYB selects mutual funds which offer a variety of investment styles similar to the core investment style of Stock Yards Bank.SYB often uses specialized investment products to reduce the risk in a portfolio and provide the opportunity for enhanced returns. SYB's Wealth Management Group offers clients access to 3rd party managers as a complement to their core equity and fixed income styles. These styles may include international investing, small-cap stocks and hedge funds.SYB believes that the fixed income portion of a portfolio should provide market value stability and the majority of the portfolio's income. SYB emphasizes credit quality and maturity management, based on the client's risk tolerance and the current interest rate environment.In addition to equity and fixed income investments, SYB also manages alternative investments such as real estate, mineral interests, hedge funds and private equity funds. They may manage such investments in-house or through third party managers.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Kathy C. Thompson is affiliated with
                            Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc., Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co., Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc., Stock Yards Bank & Trust Co..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Kathy C. Thompson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kathy C. Thompson
Dir., Senior Executive Vice President and Manager, Investment Management and Trust Department at Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Kathy C. Thompson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kathy C. Thompson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kathy C. Thompson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kathy C. Thompson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kathy C. Thompson through your network of contacts.
												








Kathy C. Thompson's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Senior Executive Vice President and Manager, Investment Management and Trust Department, 
Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.


Past
To view Kathy C. Thompson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Kathy C. Thompson's Biography




			Ms. Thompson joined the Bank in 1992 as Manager of the Investment Management and Trust Department, at which time the Trust Department had $200 million in assets under management. Under her leadership, the department has grown to $2.5 billion in assets under management and is one of the most profitable bank-owned trust companies in the country. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Thompson practiced estate planning law and worked in a regional bank's trust department where she specialized in investment management and estate and personal financial planning.
		
Source: Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc. on 03/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kathy C. Thompson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kathy C. Thompson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kathy C. Thompson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kathy C. Thompson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kathy C. Thompson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kathy C. Thompson


















Kathy C. Thompson's Connections (26)





Sign up now to view Kathy C. Thompson's 26 connections »









Philip S. Poindexter
Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer, Stock Yards Bank and Trust Company, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









James A. Hillebrand
Dir. and President, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









J. McCauley Brown
Board Member, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









Richard A. Lechleiter
Board Member, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









Charles R. Edinger
Lead Independent Director, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









Norman Tasman
Board Member, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









Nancy B. Davis
Executive Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









Carl G. Herde
Board Member, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









David P. Heintzman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.









Stephen M. Priebe
Board Member, Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Kathy C Thompson - Bellevue, KY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kathy C Thompson in Bellevue, KY


Kathy C Thompson

                                                                        Intelius found that Kathy C Thompson  from Bellevue, KY.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                1 phone,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Kathy Has Lived In

Bellevue, KY

Kathy's Relatives

Andrea Thompson
Paul Thompson
Anne Thompson
Randell Thompson







Kathy C Thompson



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kathy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kathy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kathy C Thompson
Get a Criminal Check on Kathy C Thompson
Get a Public Record Report on Kathy C Thompson
Get a People Search Report on Kathy C Thompson


Kathy C Thompson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kathy C Thompson has lived as well as Kathy C Thompson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kathy C Thompson Has Lived in 1 States
Kentucky Address for Kathy C Thompson


1023 T***** A** 

Bellevue, KY


Has Lived In

Bellevue, KY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kathy C Thompson

() ***-**** - Bellevue, KY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kathy C Thompson



Get Email Report




Kathy C Thompson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kathy C Thompson


Kathy C Thompson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kathy C Thompson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kathy Thompson
Username Matches

                  KathyThompson
                  ThompsonKathy
                  Kathy.Thompson
                  Thompson.Kathy
                  Kathy_Thompson
                  Thompson_Kathy
                  Kathy-Thompson
                  Thompson-Kathy
                  KThompson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Thompson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.












需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017










Kathy Thompson – University of South Alabama – Gulf States Shipbuilders Consortium






























































 
























Skip to content











Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
 









 




Gulf States Shipbuilders Consortium
Making waves in the shipbuilding and repair industry.














Search for:


Search















 

Dr. Kathy Thompson is the Special Assistant to the Dean at the University of South Alabama in Mobile, AL.
Dr. Thompson’s team-oriented and collaborative style of management is the product of 23 years of combined experience in workforce and economic development and postsecondary education. Kathy brings an intrinsic flair for innovation, creative problem solving, and measured risk-taking to drive consistent bottom-line improvements and stakeholder return.  Her higher-order thinking and “no holds barred” approach to breaking through institutional memory and resistance to change, propels others to optimal performance and organizational wellness. She solves problems, exceeds expectations, and ultimately grows organizations into powerful, productive, and responsive engines that drive and deliver results.   
Prior to joining USA, Kathy served as the Dean of Technical Education and Workforce Development at Bishop State Community College with the task to elevate the college to be a regional leader of technical education that meets the workforce needs of business and industry and the community.
Kathy also served as the Executive Director of the Macon-Bibb County Workforce Investment Board, Inc. (MBWIB, Inc.). Within weeks, she found herself designing a renaissance strategy to transform MBWIB, Inc. into the next generation of regional workforce development:
Grace under fire: Spokesperson for local workforce development office during a period of intense political scrutiny and media attention.
Catalyst for change and Sustainability: Orchestrated sweeping organizational changes, including 501(c)3 incorporation; raised organizational viability by bringing innovative programmatic solutions to the forefront of crucial Executive Committee discussions.
Joint Ventures and Alliances: Created the Business Service Center to maximize engagement and outcomes of strategic alliances between academia, industry, and business, improving responsiveness to workforce needs with employer programs and services that include Industry Sector Job Fairs, On-the-Job Training, and specialized recruitment and prescreening of job applicants.
Building Productive Coalitions: 1) Rolled-out the Career Coach Program with the local schools as a resource-sharing partner, resulting in the expansion of program offerings to more target youth while containing costs; 2) Partnered with Central Georgia Technical College to launch “PowerUp,” a 6-month program that, upon completion, helps unemployed and unskilled high school drop outs achieve a GED and become work-ready.
In 2008, Virginia’s workforce delivery system was consolidated with the Virginia Community College System. Recognized for high-potential, Kathy was appointed Director of Postsecondary Education and Senior Workforce Analyst and her career took a ten-fold leap in responsibility as she led the way in creating a workforce system focused on skill development and training and demand-driven occupations. Kathy aptly built partnerships with the 23 community colleges in Virginia to implement career and technical education and worked with the 15 local workforce investment boards to create a seamless workforce delivery system throughout the state. Earlier, as Executive Policy Analyst with the Virginia Governor’s Office for Workforce Development (2006-2008), Kathy was charged with reforming the Virginia workforce delivery system to focus on employers and demand-driven jobs; to increase accessibility of high-wage jobs to low-income workers; and to strengthen the workforce by improving the quality of existing jobs.
Kathy’s career includes college-level teaching experience as a professor of political science at the University of Richmond, where she taught courses in public policy, public administration, leadership and women in politics with her research focused on workforce development and the intersection with economic development and education (secondary and postsecondary).
Kathy holds a Ph.D. in Public Policy and Administration from Virginia Commonwealth University, Center for Public Policy; a Master of Public Administration Degree from Auburn University; and a Bachelor of Science degree in Social Work from the University of Alabama. 
 
 













Wildcard SSL 




 






































KATHY THOMPSON - SUMTER, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



SUMTER



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            KATHY THOMPSON
                                    



 





















K 


KATHY THOMPSON
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3910 MCCRAYS MILL RD SUMTER, SC 29154
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














