    Mya Thomae | Illumina , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com










 










Mya Thomae «  World Alliance Forum in San Francisco


































































 















Mya Thomae



                            Vice President, Regulatory, Clinical and Medical Affair, Illumina Inc.                        



















Mya Thomae is Illumina’s Vice President of Regulatory, Clinical and Medical Affairs. Mya has more than twenty years of experience as a regulatory professional including founding and running Myraqa, a boutique regulatory affairs consulting firm purchased by Illumina in 2014. Mya has extensive experience in gaining regulatory approvals for novel IVDs in the United States and Europe. This work has included PMAs, 510(k)s and de novo 510(k)s in the United States for both kit and lab-based products. In the European Union, Mya has experience with working with Notified Bodies and Competent Authorities on List A, List B and self-certified products. Certified by the Regulatory Affairs Professional Society (RAPS) since 1994, Mya also received the FDA Commissioner’s Special Citation in 2009 as a member of the rRt-PCR Flu Panel Team for exceptional performance and dedication in addressing complex regulatory and scientific issues in the clearance of a CDC test to diagnose human influenza infection.







 










November 21, 2016 9:45 am - 10:45 am                                    


Regulatory Presentations & Panel Discussion



                                                The Golden Gate Club                                            
















VIEW PROFILE +


Damien Bates






VIEW PROFILE +


Mary Ellen Cosenza






VIEW PROFILE +


Mya Thomae






VIEW PROFILE +


Yoshiaki Tojo






VIEW PROFILE +


Michael Werner








Through presentations and a panel discussion, industry and legal experts examine regulatory frameworks and updates surrounding cell and gene therapy, diagnostics, and digital health, both in the US and Japan.






READ MORE

















































Diagnostics and the Evolution of the FDA: Mya Thomae, Myraqa | Mendelspod


























Skip to main content












 
 







Diagnostics and the Evolution of the FDA: Mya Thomae, Myraqa










 




Submitted by Theral Timpson on Mon, 12/10/2012 - 12:52 







play
pause
stop
mute
unmute
previous
next













Mya Thomae Show.mp3
 


Podcast Sponsor: Ingenuity -  iReport, the quickest way to get biological meaning from your expression data.  www.ingenuity.com/get iReport/
Guest:
Mya Thomae,  Founder and CEO, Myraqa Bio and Contact Info
 Listen (9:22) What's least understood about the regulation of diagnostics?
 Listen (2:22) How well is the FDA evolving from the old blockbuster drug model?
 Listen (6:58) Regulatory advice fo diagnostics developers
 Listen (9:32) How do you see the LDT issue playing out?
 Listen (5:12) Are diagnostics way undervalued?
 Listen (2:24) From music performance to regulatory affairs
Mya Thomae is an expert in the regulation of in vitro diagnostics.   On today's show, she shares with us the advice that she gives her clients seeking FDA approval for their diagnostic products.  Mya weighs in on the issue of LDTs: the FDA says it has the authority to regulate LDTs, but so far has issued no draft guidance.  This is creating an unfair playing field for those producing CoDx, which are regulated.   Has the FDA been waiting for the election to issue guidance?  Does Obama's reelection or the recent 'Spygate' and meningitis outbreak really affect the FDA?  Ms. Thomae travels often to Washington and offers her informed views.







 

















 





Click here for a complete guest list

 




   

   


New to Mendelspod?Register here to receive our newsletter.

Email *









Submit



 












Back to top
© 2017 de novo productions · Privacy · Terms· Underwriting · Contact







New to Mendelspod?
We advance life science research, connecting people and ideas.
Register here to receive our newsletter.


or skip signup

























Regulation Expert, Mya Thomae, Weighs In on FDA Letter to 23andMe       | Mendelspod


























Skip to main content












 
 







Regulation Expert, Mya Thomae, Weighs In on FDA Letter to 23andMe      










 




Submitted by Ayanna Monteverdi on Wed, 12/04/2013 - 12:59 







play
pause
stop
mute
unmute
previous
next













Mya Thomae Nov 2013.mp3
 


Guest:
Mya Thomae, Founder, CEO, Myraqa
Bio and Contact Info
 Listen (3:10) This letter more specific than in the past
 Listen (2:51) What did 23andMe file with the FDA in 2012?
 Listen (4:57) Are genetic tests medical devices?
 Listen (4:36) Going the regulatory route good for business and patients
 Listen (6:02) What about freedom of information?
 Listen (1:53) How are 23andMe results different from risk assessments using standard epidemiology?
 Listen (5:34) Does the letter signal a more assertive FDA?
 Listen (1:05) Why has 23andMe not stopped selling the product?
On Monday, November 25th, the FDA sent a letter to the direct-to-consumer genetic testing company, 23andMe.  The letter has received a bit more attention than the average FDA correspondence.  The letter was addressed to 23andMe CEO, Anne Wojcicki, and told her that the company’s Personal Genome Service was in violation of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.  The FDA requested that the company “immediately discontinue marketing” the test until it receives authorization.
Since the letter came out, there has been much discussion in the life science industry and with the public at large.  Some say the letter reveals an over reaching, paternalistic government agency trying to hold back the inevitable, while others see the opportunity for a turning point for a diagnostics industry.
Mya Thomae has been helping companies comply with FDA regulations for 20 years.  Mya is intimate with how the FDA works and laments that the diagnostics industry, as opposed to the regulated therapeutics industry, has been on a "race to the bottom."     She doesn't hesitate when asked whether the 23andMe test is a medical device.
"Genetic tests are certainly medical devices, and there's numerous examples of different types of genetic tests moving their way through FDA," she says.
The problem with 23andMe, Mya asserts, is that they "haven't done the hard core clinical trials to show that their algorithms do indeed work as they say."  And she finds it unfair that 23andMe can keep selling their tests while at the same time some companies are doing the trials, are working with the FDA, and are putting in the time and effort to develop quality tests.
Speaking of the 23andMe website, Mya points out hat the results are constantly changing based on the latest research paper that has just come out.
"Some folks have referred to it as results roulette," she says.
Should 23andMe be treated different from her clients who are pursuing regulation?
"I think 23andMe is different, but I think it's different in the way that makes it a research project as opposed to a product that should be giving clinical results to patients," she says.
What about our right to obtain our own genetic information?  And how are the 23andMe results different from checking your risk factor for heart disease against the Framingham studies at the NIH website?
Mya addresses these and other concerns which have risen in the media since the letter was published.  She also explains that regulation will be good for business as well as patients.
Is the letter any different from previous FDA letters, and does it signal a more assertive FDA when it comes to LDTs?  Mya says she's lost some bets already on when the FDA will regulate LDTs, but she does see a shift happening.   At the end of the interview she refers to some final guidance the FDA issued on RUO (research use only) kits the same day the letter to 23andMe was posted.  RUO kits and reagents are not allowed for use with diagnostic tests that are approved by the FDA.
We end with the question, why hasn't 23andMe stopped selling the product?
Editor's Note:  On Dec 5, 2013 23andMe discontinued selling any health related reports in compliance with the FDA's request.
Podcast brought to you by: See your company name here. -   Promote your organization by aligning it with today's latest trends.







 

















 





Click here for a complete guest list

 




   

   


New to Mendelspod?Register here to receive our newsletter.

Email *









Submit



 












Back to top
© 2017 de novo productions · Privacy · Terms· Underwriting · Contact







New to Mendelspod?
We advance life science research, connecting people and ideas.
Register here to receive our newsletter.


or skip signup











































Mya Thomae, Harjit Kullar | GenomeWeb


















Skip to main content



 







 





 









RSS Feeds
Twitter
LinkedIn
 





 







Log in




Join now


 






Business & PolicyBusiness News
Research Funding
Policy & Legislation
Regulatory News
Reimbursement

TechnologyMicroarrays & Multiplexing
PCR
Informatics
Sequencing
Mass Spec
Sample Prep
Gene Silencing/Gene Editing

ResearchGenetic Research
Gene Expression Research
Epigenetics Research
Proteomics & Protein Research
Cell Biology Research

DiagnosticsMolecular Diagnostics
Companion Diagnostics
Biomarker Discovery & Validation
Drug Discovery & Development
Clinical Sequencing
Clinical Proteomics

Disease AreasCancer
Infectious Disease
Cardiovascular Disease
Neurological & Psychological Disease
Metabolic Disease
Autoimmune Disease
Inherited Disease
Reproductive Health

Applied Markets
ResourcesWebinars
White Papers
The Scan
Career Blog
Job Listings
New Products
People in the News
Conferences & Events


Main menu 






Enter your keywords 





 





Home » Resources » People in the News » Mya Thomae, Harjit Kullar 

















Mya Thomae, Harjit Kullar

Jun 09, 2015

 



Transgenomic has elected Mya Thomae to its board of directors. She is currently vice president of regulatory affairs at Illumina. Before that, she served as CEO of Myraqa, a diagnostics regulatory consulting firm, which was acquired by Illumina in 2014. Transgenomic has also appointed Harjit Kullar vice president of marketing for biomarker discovery and genetic assays and platforms. He previously was content marketing leader for cross-functional global digital and web-based initiatives at Bio-Rad. Before that, he was director of product marketing, genomics, at Thermo Fisher Scientific.


 



More Like This









Jul 28, 2017


Cynthia Bens

Cynthia Bens will join the Personalized Medicine Coalition as vice president of public policy on August 21. Bens comes to PMC after more than a decade with the Alliance for Aging Research where she helped advocate for policies, including the 21st Century Cures Act, the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, and FDA’s Patient-Focused Drug Development initiative. Prior to that, she spent four years at the bipartisan government affairs firm the Loeffler Group and also worked as a staff assistant on Capitol Hill.


 











Jul 26, 2017


Rohit Khanna

Waters said in a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission this week that Rohit Khanna has resigned from his position as SVP, Applied Technology, effective July 21, 2017. Khanna will continue to serve as an SVP of the company and as a member of the firm's executive committee until his retirement on Dec. 31, 2017. 


 











Jul 26, 2017


Scott Howell

Tenet Diagnostics has appointed Scott Howell its CMO. He was most recently executive medical director at Heritage Provider Network. He also continues to practice at Kaiser Permanente Los Angeles Medical Center in the addiction medicine department. He was previously national senior medical director and chief medical officer Network and Population Health, Optim Insight, regional CMO Northeast region of Americhoice, and national medical director of managed care for AIDS Healthcare Foundation. 


 











Jul 26, 2017


Gene DeFelice, Alexandra Snyder

Adaptive Biotechnologies has appointed Gene DeFelice to senior vice president and general counsel and Alexandra Snyder to translational medicine lead for Adaptive Research.DeFelice has served as general counsel for several public healthcare and technology companies, including as primary counsel at Roche Diagnostics. He will join Adaptive's executive team to implement a legal infrastructure for clinical applications of next-generation sequencing technologies.Snyder has joined Adaptive from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Research Center where she specialized in tumor immunogenomics and response to checkpoint blockade immunotherapy.  


 











Jul 24, 2017


Kieran Murphy, Stephen Kanovsky

Kieran Murphy has resigned from the board of NeoGenomics following his appointment as president and CEO of GE Healthcare. NeoGenomics said in a document filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission that Murphy resigned due to the time demands of his new job, and added that it has appointed Stephen Kanovsky to fill Murphy's position on the board. He is general counsel of GE unit Global Innovation of GE Healthcare.


 











Jul 21, 2017


Thomas Loewald

Thomas Loewald, senior vice president and chief commercial officer at Thermo Fisher Scientific since early 2016, will resign from the company, effective September 1. He joined the firm's Explosives Detection business in 2002 and held various positions over the years, including senior vice president and president of Laboratory Products. Prior to that, he was vice president of sales and marketing for Tyco International.


 











Jul 20, 2017


Mark Stevenson

Mark Stevenson has been promoted to executive vice president and chief operation officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific, effective August 1. In his new role, he will oversee operations of the company's Laboratory Products and Analytical Instruments businesses, in addition to the Life Sciences Solutions business. Since 2014, when Thermo Fisher acquired Life Technologies, Stevenson has been executive vice president and president of Life Sciences Solutions. Prior to that, he was president and chief operating officer of Life Technologies, and before that, he was president and COO of Applied Biosystems.


 











Jul 19, 2017


Hans Bishop

Hans Bishop has been elected to Agilent's board of directors. Bishop is cofounder, president, and CEO of Juno Therapeutics, a Seattle-based biopharmaceutical company. He has also held a range of executive positions in the pharmaceutical industry, including as COO at Dendreon; president of Specialty Medicine at Bayer Healthcare; and global commercial head for Chiron.


 











Jul 19, 2017


Daniel Sikkema

Quanterix has appointed Daniel Sikkema as vice president of acclerator services for the company's new Simoa Accelerator Lab, a dedicated environment for biomarker research, custom assay development, and clinical sample testing. Sikkema will work to expand the reach of Quanterix's Accelerator Lab services in neurology, oncology, immuno-oncology, infectious disease, inflammatory diseases, and other therapeutic areas. He has previously worked at Frontage Lab, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Wyeth, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur, and GlaxoSmithKline.


 











Jul 17, 2017


Stephen Pereira

Stephen Pereira has been appointed to Immunovia's scientific advisory board. Pereira is a professor of hepatology and gastroenterology at University College London and is an honorary consultant in pancreaticobiliary medicine at UCL Hospitals and the Royal Free Hospital. 


 











Jul 17, 2017


Daniel MacArthur

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Daniel MacArthur as the first recipient of its Early Career Award. He is an assistant professor in the Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School and the co-director of the Medical and Population Genetics Program at the Broad Institute. The new award, which comes with $10,000 in prize money, recognizes contributions of genetics and genomics scientists in the first 10 years of their careers as independent investigators. MacArthur and his colleagues developed the Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) database and website and its successor, the Genome Aggregation Database (gnomAD). He also published many scientific articles on identifying genes associated with rare diseases, in particular muscular disorders.


 











Jul 13, 2017


Mary Thistle

Enterome has appointed Mary Thistle to its board of directors as a non-executive director. Thistle currently serves as chief operating officer at Dimension Therapeutics, and has also served as senior VP of Business Development at Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Dimension in 2015, Thistle held leadership positions at ViaCell. In addition to developing therapeutic products for rare and metabolic liver diseases, Enterome also develops diagnostics to support therapies in microbiome-related diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease and cancer.


 











Jul 12, 2017


Arthur Beaudet

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Arthur Beaudet the recipient of this year's Victor A. McKusick Leadership Award. The award recognizes individuals whose "professional achievements have fostered and enriched the development of human genetics as well as its assimilation into the broader context of science, medicine, and health." Beaudet, who will receive the award along with a $10,000 prize at the ASHG annual meeting in October, is the Henry and Emma Mayer Professor in the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics and the Department of Pediatrics at Baylor College of Medicine. He is a member of the National Academy of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences and has received several other awards for his work. Beaudet has published more than 350 articles in the scientific literature. 


 











Jul 12, 2017


Kári Stefánsson

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Kári Stefánsson the winner of this year's William Allan Award, a prize established in 1961 that recognizes a scientist for "substantial and far-reaching scientific contributions to human genetics." Stefánsson is the founder of Iceland's Decode Genetics, which has conducted a large-scale population genetics research project in Iceland. He has published more than 500 articles in the scientific literature and has received several awards for his work, including the European Society of Human Genetics Award in 2009.


 











Jul 07, 2017


Matthias Raquet

Oneservice, a Swiss company offering complete managed service solutions, consulting, and learning for the life science, diagnostics, and medical device industries, has appointed Matthias Raquet as CEO. Raquet joins Oneservice from Qiagen, where he has worked since 2001, most recently as vice president and head of global service solutions and global customer management. Prior to Qiagen he worked in various management roles at Amersham Pharmacia.


 






 















Breaking News 

  



New England Biolabs, TTP Partner to Provide MDx Development Services  








People in the News: Thomas Loewald, Gene DeFelice, Alexandra Snyder, and More  








In Brief This Week: PerkinElmer, BD, Eurofins Scientific, and More  








OneOme Inks Deal to Offer PGx Test in Canada  








Panel Sequencing Leads to Pathogenic Mutations in Autoinflammatory Cases  








Genetic Technologies Reports A$147K in Cash Receipts for Q4  




 
 





 







The Scan 







Concentration of Rare Disease 

Polygamy amplified a rare genetic disease in area near Arizona-Utah border, BBC Future reports.



 









Unexpected Findings 

Genetic ancestry testing led one woman to learn that her father and another baby boy had been switched at birth, the Washington Post reports.



 









Make it a Bit Fuzzy 

Simple de-identification methods can protect information in a database from attackers, a new study suggests.



 









This Week in Science 

In Science this week: approach to visualize chromatin structure in nuclei, and more.



 






 





 











 





 





 












Sponsorships 





 





 





 





 





 





 









 






About us
Advertise
Contact
Jobs
Subscribe







Privacy Policy.  Copyright © 2017 GenomeWeb LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 





 



















   Mya Thomae Illumina - Precision Medicine World Conference 2017 Silicon Valley         LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   Flickr   Youtube PMWC IntlAboutFormatAudiencePhotosVideosPressBlogConferencesPMWC 2017 DukePMWC 2018 Silicon ValleyPast ConferencesPast SpeakersContact UsRegistrationProgramSpeakersExhibitionAwardsLocation     Select Page     Speaker Profile  VP, Regulatory, Clinical and Medical Affairs, IlluminaMya ThomaeBiographyMya has extensive experience in gaining regulatory approvals for novel IVDs in the United States and Europe. This work has included PMAs, 510(k)s and de novo 510(k)s in the United States for both kit and lab-based products. In the European Union, Mya has experience with working with Notified Bodies and Competent Authorities on List A, List B and self-certified products. Certified by the Regulatory Affairs Professional Society (RAPS) since 1994, Mya also received the FDA Commissioner’s Special Citation in 2009 as a member of the rRt-PCR Flu Panel Team for exceptional performance and dedication in addressing complex regulatory and scientific issues in the clearance of a CDC test to diagnose human influenza infection.Session Abstract  Companion Diagnostics: Where is the Incentive?Session Synopsis: Firms that develop companion diagnostics face numerous challenges. Among them are attracting a pharma partner, FDA procedures and regulations, reimbursement and engaging labs to run their tests. This panel will discuss those challenges as well as the incentives for developing and selling companion diagnostics.See Session Themes ->See Program Schedule ->Trouble Registering   If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.   Fields marked with an * are required  Name *    Email *     Subject *  Trouble RegisteringGeneral Inquiry   Message * Please be as specific as possible.  Anti-Spam: What is 1+8? *      × Contact PMWC   If you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.   Fields marked with an * are required  Name *    Email *     Subject *  Sponsorship InquiryExhibition InquiryCompany Competition InquiryGeneral Inquiry   Message *   Anti-Spam: What is 6+2? *      ×  GET UPDATESSign up for occasional updates on upcoming conferences, news, and other information.Email Address:First Name:Last Name:Referred By:We respect your privacy and will never share your email with anyone. ×  GET UPDATESSign up for occasional updates on upcoming conferences, news, and other information.Email Address:First Name:Last Name:Referred By:We respect your privacy and will never share your email with anyone. × Stay Tuned For More Information ×                        










Mya Thomae - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mya Thomae
Board Member at Transgenomic, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mya Thomae? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mya Thomae's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mya Thomae's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mya Thomae's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mya Thomae through your network of contacts.
												








Mya Thomae's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Transgenomic, Inc.


Past
To view Mya Thomae's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Mya Thomae's Biography



Ms. Thomae has served as the Vice President, Regulatory Affairs at Illumina, Inc., a developer, manufacturer and marketer of life science tools and integrated systems for large-scale analysis of genetic variation and function, since July 2014. From January 2008 to July 2014, Ms. Thomae served as the founder and chief executive officer of Myraqa, Inc., a consulting firm focused on in vitro diagnostic and companion diagnostic products, which was acquired by Illumina, Inc. in July 2014. Prior to founding Myraqa, Inc., from January 1999 to December 2007, Ms. Thomae was an independent consultant at Mya Thomae Consulting, where she specialized in i ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Thomae has served as the Vice President, Regulatory Affairs at Illumina, Inc., a developer, manufacturer and marketer of life science tools and integrated systems for large-scale analysis of genetic variation and function, since July 2014. From January 2008 to July 2014, Ms. Thomae served as the founder and chief executive officer of Myraqa, Inc., a consulting firm focused on in vitro diagnostic and companion diagnostic products, which was acquired by Illumina, Inc. in July 2014. Prior to founding Myraqa, Inc., from January 1999 to December 2007, Ms. Thomae was an independent consultant at Mya Thomae Consulting, where she specialized in in vitro diagnostics. Ms. Thomae served as the Regulatory Affairs Manager of Chiron Corporation, a biotechnology firm, from 1996 to 1997, and from 1992 to 1995, worked in Regulatory Affairs in positions of increasing responsibility and eventually as the Regulatory Affairs Manager of Epitope, Inc. Ms. Thomae holds a Bachelor of Music, Cello Performance from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. The Board selected Ms. Thomae to serve as a director because of her extensive regulatory knowledge and experience, as well as her past management roles in biotechnology companies.
		
Source: Transgenomic, Inc. on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mya Thomae's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mya Thomae. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mya Thomae's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mya Thomae's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mya Thomae through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mya Thomae


















Mya Thomae's Connections (9)





Sign up now to view Mya Thomae's 9 connections »









Doit L. Koppler
Board Member, Transgenomic, Inc.









Leon Richards
Former Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, Transgenomic, Inc.









Samuel D. Riccitelli
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Miragen Therapeutics, Inc.









Paul Kinnon
Former President, Chief Executive Officer, Director and Interim Chief Financial Officer, Transgenomic, Inc.









John D. Thompson
Former Sr. VP Corporate Development, Life Technologies Corporation









Robert M. Patzig
Chairperson of the Board, Transgenomic, Inc.









Michael A. Luther
Board Member, Transgenomic, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













