

Peter B. Thompson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:05 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of TiVo Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Peter B. Thompson  Executive VP & COO, TiVo CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships48$2,281,195As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Peter B. Thompson, also known as Pete, Co-founded Bizible, Inc. and serves as its Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Thompson has been the Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President of TiVo Corporation since September 6, 2016. He manages a global organization of engineering, sales, marketing, operations and customer support teams defining the future of home entertainment through the development of television products that appeal to consumers, producers and carriers ... alike. He is also responsible for Ericsson’s portfolio of full-featured TV Platforms for managed networks including the Mediaroom, Multiscreen (MMP) and Content Management System (CMS) product lines. He has more than 20 years of experience in building new businesses and product categories across a range of industries and technologies. He served as a Senior Vice President of the Mediaroom Business Group at Ericsson Corporation from 2013 to 2015. He served as the Corporate Vice President of Ericsson's Mediaroom Division. He served as General Manager of Microsoft Surface. He was at T-Mobile as Executive Director of HotSpot and he served in several roles with increasing responsibility at HP. He served as Corporate Vice President of Microsoft TV Division since 2012. He served as Vice President of Product Partnering of Sonos, Inc. from 2015 to 2016 and also served as its Vice President of Strategic Partnerships. He joined Ericsson with the acquisition of Microsoft Mediaroom. He served as Vice President of Microsoft Mediaroom. Mr. Thompson has extensive market awareness, knowledge and experience. Since joining Microsoft in 2006, his successes included the development of a breakthrough in Natural User Interface with Microsoft Surface and leading the largest gaming and social network in the living room with Xbox LIVE. During his seven year tenure at Microsoft, he helped develop and scale a number of high-profile initiatives including the Microsoft Surface large form-factor computer and the Xbox LIVE global entertainment service. Before joining Microsoft, he developed new products and services at T-Mobile, Graviton, Hewlett-Packard, Motorola and Levi Strauss & Co. He has been a Director of The E. W. Scripps Company since May 2, 2017. He has been an Independent Director of Sigma Designs, Inc. since December 23, 2013. He has been a Director of SeaWell Networks Inc., since April 2013. Mr. Thompson earned a Bachelor's Degree in International Economics at UCLA and a Master's Degree in Management from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2 Circle Star WaySan Carlos, California 94070United StatesPhone: 408-562-8400Fax: 408-567-1800
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentIndependent DirectorSigma Designs, Inc.2013-PresentDirectorSeaWell Networks Inc.2017-PresentDirectorThe E. W. Scripps Company
Education
Bachelor's Degree University of California, Los AngelesMBA J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
The E. W. Scripps CompanySigma Designs, Inc.University of California, Los AngelesJ.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversitySeaWell Networks Inc.Bizible, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$152,936Total Annual Compensation$152,936
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$1,599,908All Other Compensation$1,269Unexercisable Options$56,497Total Number of Options$56,497
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$281,271Total Short Term Compensation$152,936Other Long Term Compensation$1,601,177Total Calculated Compensation$2,281,195




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationYogesh  Gupta CEO, President & DirectorProgress Software Corporation$66.3KPaul D. Arling Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerUniversal Electronics Inc.$794.4KPatrick M. Lavelle President, CEO & DirectorVOXX International Corporation$1.0MDan  Bodner President, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorVerint Systems Inc.$752.1KGian M. Fulgoni Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorcomScore, Inc.$375.1KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TiVo Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Pete Thompson Award Winning Drummer













Pet Health Products - Dog - Cat - Fish - Farm

 
































Give us a call: 800.359.8387





 





















 
 






















Close
Shopping Cart

0 Items  Subtotal: $0

Continue Shopping


Checkout »






























































Previous



Next




dog products


cat essentials


bird products


fish antibiotics





Featured Products

















Total Digest








Nature's Shield








Fish Flucon - Fluconazole








Hot Pick












Dental Defense








Fish Min - Minocycline Hydrochloride








Healthy Joints








Hot No Chew

















THOMAS LABS, COMMITTED TO YOUR PET’S HEALTH
Working with veterinarians and animal care specialists Thomas Labs creates unique formulas for pets, companion, and service animals. We source our ingredients from the best suppliers and provide cost effective solutions for both common and hard to treat animal health issues.

“We will not make any product that we would not feel 100% confident using to help our own pets.”

Pets are family, and we have lots of fur, feather and fin family members here at Thomas Labs. We are selfish in the idea that our mission is to help extend the longevity of the animals that share our lives so that we can have extra, quality time with our best friends.
We hope that our natural products will help bring a new awareness to pet owners of what can be accomplished with the use of smart and safe supplements and health specific therapies. Use Thomas Labs health and wellness products for your pets and animals, and trust that we care for your pet’s well-being as much as we care for our own pets and family.

Please contact us with any questions - or call 800-359-8387





Enter your email to get deals and information






































Law Office of Peter J ThompsonImmigration Law can be a maze. LET US BE YOUR GUIDE CALL PETER NOWWE NAVIGATE IMMIGRATION LAW SO YOU CAN SPEND MORE TIME WITH THOSE YOU LOVE.EXPERIENCE YOU CAN TRUSTA trusted, skilled and confident guide makes all the difference when navigating the complex  regulations that govern U.S. immigration codeATTORNEYS WHO LISTENThe first step towards success is understanding your goals. You can expect an honest assessment and a clear explanation at every step.COMMITMENT TO YOUR CASEThe Law Offices of Peter J Thompson is a full service
immigration law firm handling immigration matters both in and out of
court.IF YOU NEED creative, innovative and
aggressive REPRESENTATIONCONTACT PETERYOUR BIGGEST CONCERNS : MEET OUR EXPERIENCEYEARS INPRACTICE16+YEARS SPECIaLIZING IN IMMIGRATION7+CASES HANDLED1,000+CLIENT FOCUS1 at a timeOur Full-Service Immigration Law FirmIMMIGRATION COURTRepresenting a client in immigration proceedings requires both a full understanding of the law and the
skill of advocacy–knowing what to say and how to say it. Let us be your voice.AFFIRMATIVE APPLICATIONSImmigration law is demanding and is designed to weed out those applicants who submit incomplete forms or who are not familiar with the applicable law. Let us help you say what you mean - the first time. VISAS FOR WORK AND STUDYThe U.S. Government has created multiple types of visas for both professionals and students of all ages. Let us guide you through the various options available to you and help you avoid common pitfalls. SOME OF WHAT WE DORemoval defenseWe handle all aspects of your defense, including bond/release issues and
appeals. Asylum PetitionsWe work with experts around the country to prepare for your asylum interview or hearing. DACA, SIJS & DAPA.We pay attention to every detail in preparing your request for these important safe haven benefits.Adjustments of statusWe work with you to file strategic, timely applications to get to lawful permanent  resident and citizenship  status.VisasWe guide you through consular processing, for immigrant and non-immigrant visas.Temporary Protected StatusUnexpected opportunities arise when other countries are in crisis. We keep watch  to protect you.Employment-based immigration petitionsFinding the right person is half the battle, let us get  them to work on Day 1.Family-basedImmigrationpetitionsWe guide you through consular processing, for  immigrant and non-immigrant  visas.Immigration consequences of criminal convictionsWe are get you the right answer at the right time in this challenging practice.our firm also provides round-the-clockCRIMINAL DEFENSE SUPPORTIMMIGRATION CONSEQUENCESPeter Thompson serves as a trusted resource to
members of the Bar nationwide regarding the immigration consequences of
criminal convictions.   A long-standing
criminal and immigration removal defense attorney, he has mastered the nuances
of this practice and can assist you in complying with the mandates of Padilla
v. Kentucky.ADVICE YOU CAN RELY ONHaving evaluated thousands of these dire consequences and continuing to
working with them in real-time in immigration court, you can expect timely work
product that is tried and true. Be it a
detailed memo for your file and/or someone to reach on the telephone from the
courthouse, you can count on reliable advice.REMOVE THE GUESS-WORKDon’t have your strong efforts in criminal court go to waste in
immigration court. Don’t guess.  Contact
us today and get the answers you need.The former Director of the Defender Immigration Project (Def. Assoc. of Phila.), and current practicing member of the Bar with this specialty, Peter provides immigration consequences consultation services, provides direct representation of non-citizens in notable cases and continues to train and advise members of the bar and bench regarding the immigration consequences of criminal convictions. He is co-author of the Guide to Representing Non-Citizen Criminal Defendants in Pennsylvania (2007), and contributing author covering immigration consequences of criminal convictions in the forthcoming second edition of New Jersey Collateral Consequences, Berger, Todd, Lore, John C., & Thompson, Peter, LexisNexis Practice Guide (Matthew Bender, Rev. Ed.).CALL PETERPending criminal charges demand that you call on
a battle-tested advocate.   Peter
Thompson has more than 16 years of trial experience in our demanding criminal
justice system.   Peter has long protected individuals from the power of the State.  All cases require attention–misdemeanor to first degree felony–as any conviction can have a lasting effect on liberty and property.You have rights. Exercise them. Contact us today.Meet Peter      Tireless. Focused. Trusted and zealous advocate. Peter Thompson, Esq., aggressively and creatively handles pressing legal matters, as he has for over 16 years.  A trial attorney whose sole dedication is representing individuals, he is a recognized specialist is three distinct yet related areas: immigration, criminal law and trial advocacy.A dedicated representative of the people, he also trains other attorneys
and judges and future lawyers in these matters. 
Honors graduate of Temple Law Trial Advocacy program, Professor of Law,
Author, NITA faculty member.  Even simple
criminal and immigration matters are serious; work with someone with
answers. Contact Us TodayPETER J. THOMPSONAttorney at LawPersonal Attention for Important Legal MattersCONSULTATION POLICYA
consultation is often the first contact you will have with our Firm.  You will have an opportunity to meet with an
experienced lawyer to discuss all aspects of your case, outline a strategy to
achieve your goals, and explain the timeline, fees, and next steps we should
take. The initial
consultation is a one-time commitment for a flat fee.  The consultation is a safe, confidential
forum.  It is a unique opportunity for us
to listen, for you to openly discuss your concerns, and for us to make a plan
together to reach your goals.
 
We'll
answer your questions and at the end of our meeting you'll leave with an honest
appraisal of your case and the next steps that need to be taken.  If you wish to schedule a consultation,
please email peter@thompsonlawoffices.org to arrange a date and time to meet
with us.  Consultations can be in-person
or by telephone or Skype.DisclaimerThe information contained in this website is for general
information purposes only, and is not intended to provide legal advice. The
information is provided by the Law Offices of Peter J. Thompson, and while we
endeavor to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no
representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the
completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect
to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained
on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is
therefore strictly at your own risk.
 

In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage
including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss
or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in
connection with, the use of this website.
 
Through this website you are able to link to other websites
which are not under the control of the Law Offices of Peter J. Thompson. We
have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The
inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse
the views expressed within them.
 

Every effort is made to keep the website up and running
smoothly. However, the Law Offices of Peter J. Thompson takes no responsibility
for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due
to technical issues beyond our control.© 2015  PETER J THOMPSON







Pete's Pet Products _PROJECT OVERVIEW - Accounting homework help



































Skip to Main Content Area











 





Homework answers
Post homework
Login
Register
Teach online


Contact us
Help
 














Is that your homework?
Bulls eye!!!

Pay Now to instantly see the answer, or take this tour:
How to purchase an answer


Have another homework?
We can do it!

We have so many excellent teachers. One of them can help
Post your homework now


Need an answer to YOUR homework?
That's easy!

We have so many excellent teachers. One of them can help
Post your homework now




WHO IS ONLINE



 





 

 





STOP PLAGIARISM


Get a plagiarism check of an answer before you buy it. See more details here 




TOP TEACHERS

LATEST TRANSACTIONS

Down payment for For Bulrich$1.00 
risk assessment$3.00 
Down payment for Social Media Assignment..$1.00 


TOP PROFIT SHARE

UpDated$4616.11 
UOPOnlineTutor$316.46 
zext$80.50 


TOP EARNERS

kim woods$882187.824.646811957 times 
phyllis young$528876.264.55739361 times 
Rey writer$309643.014.68125279 times 
katetutor$196508.904.80432846 times 
nyanya$191267.004.89542820 times 


TOP RATED (at least ten times)

WAQAS1ACA$40462.995330 times 
WORDPOWER$2669.005319 times 
Zahl Hans$10035.005240 times 
Mahnoor Malik$6124.005220 times 
PROF GEGEE$12952.005214 times 
Math spoiltge...$2400.505136 times 
Bethuel Best$1252.505113 times 
MISS HASHMI$2208.505112 times 
Brick Kin$5171.005109 times 
Super Geek$8374.005107 times 


RISING STARS

Math Symbol$108.0058 times 
dr.kim schum$290.0057 times 
SmartGeeky Ka...$256.0056 times 
Dr shamille C...$42.0055 times 
Dr. Peter Wri...$2.0054 times 




















Show me how to post my homework
Just do my homework!
Question: *


HTML tags will be transformed to conform to HTML standards.Add rel="nofollow" to external links
What it's about: *
- Please choose -Accounting homework helpAlgebra homework helpApplied Sciences homework helpArchitecture and Design homework helpBiology homework helpBusiness management homework helpChemistry homework helpComputer Science homework helpEconomics homework helpEducation homework helpElectrical EngineeringElectronic  EngineeringEnglish homework helpEnvironmental science homework helpFinance homework helpFinancial markets homework helpGeography homework helpGeometry homework helpGovernment homework helpHistory homework helpHuman Resource Management homework helpInformation Systems homework helpLaw homework helpLiterature homework helpMarketing homework helpMath homework helpMechanical Engineering homework helpNumerical analysis homework helpNursing homework helpOperations Management homework helpPhysics homework helpPrecalculus homework helpPsychology homework helpReading homework helpScience homework helpSocial Science homework helpSpanish homework helpTelecommunications Engineering





 









 

Tutorial Submitted by accountguru on Mon, 2013-12-09 07:13due on Sat, 2016-12-31 00:32answered 1 time(s)accountguru is willing to pay $20.00accountguru bought 239 out of 633 answered question(s) 


More questions like thisWeek 9AAccounting Work with Narrative Responses...ACCOUNTING PROJECT with NARRATIVE RESPONSES...ACCOUNTING PROJECT with NARRATIVE RESPONSES...


Pete's Pet Products _PROJECT OVERVIEW







PROJECT OVERVIEW
 
Pete's Pet Products is a sole proprietorship owned by Pete Thompson. The store provides a full-line of pet products, including food, grooming materials, toys, leashes, etc. The company also sells hand­made pet houses, including dog houses, bird cages, and cat castles. Each of the pet houses is being evaluated in terms of cost-volume-profit. See the relevant information below:
 
 Dog houseBird cageCat castleSales Price$140$95$160Variable cost$65$34$56Fixed monthly cost30%25%45% 
When Pete uses a distributor to sell additional pet houses, he has to pay a sales commission of 8% of the sales price. On average, he sells 60% of each pet house through distributors. The fixed costs (shown above) are based on estimated design time for each product. Pete's store averages $32,000 of fixed costs per month.
 
Refer to the Course Schedule within the Syllabus for specific project deliverables and due dates.
 
 DELIVERABLE
Based on the information presented above, please answer the following questions. Use Excel for this assignment. Complete your calculations using the Excel features and simply type in narrative answers.
 
•    Calculate the contribution margin for each pet house. Ignore the sales commission for this computation. 
•    Calculate the monthly break-even units for each pet house. Ignore the sales commission for this computation.
 
.   Assuming that Pete plans to sell 750 dog houses, 335 bird cages, and 640 cat castles (60% through distributors), prepare a contribution margin income statement based on these sales volumes. Include sales, each type of variable cost (including sales commission), and fixed costs.
 
•    Assuming the distributors decide to ask for a 12% commission on each pet product, compute how much Pete will have to reduce his other costs to make up for this. Are there other counter proposals Pete could suggest?
 
.    Based on fierce competition from a rival store named Fran's Fuzzy Friends, Pete has decided to decrease his selling price for a dog house by 10%. He has also decided to pay a local celebrity $2,000 a month to promote his store. This cost will be allocated only to the dog houses. Recalculate the dog house break-even point given this new information. Ignore sales commission for this computation.
 
 Pete was recently asked to submit a bid for a new customer who is interested in purchasing 450 dog houses, 250 bird cages, and 550 cat castles to stock his newly opened store in another state. What factors would impact Pete's bid to the new customer? What happens if a competitor's bid comes in lower than what Pete can offer? Would you recommend Pete drop the selling price rather than lose the opportunity? Why or why not? Explain how much he can afford to drop the price.





Answer Submitted by accountguru on Mon, 2013-12-09 07:17teacher rated 513 times 4.76998purchased 2 timesprice: $25.86 
Pete's Pet Products _PROJECT OVERVIEW

body preview (5 words)xxxxxx Pet Products xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxfile1.xlsx preview (525 words)xxxxxx
 Dog housexxxxx cage Cat xxxxxx
 Sales Price $140xxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxx 30% 25%x45%
 •    xxxxxxxxx xxx contribution margin for xxxx xxx xxxxxx Ignore the xxxxx xxxxxxxxxx xxx xxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
 Dog xxxxx Bird xxxxxCat castle
xxxxxx xxxxxx$140xxxx xxxx
 Variable costxxxx $34 xxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx$75xxxx $104
 •    xxxxxxxxx xxx monthly break-even units for each xxx house. Ignore xxx xxxxx commission for this computation.
 Dog xxxxx Bird cage xxx castle
xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx$75xxxxx$104
 Fixed cost  xxxxxx $8,000x$14,400
xBreakeven Point - in xxxxxxxxx 131 138
 x   xxxxxxxx that Pete plans to sell 750 dog houses, 335 xxxx cages, xxx 640 xxx castles xxxx xxxxxxx distributors), prepare x xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxxxx based xx xxxxx sales volumes. Include sales, each xxxx of variable xxxx (including xxxxx commission), xxx xxxxx costs.
 xxxxxx Statement
xxxx xxxxxxxxxx cagexxxx xxxxxx xxxxx
xNo. of xxxxx x expected to be xxxx 750 335 xxxxxxxxxx
 xxxx xxxxx xxx Unitxxxxx $95 xxxx
xxxxxx xxxxx xx xxxxxxxx$105,000xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxx$4,915 $11,483
 xxx Sales $99,960xxxxxxxx $97,485 $227,742
 xxxxxxxx xxxx
      Per xxxxxxxxxxxxx$56
 xxxxx xxxxxxxx xxxx $48,750x$11,390 xxxxxxx $95,980
xContribution Margin xxxxxxxx$18,907 $61,645x$131,762
 Less: xxxxx Costs xxxxxxx$8,000x$14,400 $32,000
xxxx Incomexxxxxxxxx$10,907 xxxxxxxx$99,762
x•    xxxxxxxx xxx xxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx to ask xxx x xxx
- - -
 more text follows 
- - -
Buy this answer






Try it before you buy itCheck plagiarism for $2.00










 

Accounting homework help
 
























Copyright © 2015 HomeworkMarket.com. All rights reserved. HomeworkMarket.com does not claim copyright on questions and answers posted on the site.
Uploading copyrighted material is not allowed. Refer to our DMCA policy for more information.
HomeworkMarket.com takes full responsibility for intangible goods purchased on our site up to the paid amount 






















Product Creation Expert | Lead Generation | Peter Thomson

























Home |
                        Products |
                        Team |
                        100 + |
                        Biography |
                        Clients Say |
                        Contact Us








JW Player goes here

















                            FREE Time Management Report
                             
                            7 Big Problems - How to avoid them
"Mistake #6 is costing most business
                            owners at least 25,000 every year -
                            how much might it be costing you?"
                        
It's Yours FREE!




*
*





I hate spam and will never rent or sell your details to anyone 



" If You Don't Have Your Own Information Product to 
                    Reinforce Your Message You Could Be SacrificingAt Least 50,000 Every Single Year! "










Attention: Professional Coaches, Consultant, Speakers, Trainers and Small-Business Owners. 

Saturday July 29
Dear Fellow Helping Professional

Over the last 20 years helping coaches consultants speakers and trainers to increase their credibility, reach and profits they've told me that the 3 key challenges before our interaction were:

 Lack of clients - especially qualified clients
 Lack of money - sustainable regular income
Lack of time - to spend with family and serious enjoyment!


If you've suffered with these…

Then the products and services on this website could be just what you've been searching for.
Let's start:

By me giving you valuable information free of charge. Simply pop your details in the boxes at the top right-hand side and I'll give you immediate access to your free report: "The 7 Time Management Problems - How to Avoid Them and Squeeze More Out Of Every Single Day!"
If your focus is to…

Share more of your authentic message with more people than you could ever hope to reach on a one-to-one basis and - be rightfully and justly rewarded for the positive difference you make - then you're in the right place.

I look forward to our conversations and interactions over the years to come

Every success


Peter Thomson
"The U.K.'s Most Prolific Information Product Creator!"

PS: Simply pop your details in the boxes on the top right hand side and I'll give you immediate access to your "time-management" free report. I look forward to hearing from you and helping you on your journey of success.






Contact Details:

                Peter Thomson International plc,
                P O Box 4444,
                Leamington Spa,
                Warwickshire,
                United Kingdom,
                CV32 6JW
                

Tel: +44 (0) 1926 339901
Fax: +44 (0) 1926 339139


Web: http://www.peterthomson.com
Email: help@peterthomson.com




            © Copyright Peter Thomson 2017
       



 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Peter R. Thompson | Strasburger & Price







































































Menu



Menu





Menu



















SERVICE AREAS
Commercial Litigation 
Environmental
EDUCATION

SMU Dedman School of Law, J.D., 2015, cum laude


SMU Law Review Association, Comment and Casenote Editor


The University of Texas, B.A., 2001

BAR ADMISSIONS

Texas

SUPPORT STAFF
Carol Davis
	Legal Administrative Assistant
	T: 214.651.4595
	E: carol.davis@strasburger.com



Peter R. Thompson
Associate
901 Main Street, Suite 4400
Dallas, Texas 75202
	T: 214.651.2033	
	F: 214.659.4042
	E: pete.thompson@strasburger.com



	

        




Profile
Organizations
Presentations
Publications
Media
Honors
View All



Pete Thompson represents clients in civil ligation matters, compliance counseling, and government enforcement defense. Pete provides counseling in a variety of environmental law areas including RCRA and Clean Air Act (CAA) compliance, EPA proposed rule-making, TCEQ self- auditing, and defense support in EPA enforcement cases.
In addition, Pete has managed a large-scale Freedom of Information Act request to the EPA and advises governmental clients, including school districts, on how to respond to information requests under the Texas Public Information Act (TPIA). Pete has also defended pharmaceutical and product manufacturers in product liability suits.
Pete maintains an active pro bono practice. He regularly advises clients who have faced political and religious persecution in their home countries on seeking affirmative asylum in the US.
EXPERIENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL

Managed internal investigation, document review, and database of historical information in response to Clean Air Act (CAA) Section 104 requests.
Supported defense of U.S. EPA and DOJ CAA enforcement case resulting in significant reduction to initial penalty demands.
Support system-wide compliance auditing to identify and correct issues related to hazardous waste and non-compliance under RCRA for state-wide medical/pharmaceutical provider.
Provide rule-making analysis on EPA ’s proposed Pharmaceutical Waste Rule.
Identify responsible third parties in the remediation of leaking underground storage tanks (USTs) and negotiate and document agreement to transfer liability to responsible parties.
Provide compliance audit and counseling on Public Water Supply obligations for operators of water wells serving chain of commercial food and retail establishments.
Manage, review and analysis of multi-state document request to EPA under FOIA related to UIC permitting and aquifer exemption applications and provided counseling for permit amendments and exemption strategies.

GOVERNMENTAL

Represent and counsel governmental clients on a variety of compliance matters, including the Freedom of Information Act, the Texas Public Information Act, and the Texas Open Meetings Act

IMMIGRATION – PRO BONO

Represent asylum seekers who were tortured in their home countries on account of their political opinion and membership in a particular social group.

















Recipient of Strasburger’s Bob Thomas Community Service Award (2017)





Pete Thompson represents clients in civil ligation matters, compliance counseling, and government enforcement defense. Pete provides counseling in a variety of environmental law areas including RCRA and Clean Air Act (CAA) compliance, EPA proposed rule-making, TCEQ self- auditing, and defense support in EPA enforcement cases.
In addition, Pete has managed a large-scale Freedom of Information Act request to the EPA and advises governmental clients, including school districts, on how to respond to information requests under the Texas Public Information Act (TPIA). Pete has also defended pharmaceutical and product manufacturers in product liability suits.
Pete maintains an active pro bono practice. He regularly advises clients who have faced political and religious persecution in their home countries on seeking affirmative asylum in the US.
EXPERIENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL

Managed internal investigation, document review, and database of historical information in response to Clean Air Act (CAA) Section 104 requests.
Supported defense of U.S. EPA and DOJ CAA enforcement case resulting in significant reduction to initial penalty demands.
Support system-wide compliance auditing to identify and correct issues related to hazardous waste and non-compliance under RCRA for state-wide medical/pharmaceutical provider.
Provide rule-making analysis on EPA ’s proposed Pharmaceutical Waste Rule.
Identify responsible third parties in the remediation of leaking underground storage tanks (USTs) and negotiate and document agreement to transfer liability to responsible parties.
Provide compliance audit and counseling on Public Water Supply obligations for operators of water wells serving chain of commercial food and retail establishments.
Manage, review and analysis of multi-state document request to EPA under FOIA related to UIC permitting and aquifer exemption applications and provided counseling for permit amendments and exemption strategies.

GOVERNMENTAL

Represent and counsel governmental clients on a variety of compliance matters, including the Freedom of Information Act, the Texas Public Information Act, and the Texas Open Meetings Act

IMMIGRATION – PRO BONO

Represent asylum seekers who were tortured in their home countries on account of their political opinion and membership in a particular social group.

HONORS

Recipient of Strasburger’s Bob Thomas Community Service Award (2017)










Peter R. Thompson
Associate
901 Main Street, Suite 4400
Dallas, Texas 75202
	T: 214.651.2033	
	F: 214.659.4042
	E: pete.thompson@strasburger.com






SERVICE AREAS
Commercial Litigation 
Environmental
EDUCATION

SMU Dedman School of Law, J.D., 2015, cum laude


SMU Law Review Association, Comment and Casenote Editor


The University of Texas, B.A., 2001

BAR ADMISSIONS

Texas

SUPPORT STAFF
Carol Davis
	Legal Administrative Assistant
	T: 214.651.4595
	E: carol.davis@strasburger.com


Pete Thompson represents clients in civil ligation matters, compliance counseling, and government enforcement defense. Pete provides counseling in a variety of environmental law areas including RCRA and Clean Air Act (CAA) compliance, EPA proposed rule-making, TCEQ self- auditing, and defense support in EPA enforcement cases.
In addition, Pete has managed a large-scale Freedom of Information Act request to the EPA and advises governmental clients, including school districts, on how to respond to information requests under the Texas Public Information Act (TPIA). Pete has also defended pharmaceutical and product manufacturers in product liability suits.
Pete maintains an active pro bono practice. He regularly advises clients who have faced political and religious persecution in their home countries on seeking affirmative asylum in the US.
EXPERIENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL

Managed internal investigation, document review, and database of historical information in response to Clean Air Act (CAA) Section 104 requests.
Supported defense of U.S. EPA and DOJ CAA enforcement case resulting in significant reduction to initial penalty demands.
Support system-wide compliance auditing to identify and correct issues related to hazardous waste and non-compliance under RCRA for state-wide medical/pharmaceutical provider.
Provide rule-making analysis on EPA ’s proposed Pharmaceutical Waste Rule.
Identify responsible third parties in the remediation of leaking underground storage tanks (USTs) and negotiate and document agreement to transfer liability to responsible parties.
Provide compliance audit and counseling on Public Water Supply obligations for operators of water wells serving chain of commercial food and retail establishments.
Manage, review and analysis of multi-state document request to EPA under FOIA related to UIC permitting and aquifer exemption applications and provided counseling for permit amendments and exemption strategies.

GOVERNMENTAL

Represent and counsel governmental clients on a variety of compliance matters, including the Freedom of Information Act, the Texas Public Information Act, and the Texas Open Meetings Act

IMMIGRATION – PRO BONO

Represent asylum seekers who were tortured in their home countries on account of their political opinion and membership in a particular social group.

HONORS

Recipient of Strasburger’s Bob Thomas Community Service Award (2017)

















S&P Login | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
© 2017 Strasburger & Price, LLP





 


















 




Pete | Chegg.com














































                            Textbook Solutions
                            




                            Expert Q&A
                            












Home



 


home / study / business / accounting / accounting questions and answers /  Pete



Question: Pete









Pete





Best answer



100% (1 rating)
		











Get this answer with Chegg Study
View this answer



OR

Find your book


Find your book









                        Practice with similar questions
                    






Q: Pete
A: See answer

 




Q: 

Pete
A: See answer









Q: Pete
A: See answer

 




Q: Pete
A: See answer

 




Q: Pete
A: See answer

 




Q: Pete
A: See answer



Show more questions [+]











Need an extra hand? Browse hundreds of Accounting tutors.




























