

Thompson, John Wendell (1949–   ) | The Black Past: Remembered and Reclaimed
























An Online Reference Guide to African American History





Home
Main FeaturesAAH Index Page
AAW Index Page
GAH Index Page
Perspective Articles
Black History Month
BlackPast.org: The United States
BlackPast.org and the World
Digital Archives
Genealogy
Black National Anthem
Barack Obama Page
101 African American Firsts
Major Black Office Holders
LGBTQ Page
User's Guide 
Site Map


Special FeaturesBlacks and the LDS Church
The Mentoring Page
Preserving King County’s African American History
African American Ambassadors
Speakers Bureau
African and West Indian Capital Cities
Dever Memorial Page on Afro-Britons
Historic African American Churches
African American Ambassadors
BlackPast Blog Roll
Robert Fike's Corner
BlackPast.org in the Classroom
BlackPast.org By the Numbers
Af. Am. Historical Landmarks
Civil War Memorial Page
Historically Black Colleges and Universities
Link Exchange


What's New?
About UsAwards and Distinctions
Mission Statement
F.A.Q.
BlackPast Video
Board of Directors
Academic Advisory Board
International Advisory Board
Teacher Advisory Board
Volunteer Content Contributors
Volunteer Staff
Fact Sheet
Support Team
History
Funders
News About BlackPast.org
BlackPast.org on Wikipedia
Testimonials


How You Can HelpDonate Now
Donor Honor Roll
Write for BlackPast
Organize a Fundraiser
Support BlackPast/Shop Amazon.com


Contact


















 


























NOTE: BlackPast.org will not disclose, use, give or sell any of the requested information to third parties.


Email Address: *



First Name: *



Last Name: *







Math Question: *
7 + 4 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.






















  









Home › African American History in the West
Thompson, John Wendell (1949–   )












Back to Online Encyclopedia Index






"Image Ownership: Public Domain"


Born April 24, 1949, to working-class parents in Fort Dix, New Jersey, John Wendell Thompson climbed the high-tech world’s business ranks from entry level sales to executive positions at International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and Symantec Corporation for a combined forty years. In 2014 however he became only the second chairman of the board at Microsoft Corporation, replacing the corporation’s co-founder, William Henry “Bill” Gates III. Thompson’s rise was even more remarkable, given that only a handful of tech industry CEOs are African American and only 1.5 percent of high-tech employees are African American.


Raised by his postal-worker father John H. Thompson, an Army veteran, and mother Eunice Thompson, a teacher, John was introduced to the business world at age ten, cutting lawns and helping his father collect rents on family-owned apartments in West Palm Beach, Florida. Attending John F. Kennedy High School in Riviera Beach, Florida, he became a talented clarinet and saxophone player and earned a scholarship in 1967 to play in the band at Lincoln University in Jefferson City, Missouri, a historically black college and university (HBCU).  


His commitments to playing in the marching band, the woodwind ensemble, and the concert orchestra, however, conflicted with his passion for business. Learning later that his scholarship was conditional on majoring in music, Thompson transferred in 1968 to Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University (FAMU), an HBCU in Tallahassee, Florida. Ironically, at FAMU, internationally known for its trendsetting marching band, he abandoned his interest in music and majored in business administration.  He also married at nineteen and became a father. 


After Thompson graduated with a bachelor of arts degree in 1971, he joined IBM as a sales representative, planning to work a couple of years before heading to law school, when he and his wife had a second child. Instead he remained at IBM for the next twenty-six years. Between 1975 and 1997, he took a series of management positions that included branch office manager, assistant to regional manager, regional marketing director, assistant to the CEO and the chairman, director of IBM’s Midwest operations, general manager of personal software products, and general manager of IBM Americas. During those years, he also earned a master’s of science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Sloan School of Management in 1983, and divorced. In 1998 he married his second wife Sandi, an attorney. They have two grown children from his first marriage, a son and a daughter. 


In 1999 just two years shy of a thirty-year retirement, Thompson left IBM to join Symantec Corporation, a floundering security software firm. As chairman, president, and CEO, Thompson transformed the company into a multibillion-dollar world leader in Internet security products, including its popular Norton computer security software packages. Thompson retired in 2009 but remained on the board. That year, he was also awarded the “David Packard Medal of Achievement” from Tech America Foundation for his contributions to the high-tech industry.


After retirement from Symantec, the sixty-year-old executive joined the board of directors of Virtual Instruments in 2009 but stepped in as CEO in 2010. He resigned from Virtual Instruments in 2011. One year later, he was presented the “Spirit of Silicon Valley Lifetime Achievement” award by the Silicon Valley Leadership Group. Thompson joined the Microsoft board of directors in 2012, two years prior to being tapped as chairman of the board. In 2015 Black Entertainment Television (BET) presented Thompson the “Technology and Business Award,” spotlighting his outstanding achievements.

Sources:Lean’tin Bracks, African-American Almanac: 400 Years of Triumph, Courage
and Excellence (Canton: Visible Ink Press, 2011); Alan Hughes, “The 
Best CEO in Silicon Valley,” Black Enterprise magazine (September 2004);
http://www.bet.com/news/national/2014/02/05/thompson-becomes-first-black-chairman-of-microsoft-s-board.html;
http://fortune.com/2014/02/07/who-is-john-thompson/.

Contributor:

Smither, William

Independent Historian

Entry Categories: 


Education - Colleges & Universities
20th Century
Attorneys
Business
Florida
Massachusetts
Men
Missouri
Musicians
New Jersey
People














Copyright 2007-2017 - BlackPast.org v2.0 | blackpast@blackpast.org | Your donations help us to grow. | We welcome your suggestions. | Mission Statement
BlackPast.org is an independent non-profit corporation 501(c)(3). It has no affiliation with the University of Washington. BlackPast.org is supported in part by a grant from Humanities Washington, a state-wide non-profit organization supported by the National Endowment for the Humanities, the state of Washington, and contributions from individuals and foundations.






African American History in the American West | The Black Past: Remembered and Reclaimed
























An Online Reference Guide to African American History





Home
Main FeaturesAAH Index Page
AAW Index Page
GAH Index Page
Perspective Articles
Black History Month
BlackPast.org: The United States
BlackPast.org and the World
Digital Archives
Genealogy
Black National Anthem
Barack Obama Page
101 African American Firsts
Major Black Office Holders
LGBTQ Page
User's Guide 
Site Map


Special FeaturesBlacks and the LDS Church
The Mentoring Page
Preserving King County’s African American History
African American Ambassadors
Speakers Bureau
African and West Indian Capital Cities
Dever Memorial Page on Afro-Britons
Historic African American Churches
African American Ambassadors
BlackPast Blog Roll
Robert Fike's Corner
BlackPast.org in the Classroom
BlackPast.org By the Numbers
Af. Am. Historical Landmarks
Civil War Memorial Page
Historically Black Colleges and Universities
Link Exchange


What's New?
About UsAwards and Distinctions
Mission Statement
F.A.Q.
BlackPast Video
Board of Directors
Academic Advisory Board
International Advisory Board
Teacher Advisory Board
Volunteer Content Contributors
Volunteer Staff
Fact Sheet
Support Team
History
Funders
News About BlackPast.org
BlackPast.org on Wikipedia
Testimonials


How You Can HelpDonate Now
Donor Honor Roll
Write for BlackPast
Organize a Fundraiser
Support BlackPast/Shop Amazon.com


Contact


















 


























NOTE: BlackPast.org will not disclose, use, give or sell any of the requested information to third parties.


Email Address: *



First Name: *



Last Name: *







Math Question: *
1 + 0 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.






















  









Home › Main Features
African American History in the American West













African American history in the West extends over five centuries in a land mass that comprises approximately sixty percent of the United States. This site is a gateway to the vast and growing array of information on the Web and in other sources on the lives and histories of the millions of African Americans who have and continue to make the West their home.


Browse Our Online Encyclopedia:


View All Entries
View Entries About People
View Entries About Places
View Entries About Institutions
View Entries About Churches
View Entries About Events
View Entries About Groups and Organizations


Browse Our BlackPast Contributors:


View Our Contributors 


Related Resources:


African American Museums in the West
Bibliography
Major Speeches
Multimedia
Newspapers, Magazines and Journals
Primary Documents

Research Guides and Websites
Timelines 


General Resources:


Historically Black Colleges and Universities


 

















Copyright 2007-2017 - BlackPast.org v2.0 | blackpast@blackpast.org | Your donations help us to grow. | We welcome your suggestions. | Mission Statement
BlackPast.org is an independent non-profit corporation 501(c)(3). It has no affiliation with the University of Washington. BlackPast.org is supported in part by a grant from Humanities Washington, a state-wide non-profit organization supported by the National Endowment for the Humanities, the state of Washington, and contributions from individuals and foundations.








Profile: Symantec CEO John Thompson















































SearchSecurity







Search the TechTarget Network
















Profile: Symantec CEO John Thompson 


  











					byAnne Saita

TechTarget










Symantec's CEO breaks business and cultural barriers in his drive to build a security superpower. 





This Article Covers							
							Security mergers and acquisitions



RELATED TOPICS

Government security
Incident response
Security laws and ethics
Security policies
Security automation
Security industry trends





Looking for something else?


How can CISOs get past security vendor hype and make smart purchases?

Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs?

RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger






+ Show More














Share this item with your network:





























			Related Content


John Thompson to step down as Symantec CEO
– SearchSecurity


Symantec CEO John Thompson to retire
– SearchITChannel


Symantec CEO: Nothing’s for sale
– SearchStorage






Sponsored News


Discovering the Business Value of Streaming Analytics
–SAS Institute Inc.


Three Use Cases for Interactive Data Discovery and Predictive Analytics
–SAS Institute Inc.

See More

Vendor Resources


CW Special report on Symantec
–ComputerWeekly.com



Get the Message: Why Secure Texting in Healthcare Matters
–SearchHealthIT.com









This article can also be found in the Premium Editorial Download:

			Information Security magazine: Trustworthy yet? An inside look at what's changed after a year of Microsoft Trustworthy Computing: 



Download





























On the eve of John W. Thompson's arrival at Symantec in April 1999, the Rev. Jesse Jackson came to Silicon Valley to complain about the dearth of minority leaders in IT. No one was more dismayed at the timing than the Northern California company's new chief executive.








Granted, Thompson also encouraged fellow African-Americans to consider IT careers. But, as he correctly predicted, the news media seized on the coincidence.
"John very much wanted to be accepted into this new position as the best choice, which he absolutely was. But because of Jesse Jackson being there, half the stories focused on the racial aspect of the appointment," recalls R.S. "Steve" Miller, CEO of Bethlehem Steel and the Symantec board member who recruited Thompson.
Thompson still generates a lot of press, but these days it's because of the direction he's steering his company--one that defies conventional wisdom and, for the moment, appears to be working.


Full Name: John Wendell Thompson Age: 53 Education: B.A., business administration, Florida A&M University; M.S., management science, MIT's Sloan School of Management Personal: Married five years to Sandi, a lawyer; two grown children from a previous marriage First paid job: Cutting neighborhood lawns at age 10 Best part of current job: "The opportunity to lead a team that's passionate about what they're doing and where they're going." Favorite book: Doesn't have one, but enjoys Tom Clancy novels Words to live by: "Enjoy what you're doing because if you don't, it makes for a miserable existence."


Since taking the helm from founder Gordon Eubanks, Thompson has turned Symantec from a $632 million consumer software company to a $1.2 billion enterprise security market leader. Almost every Fortune 500 firm and four-fifths of the Global 500 use Symantec products, according to the company.
Through numerous acquisitions, Symantec has doubled its workforce to 4,200 since 1999. It has one of the lowest employee attrition rates in the country, says Thompson, and "probably the highest morale in our history."
But Symantec's horizon is not without clouds. Numerous industry observers have criticized Thompson for overpaying for acquired companies and technologies. Others question his strategy for long-term growth.
But such criticism only bolsters Thompson's resolve. At this stage in his life, he could comfortably retire after three decades with IBM, taking his three hunting dogs out more often or perfecting one of his many gourmet dishes. Instead, he spends most of his waking hours attempting to turn Symantec into a security industry superpower.

Who Is This Guy?!
"I'm certainly more than happy with the path I've chosen," Thompson says from his hillside estate in Woodside, Calif. His Porsche and BMW are parked in the garage. He wears Ermenegildo Zegna suits. At board meetings, he personally selects the right wine to go with meals. He supports Democratic causes and candidates, like presidential contender Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts, but insists he wants no part of professional politics himself.
This is a sensitive area for Thompson. People have written that he might have political designs, based on his cozy relationships with certain politicos and recent appointment to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee by President Bush. "Let me be clear: I have no aspirations for politics. None whatsoever," he says, the words carefully wrapped in a polite but dismissive tone.
Some also speculate that last year's appointment of John Schwarz as president and COO signaled that Thompson may be ready to move on from his position as CEO and chairman of the board, but that hasn't proved true. Not yet, at least.
"He's very dedicated to staying here, and I hope he finishes out his career with Symantec," Miller says. "But I bet his phone's ringing with offers every week."


Early Challenges
Thompson grew up the son of a postal worker and schoolteacher in West Palm Beach, Fla., middle class but mindful of the segregation that permeated southern states in his youth.

"My mom and dad believed very much in the concepts of working hard for what you want and making sure you're properly prepared for what your pursuits are," he recalls. "We were a loving bunch, but a very competitive bunch. My sister was a smart lady and always pushed the envelope on grades."
Grades weren't the same priority to young Thompson, though, and college didn't come easy, especially after he married at 19 and soon became a father. But professors took an interest in him, including one who convinced him to work for IBM after graduation. Thompson proved to be a quick study.
By the early 1970s, he'd trimmed what he's called his "eight-pound Afro," shaved his mustache, dumped the leisure suit--and started to seal impressive deals as an IBM salesman in Tampa. The company saw Thompson's potential, and by 1993 he was general manager of IBM Americas, a $37 billion unit with 30,000 employees. People wondered if Thompson might someday replace former CEO Louis Gerstner.
In the late 1990s, Symantec was showing signs of trouble. By accident or design, Eubanks, who founded the company in 1982 as a security software vendor and took it public in 1989, had wandered into a number of unrelated software businesses. The scattershot buys had left Symantec bloated, its business strategy blurred.
Change was needed. Even Eubanks knew it.
Board member Miller had met Thompson during a business trip and been impressed with his reputation for taking calculated risks that paid off. He made sound decisions and stuck by them. He was ambitious, but affable. He was well connected, with incredible persuasive powers. People seemed to like, or at least respect, the guy. And he was from the outside.
"Clearly, he was the best-qualified person," Miller says. But Symantec was a hard sell. Thompson had just remarried and loved living in Westport, Conn. Leaving the only company he'd ever worked for might look like disloyalty; leaving it to run a much smaller firm might be seen as a step down.
Symantec, though, offered something IBM wouldn't: A chance to truly lead, to be the boss. And Eubanks was supportive, which made for a smoother transition.
Thompson says he wanted to put into play all the skills he'd acquired at IBM. "It's one thing to be a part of a great team, recognized as doing well in the industry. It's another to be a leader of the team trying to create an image for the company and its product," he explains. He yearned for the latter.


One-Stop Shop
Symantec's revitalization came at a cost.
First, Thompson ordered the company to return to its roots: security. That meant selling off or shutting down unrelated software businesses, such as the Act personal management tool and Visual Café, a software development platform. Having already gained a strong foothold in the consumer AV market with its Norton product line, the company decided to go after the more lucrative but cutthroat enterprise space. Those who weren't up to the challenge were shown the door.
Half of the company's original 2,300 employees were replaced--including almost all of top management. The turnover hinted at the initial, internal turmoil under Thompson's leadership. Not everyone shared the company's new vision, nor its CEO's new, more corporate approach. "It was traumatic for the organization," Miller remembers. "His predecessor had been with it since its inception, and in comes this guy wanting to change a cozy entrepreneurial environment into a billion-dollar corporation."
In addition to the turnover, another 1,900 joined Symantec's ranks through 10 acquisitions that cost the company $1.38 billion. The biggest buy was a $975 million stock deal for firewall and IDS manufacturer Axent Technologies in 2000, a considerable chunk of change even in those heady days. The purchase is still questioned by industry experts who point to the low profile of Axent's technologies in Symantec's product portfolio.
Most recently, Symantec last summer spent $375 million for security management software maker Mountain Wave; IDS vendor Recourse Technologies; managed security service provider Riptech; and SecurityFocus, best known for its security alerts and popular BugTraq mailing list.
Critics also questioned the acquisition price of these firms, which in one case approached 15 times annual revenue.
Even more daring than the price tags for some of these sprees has been Symantec's new business model. The company is gambling on becoming an all-in-one security source. That may explain, some say, why Symantec picks up products that aren't always considered best of breed.
Aside from a philosophical departure is a practical one. In addition to convincing customers that an integrated system of enterprise security technologies is superior to picking the best solution for each need, Symantec must rely less on resellers and more on direct sales, which hasn't been the company's strong suit.
There are numerous other software firms--Network Associates and Secure Computing come to mind--that failed to capitalize on the "security suite" approach. But Thompson believes Symantec can do better by building on brand loyalty.
"Our approach is about delivering an integrated set of offerings that reduce the complexity and costs of securing the environment," he explains. "We will either prove that is the right approach, or not. And I'm betting my personal reputation on the fact that we're right."


A Rebel With a Cause
Thompson enjoys being seen as different, even if he looks like just another blue suit. And therein lies the rub.
In a field overwhelmingly occupied by white men, Thompson's race makes him stand out. Judging from the low number of African-Americans entering IT, that isn't going to change any time soon.

It's a position he's sometimes uncomfortable accepting, let alone promoting. "Yes, I am African-American. It's undeniable. But I don't think of myself in that context," he told the San Francisco Chronicle last year when asked for the umpteenth time about the race factor.
Many of the awards and accolades he's received over the past several years--from Time's Digital 50 in 1999 to last month's list of BusinessWeek's top managers for 2002--have nothing to do with the color of his skin. Those were awarded for his business acumen and influence.
But others express appreciation and honor Thompson's accomplishment as one of the nation's top African-Americans in IT. CNN.com, for instance, profiled him, along with celebrities like Oprah Winfrey and comedian Chris Rock, during last February's Black History Month. BlackEngineer.com deemed him one of the 50 Most Important African-Americans in Technology in 2001.
Technology project manager Chris Williams of Denver has followed Thompson's career since he worked under him years ago at IBM. Williams, who now works for a consultancy and holds office in the nonprofit Black Data Processing Associates, considers Thompson the ideal role model. "He's certainly someone you can emulate in the way he's handling his career," he says. "He's a real stickler for preparation and risk taking and believes that old adage: No risk, no reward."
Thompson's voice no longer drips with irritation when asked about his role and responsibilities as a black leader. He speaks regularly at conferences and historically black colleges, and is working with Jackson's Rainbow Coalition to recruit more African-Americans to IT and help them reach management positions. "They certainly have the intellect and wherewithal to do it. We just need to make ourselves known to them and the opportunities we can offer," he says.
The need for more mentors is key--at least based on his own experience. "I had the belief that if I could produce good results, the rest would take care of itself. But along the way, I also was fortunate enough to have support from some really well-placed people who took an interest in my career."
Success, though, comes more from who you are than whom you know.
"It's a combination of hard work and good support structure that helps to get you going, but it's determination along the way that keeps you moving along. I had enough of all of those to get me where I am today."
About the author: Anne Saita is senior editor at Information Security.



This was last published in February 2003






Dig Deeper on Security vendor mergers and acquisitions




									All




									News




									Get Started




									Evaluate




									Manage




									Problem Solve








How can CISOs get past security vendor hype and make smart purchases?



Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs?



RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger



Intel Security sale finalized, McAfee brand resurrected




							Load More



										View All






RSA: No major changes expected following Dell-EMC merger



Intel Security sale finalized, McAfee brand resurrected



Avast purchase of AVG shows uncertainty in antivirus market



Intel reportedly considering selling its security business




							Load More



										View All News






What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements



How should enterprises start the vendor management process?



IT content and vendor engagement evaluation survey



Corporate Mergers and Acquisitions Security Learning Guide






										View All Get started






Are cybersecurity conferences valuable to CISOs?



How should enterprises start the vendor management process?



Third-party risk management: Avoid the dangers of weak controls



Enterprise security licensing models present complex problems




							Load More



										View All Evaluate






What CISOs need to incorporate into cloud service-level agreements



How can a vendor risk assessment help enterprise security?



What is the best way to trim a security portfolio?



Vendor relationship management: Breaking up is hard to do




							Load More



										View All Manage






How can CISOs get past security vendor hype and make smart purchases?



Security startups: What do CISOs need to know before being customers?



Manage vendor access for industrial control systems security



Domain security services: Exploring the enterprise security benefits




							Load More



										View All Problem solve









PRO+
Content
Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here.







E-Handbook
Managed security services market: What you need to know now























				Start the conversation


0 comments




						Send me notifications when other members comment.
Add My Comment




Register







Login


Forgot your password?





Forgot your password?

No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password.




Submit







Your password has been sent to:




By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy







Please create a username to comment.








Oldest 
Newest 













-ADS BY GOOGLE














SearchCloudSecurity




Why the use of blockchain in the cloud is growing quickly
Blockchain in the cloud may offer organizations the ability to shift away from traditional cryptography models. Expert Dave ...



Users with public AWS S3 bucket policies receive warning
Following a number of data leaks related to improper AWS S3 bucket policies, Amazon has begun sending warning emails to users ...



How to use a cloud-based sandbox to analyze malware
A cloud-based sandbox can be a helpful tool for enterprises looking to bolster their intrusion prevention systems. Expert Rob ...






SearchNetworking




SaaS SIEM offers enterprise networks refined analytics
This week, bloggers explore SaaS SIEM, applications as drivers of hybrid cloud, and the benefits and drawbacks of integrated ...



Extreme to unify wired, wireless campus with Avaya fabric software
Extreme Networks plans to embed Avaya fabric technology in switches and management software to enable centralized control of ...



Is your organization ready for automation deployment?
Adopting new forms of advanced network configuration requires a culture change. Is your organization ready?






SearchCIO




Public and private partnerships helping bolster state's cybersecurity
The CIO and CISO for the state of Wisconsin discuss how public and private partnerships have become integral to their statewide ...



Complex, customized cloud application services could lead to backlash
Cloud providers are happy to customize their products for customers, but companies saddled with convoluted deployments may ...



Tensor Processing Units were purpose-built for machine learning: Pros, cons
Google's Tensor Processing Units are built to train and run machine learning models. Experts discuss their plusses and minuses ...






SearchConsumerization




Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users
HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ...



Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone
Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier...



Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2
Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ...






SearchEnterpriseDesktop




AI capabilities benefit IT through data management and automation
Software vendors add useful AI features to their biggest products, showing that the emerging technology is something to pay ...



Twelve Windows 10 GPOs IT must know about
Group Policy Objects in Windows 10 are powerful. IT can use them to turn off the Windows Store app, reshape the Start menu, ...



Safeguard against threats with third-party Windows 10 security software
Microsoft tries to keep Windows 10 safe, but there is still significant room for improvement. Third-party Windows 10 security ...






SearchCloudComputing




Demand for cloud computing skills continues to outpace supply
Despite growth in adoption, a cloud skills gap still exists. Now, firms hunt for candidates with more specialized skills related ...



Use Azure Container Registry to manage Docker images
Azure has upped its container game with a registry to store and manage Docker images. Learn how it integrates with other Azure ...



Google cloud data transfer appliance eases move to public cloud
Google's cloud options look to lure more enterprises with a physical device that simplifies data transfer in-house to the Google ...






ComputerWeekly




CaixaBank deploys tablet PCs across retail banking to improve account management
Spanish bank now provides its account managers with a mobile terminal, enabling them to access core account management systems ...



Scottish community broadband network gets funding to expand
The Locheilnet community wireless broadband scheme has been awarded funding to upgrade its core infrastructure and target new ...



What's behind Google Hire?
Google Hire is the latest move by the internet search giant to expand its reach. We investigate the implications

































Close











John W. Thompson Biography - life, family, children, parents, name, wife, school, mother - Newsmakers Cumulation





 








World Biography
2005 Pu-Z
 John W. Thompson Biography 



John W. Thompson Biography











        Chief Executive Officer of Symantec
      










      Born John Wendell Thompson, April 24, 1949, in Fort Dix, NJ; married
      (divorced); married Sandi Thompson (an attorney), 1998; children: a son
      and a daughter (from first marriage). 
      
        Education:
      
       Florida A&M University, B. A., 1971; Massachusetts Institute of
      Technology, M.S., 1983.
    


        Addresses:
      

        Office
      
      —World Headquarters, Symantec Corporation, 20330 Stevens Creek
      Blvd., Cupertino, CA 95014.
    



      Career
    

      Salesman for IBM, 1971; general manager for development and marketing
      OS/2, Intel-based server products, and communication product distribution;
      general manager IBM Americas, 1993-1999; president, CEO, chair, Symantec,
      1999-2002; CEO and chair, 2002—.
    


        Awards:
      
       Digital 50, 
      
        Time,
      
       1999; 50 Most Important African-Americans in Technology, 
      
        BlackEngineer.com,
      
       2001; top manager, 
      
        BusinessWeek,
      
       2002.
    



      Sidelights
    

      After 28 years with IBM, one of the world's leading companies, John
      W. Thompson chose to take a daring risk. Instead of waiting for
      retirement, which was only a couple years away, he accepted an offer to
      become head of Symantec—a leading software company located in
      California's Silicon Valley. It was the kind of challenge that he
      was ready to tackle. While his first years had their ups and downs,
      through his vision and determination the company renewed its focus and
      goals.
    

      Thompson was born April 24, 1949, in Fort Dix, New Jersey, and raised in
      West Palm Beach, Florida. His father was a postal worker and his mother
      was a teacher. Thompson claims to have had an early education in business
      when he accompanied his father as he collected rent on some apartments the
      family owned. His parents inspired a strong work ethic in Thompson. He
      described his family when he talked to Anne Saita of 
      
        Information Security,
      
       "My mom and dad believed very much in the concepts of working hard
      for what you want and making sure you're properly prepared for what
      your pursuits are. We were a loving bunch, but a very competitive
      bunch."
    

      Thompson went to college on a music scholarship at Florida A&M
      University, where he studied business administration. Although he played
      clarinet and saxophone, he did not want to become a musician. His goal was
      to become a businessman, he just did not know what kind of business he
      wanted to pursue. Toward the end of his college career, during which he
      had married and had a child, Thompson was encouraged by one of his
      professors to apply to IBM.
    

      He started out in 1971 as a salesman for the company. In the beginning, he
      was determined to be his own person. He eschewed the traditional look of
      corporate culture and sported a mustache, a large afro hairstyle, and wore
      leisure suits. The plan that 
       Thompson had laid out for himself was to work for IBM for two years and
      then apply to law school. As it happened, he and his wife at the time had
      a second child and he was promoted several times. His winning and
      charismatic style helped him work his way up the corporate ladder.
    

      He worked as general manager to develop and market IBM's operating
      system OS/2. He also helped market the company's server products
      and communication product distribution. Midway through his career,
      Thompson took a leave-of-absence to earn a master's degree in
      management science from the Sloan School of Management at MIT. By 1993, he
      was general manager of IBM Americas, a division of IBM worth $37 billion
      with 30,000 employees.
    

      In 1999, R.S. Miller, CEO of Bethlehem Steel and a board member for
      Symantec came calling at Thompson's door. Founder Gordon Eubanks
      was stepping down as head of the company and a search was on for a new
      leader, one who had to be from outside the company. At the time, Symantec
      was strong but lacked focus and did not seem to know what direction in
      which to head. Thompson seemed like the best candidate and he was up for
      the task.
    

      Thompson and his second wife, Sandi, relocated from Connecticut to
      California and began another phase in their lives. Sandi, who had worked
      for IBM as well, returned to school and earned a law degree. Thompson took
      on the mantle of chairman, president, and chief executive officer of
      Symantec. He wasted no time implementing changes at the floundering
      company. One of his first moves was to replace two-thirds of the senior
      executives. He also increased the number of employees by 40 percent. As
      part of a new focus on corporate customers, Thompson sold off several
      divisions including Internet Tools and its Visual Cafe as well as ACT
      contact manager software.
    

      Besides the challenges he faced within the company, Thompson was faced
      with other challenges. In 1999, Reverend Jesse Jackson came to Silicon
      Valley with his Rainbow/PUSH Coalition to address the issue of diversity
      in the high-tech industry. The coincidental event ended up creating a
      great deal of speculation on whether or not Thompson had been hired
      because he was African American. Thompson was upset by the conjecture. He
      explained to Karl Schoenberger of the 
      
        New York Times,
      
       "I'm not here to create an image of myself as some black
      messiah in Silicon Valley. But I've learned some things I'm
      willing to share, as long as I don't miss a beat in my No. 1
      priority of running a company . They will never say I failed because I was
      distracted. And they'll never be able to say I succeeded because I
      was black." Thompson worked with Jackson to change the name of the
      conference from "Digital Divide" to "Digital
      Connections," with the hope of switching its focus to
      inclusiveness.
    

      Many of the changes that took place when Thompson took over Symantec made
      his investors nervous. In his first couple years, he faced criticism and
      concern over his decisions. In order to shore up Symantec's
      resources for corporate customers, the company bought many smaller
      companies during a time when most other software companies had withdrawn
      from such acquisitions. But by 2001, Symantec had hit a revenue goal of
      having 60 percent of its sales coming from corporate accounts, a switch
      from its previous focus on individual users. Symantec's health was
      given a boost by Thompson's extensive list of contacts from his
      former IBM associates, who had always considered him trustworthy.
    

      In his personal life, Thompson enjoys both the finer things in life as
      well as simple pleasures. His father taught him to shoot a gun when he was
      a child. On one hand Thompson is an avid hunter who owns three hunting
      dogs. He primarily hunts duck, which he then takes home and prepares in
      gourmet fashion. Speaking to George V. Hulme of 
      
        Information Week,
      
       Thompson had this to say about his hobbies, "I enjoy hunting, and
      what I catch gives us something to cook. Hunting ties together my two
      hobbies." On the other hand, he owns a BMW and a Porsche and has
      his suits tailor-made by designer Ermenegildo Zegna.
    

      Thompson took a bold step in 1999, leaving the comfort and security of
      IBM, to take the helm of Symantec. His efforts have helped the company
      achieve sales in 2003 that reached $1.4 billion. He credits his success to
      his determination and focus as well as mentoring. He explained to 
      
        Information Security
      
      's Saita, "It's a combination of hard work and good
      support structure that helps to get you going, but it's
      determination along the way that keeps you moving along. I had enough of
      all of those to get me where I am today."
    



      Sources
    



      Periodicals
    


        BusinessWeek,
      
       January 13, 2003, p. 65.
    


        Information Security,
      
       February 2003, p. 64.
    


        InformationWeek,
      
       December 22, 2003, p. 38.
    


        New York Times,
      
       November 19, 2000, p. 4.
    


        San Francisco Chronicle,
      
       January 4, 2004, p. 11.
    



      Online
    

      "Digital 50—John W. Thompson," 
      
        http://www.time.com/time/digital/digital50/43.html
      
       (August 12, 2004).
    

      "Newsmaker Profile" 
      
        San Franciso Chronicle,
      

        http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/chronicle/archive/2002/01/29/BU53763.DTL
      
       (August 14, 2004).
    




        —Eve M. B. Hermann
      












User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
John W. Thompson Biography forum


 
				Edmond J. Thomas Biography

				 Boris Trajkovski Biography
				  






















Newsmakers Cumulation














World Biography
Newsmakers Cumulation



2004 A-Di
Contains articles like Ivan Allen Jr. Biography, Manuel Alvarez Bravo Biography, Idi Amin Biography, Ashanti Biography, Rachel Ashwell Biography, Robert C. Atkins Biography, Rowan Atkinson Biography, Mark Badgley and James Mischka Biography, Brian Becker Biography, Oscar Berger Biography, etc… 


2004 Di-Ko
Contains articles like Elizabeth Diller and Ricardo Scofidio Biography, Tim Donahue Biography, Hilary Duff Biography, Dale Earnhardt Jr. Biography, Shirin Ebadi Biography, Buddy Ebsen Biography, Larry Ellison Biography, Robert Evans Biography, Eve Biography, Colin Farrell Biography, etc… 


2004 Ko-Pr
Contains articles like Mike Korchinsky Biography, Dick Kovacevich Biography, Heinz Krogner Biography, Anthony LaPaglia Biography, Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson Biography, Bill Laimbeer Biography, Robert Lanza Biography, Arthur Levitt Biography, Eugene Levy Biography, Daniel Libeskind Biography, etc… 


2004 Q-Z
Contains articles like Queer Eye for the Straight Guy cast Biography, Karel Reisz Biography, Caroline Rhea Biography, Paola Rizzoli Biography, V. Gene Robinson Biography, Andy Roddick Biography, Ilene Rosenzweig Biography, Coleen Rowley Biography, Donald Rumsfeld Biography, Jeffrey D. Sachs Biography, etc… 


2005 A-Fi
Contains articles like Freddy Adu Biography, Arthur Agatston Biography, Chris Albrecht Biography, Roger Ames Biography, Tadao Ando Biography, Lori B. Andrews Biography, Louise Arbour Biography, Sean Astin Biography, Alan Ball Biography, Jason Bateman Biography, etc… 


2005 Fo-La
Contains articles like Faith Ford Biography, Janet Frame Biography, Claire M. Fraser Biography, John Galliano Biography, Gabriel García Márquez Biography, Amalia García Biography, Thomas Gold Biography, Genevieve Gorder Biography, Michael Gordon Biography, Topher Grace Biography, etc… 


2005 La-Pr
Contains articles like Ricardo Lagos Biography, Avril Lavigne Biography, Matt LeBlanc Biography, Chang-rae Lee Biography, Janet Leigh Biography, Sandy Lerner Biography, Edward B. Lewis Biography, Bella Lewitzky Biography, Jet Li Biography, Peter Liguori Biography, etc… 


2005 Pu-Z
Contains articles like Albert Pujols Biography, Manny Ramirez Biography, Tony Randall Biography, Raven Biography, Ronald Reagan Biography, Joan Rivers Biography, Narciso Rodriguez Biography, Robert Rodriguez Biography, Roh Moo-hyun Biography, Dave Rosgen Biography, etc… 


2006 A-Ec
Contains articles like Paige Adams-Geller Biography, Jonathan Adler Biography, Eddie Albert Biography, Prince of Monaco Albert Biography, Jeremy Allaire Biography, Judd Apatow Biography, Fiona Apple Biography, Shizuka Arakawa Biography, Julius Axelrod Biography, Traian Băsescu Biography, etc… 


2006 Ei-La
Contains articles like Will Eisner Biography, Mohamed ElBaradei Biography, Enrico Fabris Biography, King of Saudi Arabia Fahd Biography, Niall Ferguson Biography, America Ferrera Biography, Jasper Fforde Biography, Patrick J. Fitzgerald Biography, Foo Fighters Biography, Matthew Fox Biography, etc… 


2006 Le-Ra
Contains articles like Heath Ledger Biography, Jason Lee Biography, Nanette Lepore Biography, Beth Lisick Biography, Benilde Little Biography, Christian Louboutin Biography, Richard Louv Biography, Alexander Lukashenko Biography, Pony Ma Biography, Seth MacFarlane Biography, etc… 


2006 Ra-Z
Contains articles like John Raitt Biography, Anders Fogh Rasmussen Biography, Harry Reid Biography, Judith Rossner Biography, Karl Rove Biography, Marjane Satrapi Biography, Kyra Sedgwick Biography, John Sentamu Biography, Gyanendra Shah Biography, John Patrick Shanley Biography, etc… 


2007 A-Co
Contains articles like AFI Biography, J. J. Abrams Biography, Don Adams Biography, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Biography, Sophie Albou Biography, Monica Ali Biography, Robert Allenby Biography, June Allyson Biography, Brad Anderson Biography, Tom Anderson and Chris DeWolfe Biography, etc… 


2007 Co-Lh
Contains articles like Dominique Nils Conseil Biography, Robert Crais Biography, Raymond Davis Biography, Rosario Dawson Biography, Guerrino De Luca Biography, Brian De Palma Biography, Desmond Dekker Biography, E. L. Doctorow Biography, Alice Domar Biography, Mike Douglas Biography, etc… 


2007 Li-Pr
Contains articles like Gyorgy Ligeti Biography, Doug Liman Biography, Richard Linklater Biography, Penelope Lively Biography, Ron Livingston Biography, Ludacris Biography, Jack Ma Biography, Steve Madden Biography, Naguib Mahfouz Biography, Mako Biography, etc… 


2007 Pu-Z
Contains articles like Theodore Puck Biography, Kirby Puckett Biography, Daniel Radcliffe Biography, Estelle R. Ramey Biography, Lou Rawls Biography, Rachael Ray Biography, Kathleen J. Reichs Biography, Ruth Rendell Biography, Peter Rice Biography, Lloyd Richards Biography, etc… 






















2005 Pu-Z






 








World Biography
 2005 Pu-Z 


Albert Pujols Biography
Born Jose Albert Pujols, January 16, 1980; son of Bienvenido Pujols (a minor league pitcher); married Deidre (a secretary), January 1, 2000; children: Isabella (stepdaughter), A.J. (Albert Jose). 
Manny Ramirez Biography
Born Manuel Aristides Ramirez, May 30, 1972, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic; son of Aristides (a cab driver) and Onelcidad (a seamstress) Ramirez; married to Juliana Monterio (October, 2001); children: Manuel, Manny Jr.
Tony Randall Biography
Born Leonard Rosenberg, February 26, 1920, in Tulsa, OK; died from complications of pneumonia, May 17, 2004, in Manhattan, NY. Actor. 
Raven Biography
Born Raven-Symone Christina Pearman, December 10, 1985, in Atlanta, GA; daughter of Christoper (a manager) and Lydia (Gaulden) Pearman.
Ronald Reagan Biography
Born Ronald Wilson Reagan, February 6, 1911, in Tampico, IL; died of pneumonia, June 5, 2004, in Los Angeles, CA. Politician. 
Joan Rivers Biography
Born Joan Alexandra Molinsky, June 8, 1933, in Brooklyn, NY; daughter of Meyer C. (a physician) and Beatrice Molinsky; married James Sanger (an heir to a department store fortune), 1957 (annulled, 1958); married Edgar Rosenberg (a manager, executive, and producer), 1964 (committed suicide, August 14, 1987); children: Melissa (from second marriage). 
Narciso Rodriguez Biography
Born January of 1961, in New Jersey; son of Narciso, Sr. (a longshoreman) and Rawedia Maria (a homemaker) Rodriguez. 
Robert Rodriguez Biography
Born Robert Anthony Rodriguez, June 20, 1968, in San Antonio, TX; son of Cecilio (a cookware sales manager) and Rebecca (a nurse) Rodriguez; married Elizabeth Avellan, c. 1991; children: Rocket Valentino, Racer Maximiliano, Rebel Antonio. 
Roh Moo-hyun Biography
Born August 6, 1946, in Kimhae, South Korea; married Kwon Yang Sook; children: Geon-ho, Jeong-yeon. Education: Studied on his own to become an attorney.
Dave Rosgen Biography
Addresses: Office—Wildland Hydrology, 11210 N. County Rd. 
Renzo Rosso Biography
Born in 1955 in Brugine, Italy; married; children: Stefano, Andrea (son), four others.
William Victor Roth Biography
Born William Victor Roth Jr., July 22, 1921, in Great Falls, MT; died of heart failure, December 13, 2003, in Washington, DC. U.S. 
Jack Rowe Biography
Born John Wallis Rowe, June 20, 1944, in Jersey City, NJ; son of Albert Wallis (a professional soccer player and factory worker) and Elizabeth (a hospital clerk; maiden name, Lynch) Rowe; married Valerie Ann DelTufo, August 10, 1968; children: Meredith, Abigail, Rebecca. Religion: Roman Catholic. 
Katey Sagal Biography
Born Catherine Louise Sagal, January 19, 1954, in Los Angeles, California; daughter of Boris Sagal (a television director and producer) and Sara Zwilling (also known as Sara Macon; a singer and television director, producer, and writer); married Freddie Beckmeyer, 1978 (divorced, 1981); married Jack White (a country music drummer), November 27, 1993 (divorced, 2000); married Kurt Sutter (a television writer and producer), October 2, 2004; children: Sarah Grace, Jackson James (from second marriage). Education: Attended California Institute of the Arts.
Francesco Scavullo Biography
Born January 16, 1921, in New York, NY; died of heart failure, January 6, 2004, in New York, NY. Fashion photographer. 
Michael Schumacher Biography
Born January 3, 1969, in Huerth-Hermuelheim, Germany; son of Rolf (a bricklayer and go-kart track worker) and Elisabeth (a go-kart track worker); married Corinna Betsch (an office worker), 1995; children: Gina-Maria, Mick.
Alice Sebold Biography
Born c. 1963, in Madison, WI; daughter of a Spanish professor and a journalist; married Glen David Gold (an author), November, 2001. 
David Sedaris Biography
Born in 1957, in New York; partner of Hugh Hamrick (a painter). Education: Attended Kent State University; graduated from School of the Art Institute of Chicago, 1987.
Shelli Segal Biography
Born c. 1955, in Dallas, TX; daughter of Jerry (a comedy writer) and Ann (a nightclub singer; maiden name, Benson) Segal; married Moshe Elimelech (a graphic designer), c. 
Maria Sharapova Biography
Born April 19, 1987, in Nyagan, Siberia, Russian Federation; daughter of Yuri and Yelena Sharapova.
Thaksin Shinawatra Biography
Born July 26, 1949, in Chiang Mai, Thailand; son of Boonlert (a silk businessman); married Potjaman; children: Parthongtae (son), Praethongtarn (daughter), Pintongta (daughter). Religion: Buddhism. 
Lou Anna K. Simon Biography
Born Lou Anna Kimsey in 1947, in Sullivan, IN; married Roy Simon (a school administrator). Education: Indiana State University, B.A., 1969, M.A., 1970; Michigan State University, Ph.D., 1974.
Paul Simon Biography
Simon was born on November 29, 1928, to Reverend Martin and Ruth Simon. Both Lutheran missionaries, they had returned from China and settled in Eugene, Oregon, while Ruth was pregnant. 
Margaret Thaler Singer Biography
Born July 29, 1921, in Denver, CO; died of pneumonia, November 23, 2003, in Berkeley, CA. Psychologist and college professor. 
Pam Skaist-Levy and Gela Taylor Biography
Born Pamela Skaist, c. 1964; married Jeff Levy (a musician, film director, and producer), c. 
Warren Spahn Biography
Born April 23, 1921, in Buffalo, NY; died November 24, 2003, in Broken Arrow, OK. Professional baseball player. 
Margaret Spellings Biography
Born in 1957 in Michigan; married (divorced, 1997); married Robert Spellings, 2001; children: Mary, Grace. Education: University of Houston, B.A., 1979.
Stephen Sprouse Biography
Born in 1953, in Ohio; died of heart failure, March 4, 2004, in New York, NY. Fashion designer. 
Gwen Stefani Biography
Born Gwendolyn Renee Stefani, October 3, 1969, in Anaheim, CA; daughter of Dennis (a marketing consultant) and Patricia (a homemaker) Stefani; married Gavin Rossdale (a musician), September 14, 2002.
Yoshio Taniguchi Biography
Born in 1937 in Japan; son of Yoshiro Taniguchi (an architect); married Kumi. Education: Earned engineering degree from Keio University, 1960; Harvard University Graduate School of Design, M.Arch., 1964.
Graham Taylor Biography
Born c. 1958 in Scarborough, England; married Kathy (a nurse), c. 
Edmond J. Thomas Biography
Born c. 1943. 
John W. Thompson Biography
Born John Wendell Thompson, April 24, 1949, in Fort Dix, NJ; married (divorced); married Sandi Thompson (an attorney), 1998; children: a son and a daughter (from first marriage). Education: Florida A&M University, B. 
Boris Trajkovski Biography
Born June 25, 1956, in Strumica, Yugoslavia; died in a plane crash, February 26, 2004, near Stolac, Bosnia-Herzegovina. President of Macedonia. 
Usher Biography
Born Usher Raymond IV, October 14, 1979, in Dallas, TX; son of Jonnetta Patton (a choir director and later his manager).
Peter Ustinov Biography
Born Peter Alexander Ustinov, April 16, 1921, in London, England; died of heart failure, March 28, 2004, in Genolier, Switzerland. Actor and writer. 
Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez Biography
Born in 1969, in Albuquerque, NM; daughter of Nelson P. Valdes (a sociologist) and Maxine Conant (a poet); married Patrick Rodriguez (a writer), 1999; children: Alexander. 
Daniel Vasella Biography
Born in 1953 in Fribourg, Switzerland; son of Oskar (a history professor) Vasella; married Anne-Laurence, 1978; children: one daughter, two sons. Education: University of Bern, M.D., 1979.
Ellen S. Vitetta Biography
Born c. 1942. 
Fred L. Whipple Biography
Born November 5, 1906, in Red Oak, IA; died August 30, 2004, in Cambridge, MA. Astrophysicist. 
Pharrell Williams Biography
Born April 5, 1973, in Virginia Beach, VA; son of Pharoah (a handyman) and Carolyn (a teacher) Williams.
Paul Winfield Biography
Born May 22, 1941, in Los Angeles, CA; died March 7, 2004 in Los Angeles, CA. Actor. 
Judd Winick Biography
Born February 12, 1970, in Long Island, NY; married Pam Ling, August 26, 2001. Education: University of Michigan, B.A., 1992.
Marissa Jaret Winokur Biography
Born February 2, 1973, in New York, NY; daughter of Michael (an architect) and Maxine (a teacher) Winokur. Education: Studied at the American Musical and Dramatic Academy.
Tobias Wolff Biography
Born Tobias Jonathan Ansell-Wolff III, June 19, 1945, in Birmingham, AL; son of Arthur (an aeronautical engineer) and Rosemary (Loftus) Wolff; married Catherine Dolores Spohn (a clinical social worker), 1975; children: Michael, Patrick, Mary Elizabeth. Education: Oxford University, B.A. 
Wu Yi Biography
Born in November of 1938, in Wuhan, in the Hubei Province, China. Education: Attended Beijing National Defense Department of the Northwest Polytechnic Institute; Petroleum Institute, petroleum engineering degree, 1962.
Xzibit Biography
Born Alvin Nathaniel Joiner, January 8, 1974, in Detroit, MI; children: Tremayne (son).
Jaap de Hoop Scheffer Biography
Born Jakob Gijsbert de Hoop Scheffer, April 3, 1948, in Amsterdam, The Netherlands; son of the general secretary of a stockbrokers' association; married Jeannine de Hoop Scheffer-van Oorschot (a French teacher); children: Caroline, Stephanie. Politics: Christian Democratic Alliance. 
Drea de Matteo Biography
Born Andrea Donna de Matteo, January 19, 1973, in New York, NY; daughter of Albert (a furniture manufacturer) and Donna (a playwright) de Matteo. Education: Graduated from New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, B.F.A. 
Oscar de la Renta Biography
Born in 1932, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic; married Françoise de Langlade (a fashion editor), 1967 (died, 1983); married Annette Engelhard Reed (a philanthropist), January, 1990; children: Moises Oscar (adopted), Eliza (stepchild; from second marriage), two other stepchildren (from second marriage). Education: Studied painting at Academia de San Fernando (Madrid, Spain).

















John W. Thompson - Wikipedia






















 






John W. Thompson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see John Thompson (disambiguation).


John W. Thompson



John W. Thompson



Born
John Wendell Thompson
(1949-04-24) April 24, 1949 (age 68)
Fort Dix, New Jersey, United States


Alma mater
Florida A&M University
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Occupation
CEO of Virtual Instruments
Chairman of Microsoft
Illumio Board Member
Illumina Board of Directors[1]


Employer
IBM (1971–1999)
Symantec (1999–2009)
Microsoft (2014–present)


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949)[2] is an American CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and the former chief executive officer (CEO) of Symantec. Thompson later became an independent director on the board of Microsoft, and on February 4, 2014, he was named the chairman of the board.[3] He led the search for Microsoft's next CEO; as a result, Satya Nadella was selected.[4]



Contents


1 Personal life
2 Professional life

2.1 Board memberships


3 Political activity
4 References
5 External links



Personal life[edit]
Born at Fort Dix, New Jersey, Thompson attended John F. Kennedy High School in Riviera Beach, Florida (now Suncoast Community High School). He received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida A&M University in 1971 and an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management in 1983. A large advocate of outdoor conservation, he works largely with Ducks Unlimited.
Professional life[edit]
Before moving on to become Symantec's CEO in 1999, Thompson's 28-year career with IBM Corporation included senior executive positions in sales, marketing and software development, and lastly as general manager of IBM Americas as well as membership in the company’s Worldwide Management Council.
In September 2002, Thompson was appointed to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee (NIAC) which makes recommendations regarding the security of the critical infrastructure of the United States.
Thompson purchased a 20 percent share of the Golden State Warriors NBA team in 2005 along with three other Silicon Valley businessmen under the umbrella of the Bay Area Basketball Partners, L.L.C.
In April 2006, Forbes published a list of the most highly compensated CEOs. Thompson was ranked #8 with a total compensation of US$71.84 million.[5]
Thompson retired from his post as CEO of Symantec on April 4, 2009, turning the company's reins over to long-time Symantec executive Enrique Salem.
Board memberships[edit]

Illinois Governor's Human Resource Advisory Council
Teach For America
Illumio[6]
Liquid Robotics[7]

In 2010, Thompson was recognized for his commitment to education in Silicon Valley at the Silicon Valley Education Foundation's 2010 Pioneers & Purpose event. He received the Pioneer Business Leader award, which is awarded to individuals who have achieved outstanding accomplishments in business and education.
On February 4, 2014, Thompson was appointed as chairman of Microsoft, succeeding Bill Gates.[8] Prior to being named chairman, Thompson had been a member of the Microsoft Board for two years. He stated that he joined the board because he had "admired Microsoft for many, many, many years". Thompson said he considered Microsoft to be "one of the true, iconic companies in our country".[9]
Political activity[edit]
Thompson was a strong supporter of Barack Obama's campaign during the 2008 election cycle.[10] In January 2009, news sources reported that President-elect Obama was considering Thompson to fill the Secretary of Commerce post in the Obama administration.[11][12][13] Ultimately, Senator Judd Gregg was chosen for the post[14] but withdrew his name on Thursday, February 12. Thompson again remained a potential candidate until the successful appointment of Gary Locke.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi appointed Thompson to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2009.
References[edit]


^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170220005178/en/Illumina-Names-John-W.-Thompson-Board-Directors
^ John W. Thompson
^ http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2014/feb14/02-04newspr.aspx
^ Hughes, Alan (September 2004). "The best CEO in Silicon Valley: John Thompson has transformed Symantec into a multibillion-dollar security software juggernaut". Black Enterprise. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "John W Thompson, CEO Compensation". Forbes. April 2006. Retrieved 2006-06-07. 
^ http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/11/10/microsoft-chairman-thompson-joins-board-of-security-startup-illumio/
^ http://liquidr.com/company/leadership/bod.html
^ "Bill Gates steps down as chairman, will assist new CEO as 'technology advisor'". The Verge. Retrieved 4 February 2014.  "Gates will be succeeded as chairman by John Thompson, who joined Microsoft's board in February of 2012. Thompson is currently the CEO of Virtual Instruments and previously served as CEO and chairman of Symantec."
^ "Meet Microsoft's new board chairman John Thompson". ZDNet. February 4, 2014. 
^ "Nomination of Symantec CEO John W. Thompson as commerce secretary near, sources say". San Jose Mercury News. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ Puzzanghera, Jim (January 2009). "Commerce secretary may hail from Silicon Valley". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Outgoing Symantec CEO eyed for Commerce post". Denver Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Thompson top choice for commerce secretary: sources". Washington Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. [dead link]
^ "Obama nominates GOP senator for Commerce secretary". USA Today. January 2009. Archived from the original on February 6, 2009. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 


External links[edit]

John W. Thompson-Chairman-Microsoft
Speaking at Stanford



Preceded by
Bill Gates
Chairman of Microsoft
2014-
Succeeded by
incumbent








v
t
e


Microsoft






History
All topics





People
(list)





Founders




Bill Gates
Paul Allen






Board of directors




John W. Thompson (Chairman)
Satya Nadella (CEO)
Dina Dublon
Maria Klawe
David Marquardt
Charles Noski
Helmut Panke
Mason Morfit
John W. Stanton






Senior leadership team




Satya Nadella (CEO)
Scott Guthrie
Amy Hood (CFO)
Terry Myerson
Harry Shum






Corporate VPs




Gabe Aul (VP)
Joe Belfiore
Richard Rashid (SVP)
S. Somasegar (SVP)








Divisions



Engineering groups

Mobile
Skype unit


Digital Crimes Unit
Garage
Press
Research
Studios
.NET Foundation
Outercurve Foundation





Estates



Microsoft Redmond campus
Microsoft Talo
Microsoft Algeria
Microsoft Egypt
Microsoft India
Microsoft Japan





Product families



Operating systems

Windows


Software

Office
Servers
Visual Studio


Hardware

HoloLens
Surface
Xbox







Web properties



Bing
Channel 9
CodePlex
Developer Network
MSN
Mixer
Office.com
OneDrive
Outlook.com
TechNet
Windows Store





Conferences



Build
MIX
PDC
TechEd
WinHEC
Inspire





Criticism



Bundling of Microsoft Windows
Clippy
iLoo
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Bob
_NSAKEY
Windows

ME
XP
Vista
10







Litigation



Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft
Apple v. Microsoft
European Union Microsoft competition case
Microsoft v. Lindows
Microsoft vs. MikeRoweSoft
Microsoft v. Shah
United States v. Microsoft





Acquisitions



6Wunderkinder
Altamira Software
aQuantive
Azyxxi
The Blue Ribbon SoundWorks
Beam
Bungie
Calista Technologies
Colloquis
Connectix
Consumers Software
Danger
Farecast
FASA Studio
Fast Search & Transfer
Firefly
Forethought
GIANT Company Software
GreenButton
Groove Networks
High Heat: Major League Baseball
Hotmail
Jellyfish.com
LinkExchange
Lionhead Studios
Maluuba
Massive Incorporated
Mobile Data Labs
Mojang
Nokia Devices and Services
Onfolio
Pando Networks
Perceptive Pixel
PlaceWare
Powerset
ProClarity
Rare
Revolution Analytics
ScreenTonic
Secure Islands
Simplygon
Skype
Sunrise Atelier
SwiftKey
Winternals Software
Teleo
Telekinesys Research
Tellme Networks
Twisted Pixel Games
Vermeer Technologies
Visio Corporation
Vivaty
VoloMetrix
VXtreme
WebTV Networks
Xamarin
Yammer
Yupi
LinkedIn








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_W._Thompson&oldid=789972133"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleDirectors of MicrosoftAmerican technology chief executivesIBM employeesMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT Sloan School of Management alumniMIT Sloan FellowsFlorida A&M University alumniSymantec peopleAfrican-American business executivesPeople from Fort DixHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from September 2010Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschفارسیNorsk bokmålSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 19:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John W. Thompson - Wikipedia






















 






John W. Thompson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see John Thompson (disambiguation).


John W. Thompson



John W. Thompson



Born
John Wendell Thompson
(1949-04-24) April 24, 1949 (age 68)
Fort Dix, New Jersey, United States


Alma mater
Florida A&M University
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Occupation
CEO of Virtual Instruments
Chairman of Microsoft
Illumio Board Member
Illumina Board of Directors[1]


Employer
IBM (1971–1999)
Symantec (1999–2009)
Microsoft (2014–present)


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949)[2] is an American CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and the former chief executive officer (CEO) of Symantec. Thompson later became an independent director on the board of Microsoft, and on February 4, 2014, he was named the chairman of the board.[3] He led the search for Microsoft's next CEO; as a result, Satya Nadella was selected.[4]



Contents


1 Personal life
2 Professional life

2.1 Board memberships


3 Political activity
4 References
5 External links



Personal life[edit]
Born at Fort Dix, New Jersey, Thompson attended John F. Kennedy High School in Riviera Beach, Florida (now Suncoast Community High School). He received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida A&M University in 1971 and an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management in 1983. A large advocate of outdoor conservation, he works largely with Ducks Unlimited.
Professional life[edit]
Before moving on to become Symantec's CEO in 1999, Thompson's 28-year career with IBM Corporation included senior executive positions in sales, marketing and software development, and lastly as general manager of IBM Americas as well as membership in the company’s Worldwide Management Council.
In September 2002, Thompson was appointed to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee (NIAC) which makes recommendations regarding the security of the critical infrastructure of the United States.
Thompson purchased a 20 percent share of the Golden State Warriors NBA team in 2005 along with three other Silicon Valley businessmen under the umbrella of the Bay Area Basketball Partners, L.L.C.
In April 2006, Forbes published a list of the most highly compensated CEOs. Thompson was ranked #8 with a total compensation of US$71.84 million.[5]
Thompson retired from his post as CEO of Symantec on April 4, 2009, turning the company's reins over to long-time Symantec executive Enrique Salem.
Board memberships[edit]

Illinois Governor's Human Resource Advisory Council
Teach For America
Illumio[6]
Liquid Robotics[7]

In 2010, Thompson was recognized for his commitment to education in Silicon Valley at the Silicon Valley Education Foundation's 2010 Pioneers & Purpose event. He received the Pioneer Business Leader award, which is awarded to individuals who have achieved outstanding accomplishments in business and education.
On February 4, 2014, Thompson was appointed as chairman of Microsoft, succeeding Bill Gates.[8] Prior to being named chairman, Thompson had been a member of the Microsoft Board for two years. He stated that he joined the board because he had "admired Microsoft for many, many, many years". Thompson said he considered Microsoft to be "one of the true, iconic companies in our country".[9]
Political activity[edit]
Thompson was a strong supporter of Barack Obama's campaign during the 2008 election cycle.[10] In January 2009, news sources reported that President-elect Obama was considering Thompson to fill the Secretary of Commerce post in the Obama administration.[11][12][13] Ultimately, Senator Judd Gregg was chosen for the post[14] but withdrew his name on Thursday, February 12. Thompson again remained a potential candidate until the successful appointment of Gary Locke.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi appointed Thompson to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2009.
References[edit]


^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170220005178/en/Illumina-Names-John-W.-Thompson-Board-Directors
^ John W. Thompson
^ http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2014/feb14/02-04newspr.aspx
^ Hughes, Alan (September 2004). "The best CEO in Silicon Valley: John Thompson has transformed Symantec into a multibillion-dollar security software juggernaut". Black Enterprise. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "John W Thompson, CEO Compensation". Forbes. April 2006. Retrieved 2006-06-07. 
^ http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/11/10/microsoft-chairman-thompson-joins-board-of-security-startup-illumio/
^ http://liquidr.com/company/leadership/bod.html
^ "Bill Gates steps down as chairman, will assist new CEO as 'technology advisor'". The Verge. Retrieved 4 February 2014.  "Gates will be succeeded as chairman by John Thompson, who joined Microsoft's board in February of 2012. Thompson is currently the CEO of Virtual Instruments and previously served as CEO and chairman of Symantec."
^ "Meet Microsoft's new board chairman John Thompson". ZDNet. February 4, 2014. 
^ "Nomination of Symantec CEO John W. Thompson as commerce secretary near, sources say". San Jose Mercury News. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ Puzzanghera, Jim (January 2009). "Commerce secretary may hail from Silicon Valley". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Outgoing Symantec CEO eyed for Commerce post". Denver Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Thompson top choice for commerce secretary: sources". Washington Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. [dead link]
^ "Obama nominates GOP senator for Commerce secretary". USA Today. January 2009. Archived from the original on February 6, 2009. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 


External links[edit]

John W. Thompson-Chairman-Microsoft
Speaking at Stanford



Preceded by
Bill Gates
Chairman of Microsoft
2014-
Succeeded by
incumbent








v
t
e


Microsoft






History
All topics





People
(list)





Founders




Bill Gates
Paul Allen






Board of directors




John W. Thompson (Chairman)
Satya Nadella (CEO)
Dina Dublon
Maria Klawe
David Marquardt
Charles Noski
Helmut Panke
Mason Morfit
John W. Stanton






Senior leadership team




Satya Nadella (CEO)
Scott Guthrie
Amy Hood (CFO)
Terry Myerson
Harry Shum






Corporate VPs




Gabe Aul (VP)
Joe Belfiore
Richard Rashid (SVP)
S. Somasegar (SVP)








Divisions



Engineering groups

Mobile
Skype unit


Digital Crimes Unit
Garage
Press
Research
Studios
.NET Foundation
Outercurve Foundation





Estates



Microsoft Redmond campus
Microsoft Talo
Microsoft Algeria
Microsoft Egypt
Microsoft India
Microsoft Japan





Product families



Operating systems

Windows


Software

Office
Servers
Visual Studio


Hardware

HoloLens
Surface
Xbox







Web properties



Bing
Channel 9
CodePlex
Developer Network
MSN
Mixer
Office.com
OneDrive
Outlook.com
TechNet
Windows Store





Conferences



Build
MIX
PDC
TechEd
WinHEC
Inspire





Criticism



Bundling of Microsoft Windows
Clippy
iLoo
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Bob
_NSAKEY
Windows

ME
XP
Vista
10







Litigation



Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft
Apple v. Microsoft
European Union Microsoft competition case
Microsoft v. Lindows
Microsoft vs. MikeRoweSoft
Microsoft v. Shah
United States v. Microsoft





Acquisitions



6Wunderkinder
Altamira Software
aQuantive
Azyxxi
The Blue Ribbon SoundWorks
Beam
Bungie
Calista Technologies
Colloquis
Connectix
Consumers Software
Danger
Farecast
FASA Studio
Fast Search & Transfer
Firefly
Forethought
GIANT Company Software
GreenButton
Groove Networks
High Heat: Major League Baseball
Hotmail
Jellyfish.com
LinkExchange
Lionhead Studios
Maluuba
Massive Incorporated
Mobile Data Labs
Mojang
Nokia Devices and Services
Onfolio
Pando Networks
Perceptive Pixel
PlaceWare
Powerset
ProClarity
Rare
Revolution Analytics
ScreenTonic
Secure Islands
Simplygon
Skype
Sunrise Atelier
SwiftKey
Winternals Software
Teleo
Telekinesys Research
Tellme Networks
Twisted Pixel Games
Vermeer Technologies
Visio Corporation
Vivaty
VoloMetrix
VXtreme
WebTV Networks
Xamarin
Yammer
Yupi
LinkedIn








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_W._Thompson&oldid=789972133"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleDirectors of MicrosoftAmerican technology chief executivesIBM employeesMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT Sloan School of Management alumniMIT Sloan FellowsFlorida A&M University alumniSymantec peopleAfrican-American business executivesPeople from Fort DixHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from September 2010Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschفارسیNorsk bokmålSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 19:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John W. Thompson - Wikipedia






















 






John W. Thompson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see John Thompson (disambiguation).


John W. Thompson



John W. Thompson



Born
John Wendell Thompson
(1949-04-24) April 24, 1949 (age 68)
Fort Dix, New Jersey, United States


Alma mater
Florida A&M University
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Occupation
CEO of Virtual Instruments
Chairman of Microsoft
Illumio Board Member
Illumina Board of Directors[1]


Employer
IBM (1971–1999)
Symantec (1999–2009)
Microsoft (2014–present)


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949)[2] is an American CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and the former chief executive officer (CEO) of Symantec. Thompson later became an independent director on the board of Microsoft, and on February 4, 2014, he was named the chairman of the board.[3] He led the search for Microsoft's next CEO; as a result, Satya Nadella was selected.[4]



Contents


1 Personal life
2 Professional life

2.1 Board memberships


3 Political activity
4 References
5 External links



Personal life[edit]
Born at Fort Dix, New Jersey, Thompson attended John F. Kennedy High School in Riviera Beach, Florida (now Suncoast Community High School). He received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida A&M University in 1971 and an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management in 1983. A large advocate of outdoor conservation, he works largely with Ducks Unlimited.
Professional life[edit]
Before moving on to become Symantec's CEO in 1999, Thompson's 28-year career with IBM Corporation included senior executive positions in sales, marketing and software development, and lastly as general manager of IBM Americas as well as membership in the company’s Worldwide Management Council.
In September 2002, Thompson was appointed to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee (NIAC) which makes recommendations regarding the security of the critical infrastructure of the United States.
Thompson purchased a 20 percent share of the Golden State Warriors NBA team in 2005 along with three other Silicon Valley businessmen under the umbrella of the Bay Area Basketball Partners, L.L.C.
In April 2006, Forbes published a list of the most highly compensated CEOs. Thompson was ranked #8 with a total compensation of US$71.84 million.[5]
Thompson retired from his post as CEO of Symantec on April 4, 2009, turning the company's reins over to long-time Symantec executive Enrique Salem.
Board memberships[edit]

Illinois Governor's Human Resource Advisory Council
Teach For America
Illumio[6]
Liquid Robotics[7]

In 2010, Thompson was recognized for his commitment to education in Silicon Valley at the Silicon Valley Education Foundation's 2010 Pioneers & Purpose event. He received the Pioneer Business Leader award, which is awarded to individuals who have achieved outstanding accomplishments in business and education.
On February 4, 2014, Thompson was appointed as chairman of Microsoft, succeeding Bill Gates.[8] Prior to being named chairman, Thompson had been a member of the Microsoft Board for two years. He stated that he joined the board because he had "admired Microsoft for many, many, many years". Thompson said he considered Microsoft to be "one of the true, iconic companies in our country".[9]
Political activity[edit]
Thompson was a strong supporter of Barack Obama's campaign during the 2008 election cycle.[10] In January 2009, news sources reported that President-elect Obama was considering Thompson to fill the Secretary of Commerce post in the Obama administration.[11][12][13] Ultimately, Senator Judd Gregg was chosen for the post[14] but withdrew his name on Thursday, February 12. Thompson again remained a potential candidate until the successful appointment of Gary Locke.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi appointed Thompson to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2009.
References[edit]


^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170220005178/en/Illumina-Names-John-W.-Thompson-Board-Directors
^ John W. Thompson
^ http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2014/feb14/02-04newspr.aspx
^ Hughes, Alan (September 2004). "The best CEO in Silicon Valley: John Thompson has transformed Symantec into a multibillion-dollar security software juggernaut". Black Enterprise. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "John W Thompson, CEO Compensation". Forbes. April 2006. Retrieved 2006-06-07. 
^ http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/11/10/microsoft-chairman-thompson-joins-board-of-security-startup-illumio/
^ http://liquidr.com/company/leadership/bod.html
^ "Bill Gates steps down as chairman, will assist new CEO as 'technology advisor'". The Verge. Retrieved 4 February 2014.  "Gates will be succeeded as chairman by John Thompson, who joined Microsoft's board in February of 2012. Thompson is currently the CEO of Virtual Instruments and previously served as CEO and chairman of Symantec."
^ "Meet Microsoft's new board chairman John Thompson". ZDNet. February 4, 2014. 
^ "Nomination of Symantec CEO John W. Thompson as commerce secretary near, sources say". San Jose Mercury News. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ Puzzanghera, Jim (January 2009). "Commerce secretary may hail from Silicon Valley". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Outgoing Symantec CEO eyed for Commerce post". Denver Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Thompson top choice for commerce secretary: sources". Washington Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. [dead link]
^ "Obama nominates GOP senator for Commerce secretary". USA Today. January 2009. Archived from the original on February 6, 2009. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 


External links[edit]

John W. Thompson-Chairman-Microsoft
Speaking at Stanford



Preceded by
Bill Gates
Chairman of Microsoft
2014-
Succeeded by
incumbent








v
t
e


Microsoft






History
All topics





People
(list)





Founders




Bill Gates
Paul Allen






Board of directors




John W. Thompson (Chairman)
Satya Nadella (CEO)
Dina Dublon
Maria Klawe
David Marquardt
Charles Noski
Helmut Panke
Mason Morfit
John W. Stanton






Senior leadership team




Satya Nadella (CEO)
Scott Guthrie
Amy Hood (CFO)
Terry Myerson
Harry Shum






Corporate VPs




Gabe Aul (VP)
Joe Belfiore
Richard Rashid (SVP)
S. Somasegar (SVP)








Divisions



Engineering groups

Mobile
Skype unit


Digital Crimes Unit
Garage
Press
Research
Studios
.NET Foundation
Outercurve Foundation





Estates



Microsoft Redmond campus
Microsoft Talo
Microsoft Algeria
Microsoft Egypt
Microsoft India
Microsoft Japan





Product families



Operating systems

Windows


Software

Office
Servers
Visual Studio


Hardware

HoloLens
Surface
Xbox







Web properties



Bing
Channel 9
CodePlex
Developer Network
MSN
Mixer
Office.com
OneDrive
Outlook.com
TechNet
Windows Store





Conferences



Build
MIX
PDC
TechEd
WinHEC
Inspire





Criticism



Bundling of Microsoft Windows
Clippy
iLoo
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Bob
_NSAKEY
Windows

ME
XP
Vista
10







Litigation



Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft
Apple v. Microsoft
European Union Microsoft competition case
Microsoft v. Lindows
Microsoft vs. MikeRoweSoft
Microsoft v. Shah
United States v. Microsoft





Acquisitions



6Wunderkinder
Altamira Software
aQuantive
Azyxxi
The Blue Ribbon SoundWorks
Beam
Bungie
Calista Technologies
Colloquis
Connectix
Consumers Software
Danger
Farecast
FASA Studio
Fast Search & Transfer
Firefly
Forethought
GIANT Company Software
GreenButton
Groove Networks
High Heat: Major League Baseball
Hotmail
Jellyfish.com
LinkExchange
Lionhead Studios
Maluuba
Massive Incorporated
Mobile Data Labs
Mojang
Nokia Devices and Services
Onfolio
Pando Networks
Perceptive Pixel
PlaceWare
Powerset
ProClarity
Rare
Revolution Analytics
ScreenTonic
Secure Islands
Simplygon
Skype
Sunrise Atelier
SwiftKey
Winternals Software
Teleo
Telekinesys Research
Tellme Networks
Twisted Pixel Games
Vermeer Technologies
Visio Corporation
Vivaty
VoloMetrix
VXtreme
WebTV Networks
Xamarin
Yammer
Yupi
LinkedIn








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_W._Thompson&oldid=789972133"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleDirectors of MicrosoftAmerican technology chief executivesIBM employeesMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT Sloan School of Management alumniMIT Sloan FellowsFlorida A&M University alumniSymantec peopleAfrican-American business executivesPeople from Fort DixHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from September 2010Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschفارسیNorsk bokmålSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 19:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John W. Thompson - Wikipedia






















 






John W. Thompson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see John Thompson (disambiguation).


John W. Thompson



John W. Thompson



Born
John Wendell Thompson
(1949-04-24) April 24, 1949 (age 68)
Fort Dix, New Jersey, United States


Alma mater
Florida A&M University
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Occupation
CEO of Virtual Instruments
Chairman of Microsoft
Illumio Board Member
Illumina Board of Directors[1]


Employer
IBM (1971–1999)
Symantec (1999–2009)
Microsoft (2014–present)


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949)[2] is an American CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and the former chief executive officer (CEO) of Symantec. Thompson later became an independent director on the board of Microsoft, and on February 4, 2014, he was named the chairman of the board.[3] He led the search for Microsoft's next CEO; as a result, Satya Nadella was selected.[4]



Contents


1 Personal life
2 Professional life

2.1 Board memberships


3 Political activity
4 References
5 External links



Personal life[edit]
Born at Fort Dix, New Jersey, Thompson attended John F. Kennedy High School in Riviera Beach, Florida (now Suncoast Community High School). He received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida A&M University in 1971 and an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management in 1983. A large advocate of outdoor conservation, he works largely with Ducks Unlimited.
Professional life[edit]
Before moving on to become Symantec's CEO in 1999, Thompson's 28-year career with IBM Corporation included senior executive positions in sales, marketing and software development, and lastly as general manager of IBM Americas as well as membership in the company’s Worldwide Management Council.
In September 2002, Thompson was appointed to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee (NIAC) which makes recommendations regarding the security of the critical infrastructure of the United States.
Thompson purchased a 20 percent share of the Golden State Warriors NBA team in 2005 along with three other Silicon Valley businessmen under the umbrella of the Bay Area Basketball Partners, L.L.C.
In April 2006, Forbes published a list of the most highly compensated CEOs. Thompson was ranked #8 with a total compensation of US$71.84 million.[5]
Thompson retired from his post as CEO of Symantec on April 4, 2009, turning the company's reins over to long-time Symantec executive Enrique Salem.
Board memberships[edit]

Illinois Governor's Human Resource Advisory Council
Teach For America
Illumio[6]
Liquid Robotics[7]

In 2010, Thompson was recognized for his commitment to education in Silicon Valley at the Silicon Valley Education Foundation's 2010 Pioneers & Purpose event. He received the Pioneer Business Leader award, which is awarded to individuals who have achieved outstanding accomplishments in business and education.
On February 4, 2014, Thompson was appointed as chairman of Microsoft, succeeding Bill Gates.[8] Prior to being named chairman, Thompson had been a member of the Microsoft Board for two years. He stated that he joined the board because he had "admired Microsoft for many, many, many years". Thompson said he considered Microsoft to be "one of the true, iconic companies in our country".[9]
Political activity[edit]
Thompson was a strong supporter of Barack Obama's campaign during the 2008 election cycle.[10] In January 2009, news sources reported that President-elect Obama was considering Thompson to fill the Secretary of Commerce post in the Obama administration.[11][12][13] Ultimately, Senator Judd Gregg was chosen for the post[14] but withdrew his name on Thursday, February 12. Thompson again remained a potential candidate until the successful appointment of Gary Locke.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi appointed Thompson to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2009.
References[edit]


^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170220005178/en/Illumina-Names-John-W.-Thompson-Board-Directors
^ John W. Thompson
^ http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2014/feb14/02-04newspr.aspx
^ Hughes, Alan (September 2004). "The best CEO in Silicon Valley: John Thompson has transformed Symantec into a multibillion-dollar security software juggernaut". Black Enterprise. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "John W Thompson, CEO Compensation". Forbes. April 2006. Retrieved 2006-06-07. 
^ http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/11/10/microsoft-chairman-thompson-joins-board-of-security-startup-illumio/
^ http://liquidr.com/company/leadership/bod.html
^ "Bill Gates steps down as chairman, will assist new CEO as 'technology advisor'". The Verge. Retrieved 4 February 2014.  "Gates will be succeeded as chairman by John Thompson, who joined Microsoft's board in February of 2012. Thompson is currently the CEO of Virtual Instruments and previously served as CEO and chairman of Symantec."
^ "Meet Microsoft's new board chairman John Thompson". ZDNet. February 4, 2014. 
^ "Nomination of Symantec CEO John W. Thompson as commerce secretary near, sources say". San Jose Mercury News. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ Puzzanghera, Jim (January 2009). "Commerce secretary may hail from Silicon Valley". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Outgoing Symantec CEO eyed for Commerce post". Denver Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Thompson top choice for commerce secretary: sources". Washington Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. [dead link]
^ "Obama nominates GOP senator for Commerce secretary". USA Today. January 2009. Archived from the original on February 6, 2009. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 


External links[edit]

John W. Thompson-Chairman-Microsoft
Speaking at Stanford



Preceded by
Bill Gates
Chairman of Microsoft
2014-
Succeeded by
incumbent








v
t
e


Microsoft






History
All topics





People
(list)





Founders




Bill Gates
Paul Allen






Board of directors




John W. Thompson (Chairman)
Satya Nadella (CEO)
Dina Dublon
Maria Klawe
David Marquardt
Charles Noski
Helmut Panke
Mason Morfit
John W. Stanton






Senior leadership team




Satya Nadella (CEO)
Scott Guthrie
Amy Hood (CFO)
Terry Myerson
Harry Shum






Corporate VPs




Gabe Aul (VP)
Joe Belfiore
Richard Rashid (SVP)
S. Somasegar (SVP)








Divisions



Engineering groups

Mobile
Skype unit


Digital Crimes Unit
Garage
Press
Research
Studios
.NET Foundation
Outercurve Foundation





Estates



Microsoft Redmond campus
Microsoft Talo
Microsoft Algeria
Microsoft Egypt
Microsoft India
Microsoft Japan





Product families



Operating systems

Windows


Software

Office
Servers
Visual Studio


Hardware

HoloLens
Surface
Xbox







Web properties



Bing
Channel 9
CodePlex
Developer Network
MSN
Mixer
Office.com
OneDrive
Outlook.com
TechNet
Windows Store





Conferences



Build
MIX
PDC
TechEd
WinHEC
Inspire





Criticism



Bundling of Microsoft Windows
Clippy
iLoo
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Bob
_NSAKEY
Windows

ME
XP
Vista
10







Litigation



Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft
Apple v. Microsoft
European Union Microsoft competition case
Microsoft v. Lindows
Microsoft vs. MikeRoweSoft
Microsoft v. Shah
United States v. Microsoft





Acquisitions



6Wunderkinder
Altamira Software
aQuantive
Azyxxi
The Blue Ribbon SoundWorks
Beam
Bungie
Calista Technologies
Colloquis
Connectix
Consumers Software
Danger
Farecast
FASA Studio
Fast Search & Transfer
Firefly
Forethought
GIANT Company Software
GreenButton
Groove Networks
High Heat: Major League Baseball
Hotmail
Jellyfish.com
LinkExchange
Lionhead Studios
Maluuba
Massive Incorporated
Mobile Data Labs
Mojang
Nokia Devices and Services
Onfolio
Pando Networks
Perceptive Pixel
PlaceWare
Powerset
ProClarity
Rare
Revolution Analytics
ScreenTonic
Secure Islands
Simplygon
Skype
Sunrise Atelier
SwiftKey
Winternals Software
Teleo
Telekinesys Research
Tellme Networks
Twisted Pixel Games
Vermeer Technologies
Visio Corporation
Vivaty
VoloMetrix
VXtreme
WebTV Networks
Xamarin
Yammer
Yupi
LinkedIn








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_W._Thompson&oldid=789972133"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleDirectors of MicrosoftAmerican technology chief executivesIBM employeesMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT Sloan School of Management alumniMIT Sloan FellowsFlorida A&M University alumniSymantec peopleAfrican-American business executivesPeople from Fort DixHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from September 2010Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschفارسیNorsk bokmålSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 19:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John W. Thompson - Wikipedia






















 






John W. Thompson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see John Thompson (disambiguation).


John W. Thompson



John W. Thompson



Born
John Wendell Thompson
(1949-04-24) April 24, 1949 (age 68)
Fort Dix, New Jersey, United States


Alma mater
Florida A&M University
Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Occupation
CEO of Virtual Instruments
Chairman of Microsoft
Illumio Board Member
Illumina Board of Directors[1]


Employer
IBM (1971–1999)
Symantec (1999–2009)
Microsoft (2014–present)


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949)[2] is an American CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and the former chief executive officer (CEO) of Symantec. Thompson later became an independent director on the board of Microsoft, and on February 4, 2014, he was named the chairman of the board.[3] He led the search for Microsoft's next CEO; as a result, Satya Nadella was selected.[4]



Contents


1 Personal life
2 Professional life

2.1 Board memberships


3 Political activity
4 References
5 External links



Personal life[edit]
Born at Fort Dix, New Jersey, Thompson attended John F. Kennedy High School in Riviera Beach, Florida (now Suncoast Community High School). He received a Bachelor of Business Administration from Florida A&M University in 1971 and an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management in 1983. A large advocate of outdoor conservation, he works largely with Ducks Unlimited.
Professional life[edit]
Before moving on to become Symantec's CEO in 1999, Thompson's 28-year career with IBM Corporation included senior executive positions in sales, marketing and software development, and lastly as general manager of IBM Americas as well as membership in the company’s Worldwide Management Council.
In September 2002, Thompson was appointed to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee (NIAC) which makes recommendations regarding the security of the critical infrastructure of the United States.
Thompson purchased a 20 percent share of the Golden State Warriors NBA team in 2005 along with three other Silicon Valley businessmen under the umbrella of the Bay Area Basketball Partners, L.L.C.
In April 2006, Forbes published a list of the most highly compensated CEOs. Thompson was ranked #8 with a total compensation of US$71.84 million.[5]
Thompson retired from his post as CEO of Symantec on April 4, 2009, turning the company's reins over to long-time Symantec executive Enrique Salem.
Board memberships[edit]

Illinois Governor's Human Resource Advisory Council
Teach For America
Illumio[6]
Liquid Robotics[7]

In 2010, Thompson was recognized for his commitment to education in Silicon Valley at the Silicon Valley Education Foundation's 2010 Pioneers & Purpose event. He received the Pioneer Business Leader award, which is awarded to individuals who have achieved outstanding accomplishments in business and education.
On February 4, 2014, Thompson was appointed as chairman of Microsoft, succeeding Bill Gates.[8] Prior to being named chairman, Thompson had been a member of the Microsoft Board for two years. He stated that he joined the board because he had "admired Microsoft for many, many, many years". Thompson said he considered Microsoft to be "one of the true, iconic companies in our country".[9]
Political activity[edit]
Thompson was a strong supporter of Barack Obama's campaign during the 2008 election cycle.[10] In January 2009, news sources reported that President-elect Obama was considering Thompson to fill the Secretary of Commerce post in the Obama administration.[11][12][13] Ultimately, Senator Judd Gregg was chosen for the post[14] but withdrew his name on Thursday, February 12. Thompson again remained a potential candidate until the successful appointment of Gary Locke.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi appointed Thompson to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in 2009.
References[edit]


^ http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170220005178/en/Illumina-Names-John-W.-Thompson-Board-Directors
^ John W. Thompson
^ http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/news/press/2014/feb14/02-04newspr.aspx
^ Hughes, Alan (September 2004). "The best CEO in Silicon Valley: John Thompson has transformed Symantec into a multibillion-dollar security software juggernaut". Black Enterprise. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "John W Thompson, CEO Compensation". Forbes. April 2006. Retrieved 2006-06-07. 
^ http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2014/11/10/microsoft-chairman-thompson-joins-board-of-security-startup-illumio/
^ http://liquidr.com/company/leadership/bod.html
^ "Bill Gates steps down as chairman, will assist new CEO as 'technology advisor'". The Verge. Retrieved 4 February 2014.  "Gates will be succeeded as chairman by John Thompson, who joined Microsoft's board in February of 2012. Thompson is currently the CEO of Virtual Instruments and previously served as CEO and chairman of Symantec."
^ "Meet Microsoft's new board chairman John Thompson". ZDNet. February 4, 2014. 
^ "Nomination of Symantec CEO John W. Thompson as commerce secretary near, sources say". San Jose Mercury News. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ Puzzanghera, Jim (January 2009). "Commerce secretary may hail from Silicon Valley". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Outgoing Symantec CEO eyed for Commerce post". Denver Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. 
^ "Thompson top choice for commerce secretary: sources". Washington Post. January 2009. Retrieved 2009-01-28. [dead link]
^ "Obama nominates GOP senator for Commerce secretary". USA Today. January 2009. Archived from the original on February 6, 2009. Retrieved 2010-05-07. 


External links[edit]

John W. Thompson-Chairman-Microsoft
Speaking at Stanford



Preceded by
Bill Gates
Chairman of Microsoft
2014-
Succeeded by
incumbent








v
t
e


Microsoft






History
All topics





People
(list)





Founders




Bill Gates
Paul Allen






Board of directors




John W. Thompson (Chairman)
Satya Nadella (CEO)
Dina Dublon
Maria Klawe
David Marquardt
Charles Noski
Helmut Panke
Mason Morfit
John W. Stanton






Senior leadership team




Satya Nadella (CEO)
Scott Guthrie
Amy Hood (CFO)
Terry Myerson
Harry Shum






Corporate VPs




Gabe Aul (VP)
Joe Belfiore
Richard Rashid (SVP)
S. Somasegar (SVP)








Divisions



Engineering groups

Mobile
Skype unit


Digital Crimes Unit
Garage
Press
Research
Studios
.NET Foundation
Outercurve Foundation





Estates



Microsoft Redmond campus
Microsoft Talo
Microsoft Algeria
Microsoft Egypt
Microsoft India
Microsoft Japan





Product families



Operating systems

Windows


Software

Office
Servers
Visual Studio


Hardware

HoloLens
Surface
Xbox







Web properties



Bing
Channel 9
CodePlex
Developer Network
MSN
Mixer
Office.com
OneDrive
Outlook.com
TechNet
Windows Store





Conferences



Build
MIX
PDC
TechEd
WinHEC
Inspire





Criticism



Bundling of Microsoft Windows
Clippy
iLoo
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Bob
_NSAKEY
Windows

ME
XP
Vista
10







Litigation



Alcatel-Lucent v. Microsoft
Apple v. Microsoft
European Union Microsoft competition case
Microsoft v. Lindows
Microsoft vs. MikeRoweSoft
Microsoft v. Shah
United States v. Microsoft





Acquisitions



6Wunderkinder
Altamira Software
aQuantive
Azyxxi
The Blue Ribbon SoundWorks
Beam
Bungie
Calista Technologies
Colloquis
Connectix
Consumers Software
Danger
Farecast
FASA Studio
Fast Search & Transfer
Firefly
Forethought
GIANT Company Software
GreenButton
Groove Networks
High Heat: Major League Baseball
Hotmail
Jellyfish.com
LinkExchange
Lionhead Studios
Maluuba
Massive Incorporated
Mobile Data Labs
Mojang
Nokia Devices and Services
Onfolio
Pando Networks
Perceptive Pixel
PlaceWare
Powerset
ProClarity
Rare
Revolution Analytics
ScreenTonic
Secure Islands
Simplygon
Skype
Sunrise Atelier
SwiftKey
Winternals Software
Teleo
Telekinesys Research
Tellme Networks
Twisted Pixel Games
Vermeer Technologies
Visio Corporation
Vivaty
VoloMetrix
VXtreme
WebTV Networks
Xamarin
Yammer
Yupi
LinkedIn








 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_W._Thompson&oldid=789972133"					
Categories: 1949 birthsLiving peopleDirectors of MicrosoftAmerican technology chief executivesIBM employeesMassachusetts Institute of Technology alumniMIT Sloan School of Management alumniMIT Sloan FellowsFlorida A&M University alumniSymantec peopleAfrican-American business executivesPeople from Fort DixHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from September 2010Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaDanskDeutschفارسیNorsk bokmålSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 19:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








John Wendell Thompson: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 5:18 PM ET
Software

Company Overview of PernixData, Inc



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
John Wendell Thompson  Advisor, PernixData, IncAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 13 different industries.See Board Relationships68--
Background

		Mr. John Wendell Thompson serves as an Advisor of PernixData, Inc. Mr. Thompson serves as the President of Junction Engineering Ltd. He serves as Strategic Advisor of Contrast Security, Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at Virtual Instruments Corporation from May 2010 to April 7, 2016. He joined Virtual Instruments as an investor in 2009. He served as the President of Symantec Corporation from April 1999 to January 2002 and served as its Chief Executive Officer ... from April 1999 to April 2009. Mr. Thompson served as the Chief Executive Officer of Veritas Software Corp. He had a distinguished career with the International Business Machines Corporation. He worked for 28 years at International Business Machines Corporation, where he held a number of leadership positions, including sales, marketing, software development. He served as General Manager of IBM Americas at International Business Machines Corporation. He has 28 years of prior leadership experience at IBM. He has been the Independent Chairman of Microsoft Corporation since February 4, 2014. He served as the Chairman of Veritas Software Corp. He served as the Chairman of Symantec Corporation since April 1999. He has been an Independent Director of Microsoft Corporation since February 20, 2012 and served as its Lead Independent Director from November 2012 to February 4, 2014. He has been a Director of Illumio, Inc. since November 10, 2014 and Illumina, Inc. May 3, 2017. Mr. Thompson served as a Director of Virtual Instruments Corporation from October 2009 to April 7, 2016. He served as a Director of Veritas Software Technology Corporation since November 2000. He serves as a Director of Liquid Robotics. He serves as a Director of Domo Technologies, Inc. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of ECL Group of Companies Ltd. He served as an Independent Director of United Parcel Service, Inc. from 2000 to May 2, 2013. He served as a Director of Seagate Technology Public Limited Company from November 2000 to October 26, 2011. He served as a Director of Crystal Decisions Inc. since February 2001 and Northern Indiana Public Service Company, Inc. since 1993. He served as a Director of JovianDATA. Mr. Thompson served as a Member of Advisory Board of ITM Software Corp. He served as a Director of Teach For America, Inc., Veritas Software Corp., Seagate Software (Cayman) Holdings Corporation. He served as a Director of NiSource Inc. from 1993 to August 24, 2005 and Symantec Corporation from 1999 to 2011. Since 2009, he has been an active investor in early-stage technology companies in Silicon Valley. In September 2002, President George W. Bush appointed Mr. Thompson to the National Infrastructure Advisory Committee (NIAC). He serves as the Chairman of the Silicon Valley Blue Ribbon Task Force on Aviation Security and Technology. He was a member of IBM's Worldwide Management Council. In May 2008, he received an Honorary Doctorate Degree from Notre Dame University. Mr. Thompson holds a Master's Degree in Management Science from MIT’s Sloan School of Management and BA Degree in Business Administration from Florida A&M University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1735 North 1st StreetSan Jose, California 95112United StatesPhone: 650-642-3998Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Member of The Board of DirectorsDomo, Inc.2012-PresentIndependent ChairmanMicrosoft Corporation2014-PresentMember of Board of DirectorsIllumio, Inc.2017-PresentDirectorIllumina, Inc.
Education
BA Florida A & M UniversityMaster's Degree MIT Sloan School of Management
Other Affiliations
Microsoft CorporationIllumina, Inc.Veritas Software Technology CorporationSymantec CorporationVeritas Software Corp.International Business Machines CorporationUnited Parcel Service, Inc.NiSource Inc.Northern Indiana Public Service Company, Inc.Crystal Decisions Inc.ITM Software Corp.Seagate Technology plcFlorida A & M UniversityECL Group Of Companies Ltd.Teach For America, Inc.MIT Sloan School of ManagementVirtual Instruments CorporationJovianDATA, Inc.Domo, Inc.Illumio, Inc.Contrast Security, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PernixData, Inc, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MSFT John Wendell Thompson Insider Trades for Microsoft Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Microsoft Corp.

                  NASDAQ: MSFT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Microsoft Corp.



After Hours
 --Real time quotes
Jul 21, 2017, 5:18 p.m.


MSFT

/quotes/zigman/20493/composite


$
73.67




Change

-0.12
-0.16%

Volume
Volume 1.04m
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/20493/composite
Today's close

$
			74.22
		


$
				73.79
			
Change

-0.43
-0.58%





Day low
Day high
$73.17
$74.29










52 week low
52 week high

            $55.61
        

            $74.30
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




John Wendell Thompson



Dr. John W. Thompson is Independent Chairman at Microsoft Corp. and Chief Executive Officer & Director at Virtual Instruments Corp. He  is on the Board of Directors at Virtual Instruments Corp., Illumio, Inc., JovianDATA, Inc. and Liquid Robotics, Inc. 
Dr. Thompson was previously employed as Independent Director by United Parcel Service, Inc., General Manager by International Business Machines Corp., Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Symantec Corp., and a Trustee by Wetlands America Trust, Inc. He also served on the board at Seagate Technology Plc, Beam Suntory, Inc., Crystal Decisions, Inc., Domo, Inc., NiSource, Inc., Northern Indiana Public Service Co., Seagate Technology LLC and Teach For America, Inc. 
He received his undergraduate degree from Florida A&M University and a graduate degree from MIT Sloan School of Management.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





08/05/2014
23,194


 
Acquisition at $43.12 per share.


1,000,125





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Satya  Nadella 
Chief Executive Officer & Non-Independent Director




Mr. Bradford L. Smith 
President & Chief Legal Officer




Mr. Jean-Philippe  Courtois 
President-Global Sales, Marketing & Operations




Ms. Amy E. Hood 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. James Kevin Scott 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Frank Henry Brod 
CAO, Vice President-Finance & Administration




Mr. Kurt D. DelBene 
Chief Digital Officer & EVP-Corporate Strategy




Mr. Phil  Spencer 
Corporate Vice President-Xbox




Mr. César  Cernuda Rego 
Vice President




Dr. Harry  Shum 
EVP-Artificial Intelligence & Research Group




Mr. Hui  Xu 
GM-Greater China Customer Support & Services




Ms. Kathryn  Willson 
Director-Cities Solutions




Mr. Michael D. Deeks 
Senior Software Engineer




Mr. J. J. Zhuang 
Partner Architect




Mr. Terry  Myerson 
Executive Vice President-Windows and Devices Group




Mr. Brian Kurt Tuskan 
Senior Director-Security Technology




Mr. Bernard  Dakar 
Director-Business Process Transformation




Ms. Julie  Larson-Green 
Chief Experience Officer




Mr. Michael  Gough 
Vice President-Design




Mr. Joseph D. Rozek 
Executive Director-Homeland Security




Ms. Margaret L. Johnson 
Executive Vice President-Business Development




Mr. Jeff  Teper 
Vice President




Mr. Tony A. Prophet 
Corporate Vice President-Education Marketing




Mr. Judson  Althoff 
Executive VP-Worldwide Commercial Business




Mr. David M. O'Hara 
Chief Financial Officer-Online Services Division




Mr. Marc E. Brown 
General Manager-Corporate Development




Mr. Ravi  Narayan 
Global Director-Microsoft Accelerator




Ms. Annica Elmehagen  Lundquist 
Senior Account Executive




Mr. Reid G. Hoffman 
Director




Mr. William H. Gates 
Non-Independent Director




Mr. Christopher C. Capossela 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Vikas  Mehta 
Director-Investor Relations




Mr. Chris  Suh 
General Manager-Investor Relations




Ms. Kathleen  Hogan 
Executive Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. John A. Seethoff 
Secretary




Dr. John Wendell Thompson 
Independent Chairman




Dr. Padmasree Y. Warrior 
Independent Director




Ms. Sandra E. Peterson 
Independent Director




Mr. Charles W. Scharf 
Independent Director




Ms. Teri L. List-Stoll 
Independent Director




Mr. John W. Stanton 
Independent Director




Mr. Garrison Mason Morfit 
Independent Director




Dr. Helmut Gunter Wilhelm Panke 
Independent Non-Executive Director




Mr. Charles H. Noski 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:18 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
4:51pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
4:51pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
4:48pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
4:41pU.S. to drop charges against ex-J.P. Morgan traders in London Whale case
4:35pScaramucci: Priebus and I Are Like Brothers
4:34pTrump Today: President says he shook up communications team to ‘make America great again’
4:32pAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
4:31pTrump's Statement on Spicer Departure
4:30pChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
4:29pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower 
4:26pBREAKINGU.S. to drop charges against ex-J.P. Morgan traders in London Whale case
4:25p30-year Treasury yield notches largest weekly fall in more than 3 months
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON
Check out list of companies and businesses related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON. Find out JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON address and contact details. View other people related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

    




Companies related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000789019MICROSOFT CORPDirector ONE MICROSOFT WAY  REDMOND 98052-63990000849399SYMANTEC CORPCEO, Chairman 350 ELLIS STREET  MOUNTAIN VIEW 940430001090727UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INC55 GLENLAKE PARKWAY NE  ATLANTA 303280001110803ILLUMINA INCDirector 5200 ILLUMINA WAY  SAN DIEGO 92122




JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON on the Web
Persons related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON - MICROSOFT CORPNamePositionCityJAMES E  ALLCHINGroup Vice President REDMONDROBERT J  BACHSenior Vice President REDMONDROBERT J  BACHPresident, Entertainment Div. REDMONDROBERT J  BACHREDMONDSTEVEN A  BALLMERDirector REDMONDAnthony John  BatesEVP, Bus Dev/Evangelism REDMONDFRANK H  BRODChief Accounting Officer MIDLANDFRANK H  BRODChief Accounting Officer REDMONDLisa E  BrummelExecutive Vice President, HR REDMONDDOUGLAS J  BURGUMSenior Vice President REDMONDDOUGLAS J  BURGUMREDMONDChristopher C  CaposselaEVP, Chief Marketing Officer REDMONDJAMES I  CASHDirector REDMONDDAVID WAYNE  COLESenior Vice President REDMONDDAVID WAYNE  COLEREDMONDJOHN G  CONNORSSenior Vice President and CFO REDMONDJEAN PHILIPPE  COURTOISExecutive Vice President REDMONDJEAN PHILIPPE  COURTOISSenior Vice President REDMONDKurt D  DelBenePresident, Offfice Division REDMONDKENNETH A  DEPIETROCorporate Vice President REDMONDValerio J Scott  DiChief Accounting Officer REDMONDDINA  DUBLONDirector REDMONDSTEPHEN A  ELOPPresident, Business Division REDMONDWILLIAM H  GATES IIIDirector REDMONDRAYMOND V  GILMARTINDirector REDMONDREED  HASTINGSDirector LOS GATOSReid  HoffmanDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWKathleen T  HoganEVP, Human Resources REDMONDAmy  HoodEVP, Chief Financial Officer REDMONDKEVIN R  JOHNSONGroup Vice President REDMONDKEVIN R  JOHNSONPresident, Platforms/Services REDMONDMargaret L  JohnsonEVP, Business Development SAN DIEGOMargaret L  JohnsonEVP, Bus Dev & Strategy REDMONDMaria  KlaweDirector REDMONDPeter S  KleinChief Financial Officer REDMONDANN MCLAUGHLIN  KOROLOGOSDirector REDMONDCHRISTOPHER P  LIDDELLChief Financial Officer REDMONDTeri L.  ListDirector WASHINGTONTeri L.  ListDirector REDMONDQi  LuPresident, Online Services REDMONDSTEPHEN J  LUCZODirector REDMONDDAVID F  MARQUARDTDAVID F  MARQUARDTDirector REDMONDMICH  MATHEWSenior Vice President REDMONDG Mason  MorfitDirector SAN FRANCISCOG Mason  MorfitDirector SAN FRANCISCOROBERT L  MUGLIAREDMONDROBERT L  MUGLIAREDMONDROBERT L  MUGLIASenior Vice President REDMONDCRAIG J  MUNDIESenior Vice President REDMONDCRAIG J  MUNDIEChief ResearchStrategy Officer REDMONDSatya  NadellaChief Executive Officer REDMONDSatya  NadellaChief Executive Officer REDMONDCHARLES H  NOSKIDirector CHARLES H  NOSKIDirector REDMONDRaymond E  OzzieChief Software Architect REDMONDHELMUT  PANKEDirector REDMONDHELMUT  PANKEDirector REDMONDSANDRA E  PETERSONDirector JEFFREY S  RAIKESGroup Vice President REDMONDJEFFREY S  RAIKESPresident, Business Division REDMONDWILLIAM  REED JRWILLIAM  REED JRDirector SEATTLEWILLIAM  REED JRDirector SEATTLEWILLIAM  REED JRSEATTLETami  RellerEVP, Marketing REDMONDERIC D  RUDDERSenior Vice President REDMONDERIC D  RUDDEREVP Adv Strat/Research REDMONDCHARLES W  SCHARFDirector CHARLES W  SCHARFDirector REDMONDJON A  SHIRLEYDirector REDMONDJON A  SHIRLEYDirector REDMONDHeung-Yeung  ShumEVP, Technology and Research REDMONDSTEVEN J  SINOFSKYREDMONDSTEVEN J  SINOFSKYPresident, Windows Division REDMONDBRADFORD L  SMITHPresident REDMONDBRADFORD L  SMITHExecutive Vice President REDMONDJOHN W  STANTONDirector BELLEVUEJOHN W  STANTONDirector REDMONDJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector REDMONDJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONREDMONDBRIAN KEVIN  TURNERChief Operating Officer BENTONVILLEBRIAN KEVIN  TURNERChief Operating Officer REDMONDVA Partners I, LLCSAN FRANCISCOVA Partners I, LLCSAN FRANCISCOValueAct Capital Management, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Capital Management, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Capital Management, LLCSAN FRANCISCOValueAct Capital Management, LLCSAN FRANCISCOValueAct Capital Master Fund, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Capital Master Fund, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Co-Invest Master Fund, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Co-Invest Master Fund, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Holdings GP, LLCSAN FRANCISCOValueAct Holdings GP, LLCSAN FRANCISCOValueAct Holdings, L.P.SAN FRANCISCOValueAct Holdings, L.P.SAN FRANCISCODAVID  VASKEVITCHSenior Vice President REDMONDDAVID  VASKEVITCHSenior Vice President REDMONDPADMASREE  WARRIORDirector KILDEERPersons related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON - SYMANTEC CORPNamePositionCityTANIA  AMOCHAEVDirector CUPERTINOTANIA  AMOCHAEV CUPERTINOJAMES A  BEEREVP and CFO CUPERTINOJAMES A  BEERCUPERTINOJAMES A  BEEREVP and CFO MOUNTAIN VIEWSTEPHEN M  BENNETTPresident and CEO MOUNTAIN VIEWGARY L  BLOOMVice-Chairman and President CUPERTINOJOHN F  BRIGDENSVP, General Counsel CUPERTINOMICHAEL A/CA  BROWNCEO SAN MATEOMICHAEL A/CA  BROWNPresident and CEO MOUNTAIN VIEWMICHAEL A/CA  BROWNDirector CUPERTINOPhillip A.  BullockSVP & Chief Accounting Officer MOUNTAIN VIEWJEREMY  BURTONSVP, ESDM CUPERTINOGREGORY S  BUTTERFIELDGroup President, Altiris Div CUPERTINOMatthew M  CainEVP, Veritas Chief Product Off MOUNTAIN VIEWAmy L.  Cappellanti-WolfSVP, Chief Human Resource Off. MOUNTAIN VIEWJANICE  CHAFFINChief Marketing Officer REDWOOD CITYJANICE  CHAFFINGroup Pres.,Consumer Bus. Unit CUPERTINOJANICE  CHAFFINGroup Pres.,Consumer Bus. Unit MOUNTAIN VIEWGregory S.  ClarkCEO SUNNYVALEWILLIAM T  COLEMAN IIICUPERTINOWILLIAM T  COLEMAN IIIDirector CUPERTINOWILLIAM T  COLEMAN IIIDirector CUPERTINOWILLIAM T  COLEMAN IIIDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWART  COURVILLESVP, General Counsel CUPERTINOART  COURVILLEEVP, Gen. Counsel & Secretary CUPERTINOSTEPHEN GARTH  CULLENVP, SPS CUPERTINOSTEPHEN GARTH  CULLENVP, SPS STEPHEN GARTH  CULLENSVP Security Prod.& Solution CUPERTINOFrank E  DangeardDirector CUPERTINOFrank E  DangeardDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWMATTO ANDREW H  DELSVP and CAO MOUNTAIN VIEWFrancis A  deSouzaPresident, Products & Services MOUNTAIN VIEWRoxane  DivolEVP and GM, Website Security ROCKFORDMichael David  FeyPresident and COO MOUNTAIN VIEWLIONS  FRANCISCUSDirector LIONS  FRANCISCUS CUPERTINODON  FRISCHMANNSVP, Communications & Brand Mg CUPERTINODON  FRISCHMANNSVP, Communications & Brand Mg CUPERTIONDON  FRISCHMANNSVP,Communications & Brand Mgt CUPERTINOJOHN B  GANNONMOUNTAIN VIEWMark S.  GarfieldSVP and CAO MOUNTAIN VIEWDIETER  GIESBRECHTSVP, WW Sales & Prof Services CUPERTINODIETER  GIESBRECHTSVP, GM Entp. Admin. Bus. Unit CUPERTINODIETER  GIESBRECHTSVP, Enterprise Admin Bus Grp CUPERTINOStephen  GillettEVP & Chief Operating Officer MOUNTAIN VIEWAjei  GopalVP, Technology CUPERTINOAjei  GopalSVP Tech/Dev CUPERTINOKRIS  HAGERMANGroup President, DCM CUPERTINOKRIS  HALVORSENDirector CUPERTINOGAIL  HAMILTONEVP Product Delivery, Response CUPERTINOGAIL  HAMILTONEVP Global Services & Support CUPERTINOKenneth  HaoDirector MENLO PARKGEORGE W  HARRINGTONSVP, Finance & CAO CUPERTINOGREGORY  HUGHESGroup Pres.,Enterprise Product MOUNTAIN VIEWGREGORY  HUGHESGroup Pres.,Enterprise Product CUPERTINODavid  HumphreyDirector BOSTONAdrian Michael  JonesEVP, Enterprise Security Sales MOUNTAIN VIEWTHOMAS WILLIAM  KENDRACUPERTINOTHOMAS WILLIAM  KENDRAGroup Pres., SDMG CUPERTINOGERALDINE B  LAYBOURNEDirector NEW YORKGERALDINE B  LAYBOURNEDirector CUPERTINOGERALDINE B  LAYBOURNEDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWDAVID L  MAHONEYDirector CUPERTINODAVID L  MAHONEYDirector CUPERTINODAVID L  MAHONEYDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWStephen C  MarkowskiVP,Finance & Chief Acct. Off. CUPERTINOROBERT STEVE  MILLERDirector ROBERT STEVE  MILLERDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWROBERT STEVE  MILLERDirector CUPERTINOROBERT STEVE  MILLERDirector CUPERTINOAmit  MitalEVP/GM, Emerging Endpoints,CTO MOUNTAIN VIEWGREG  MYERSSVP, CFO CUPERTINOGREG  MYERSSVP, CFO CUPERTINONicholas R  NovielloEVP & Chief Financial Officer SUNNYVALEWILLIAM ARTHUR  OWENSDirector CUPERTINOREBECCA  RANNINGERSVP, HR CUPERTINOREBECCA  RANNINGERSVP, HR CUPERTINOREBECCA  RANNINGEREVP, Chief Human Resource Off. CUPERTINOREBECCA  RANNINGEREVP, Chief Human Resource Off. MOUNTAIN VIEWDonald J.  RathMOUNTAIN VIEWGEORGE  REYESDirector CUPERTINOGEORGE  REYESDirector CUPERTINOWilliam T  RobbinsEVP, Worldwide Sales CUPERTINOWilliam T  RobbinsEVP, Worldwide Sales MOUNTAIN VIEWFrancis C  RoschEVP, Norton Business Unit MOUNTAIN VIEWDAVID J  ROUXDirector CUPERTINOEnrique T  SalemSVP CUPERTINOEnrique T  SalemSVP CUPERTINOEnrique T  SalemPresident & CEO CUPERTINOEnrique T  SalemPresident & CEO MOUNTAIN VIEWAnita M  SandsDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWDANIEL H  SCHULMANDirector DANIEL H  SCHULMANDirector CUPERTINODANIEL H  SCHULMANDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWJOHN  SCHWARZCOO, President CUPERTINOJOHN  SCHWARZCOO, President CUPERTINOTHOMAS J  SEIFERTEVP & Chief Financial Officer SUNNYVALETHOMAS J  SEIFERTEVP & Chief Financial Officer MOUNTAIN VIEWBrett  ShirkEVP, Veritas Worldwide Sales MOUNTAIN VIEWSilver Lake (Offshore) AIV GP IV, Ltd.MENLO PARKSilver Lake Technology Associates IV Cayman, L.P.MENLO PARKSLP IV Mustang GP, L.L.C.MENLO PARKSLP IV Mustang Holdings, L.P.MENLO PARKSLP IV Seal GP, L.L.C.MENLO PARKSLP IV Seal Holdings, L.P.MENLO PARKSLP IV Star GP, L.L.C.MENLO PARKSLP IV Star Holdings, L.P.MENLO PARKJohn F.  SorensenSVP, Global Enterprise Sales MOUNTAIN VIEWSCOTT C  TAYLOREVP, Gen. Counsel & Secretary MILPITASSCOTT C  TAYLOREVP, Gen. Counsel & Secretary CUPERTINOSCOTT C  TAYLOREVP, Gen. Counsel & Secretary MOUNTAIN VIEWJohn David  ThompsonGroup Pres., IT & Serv. Group CUPERTINOJohn David  ThompsonGroup President and CIO MOUNTAIN VIEWJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONCEO, Chairman JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector CUPERTINOJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONCUPERTINOJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWRowan M  TrollopeGroup Pres., SMB and .cloud MOUNTAIN VIEWV PAUL  UNRUHDirector V PAUL  UNRUHDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWV PAUL  UNRUHDirector CUPERTINOSuzanne M  VautrinotDirector MOUNTAIN VIEWBalaji  YelamanchiliEVP & GM, Enterprise Security MOUNTAIN VIEWPersons related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON - UNITED PARCEL SERVICE INCNamePositionCityDAVID P  ABNEYChairman and CEO ATLANTADAVID P  ABNEYSenior Vice President ATLANTADAVID P  ABNEYSenior Vice President ATLANTAF DUANE  ACKERMANDirector ATLANTARodney C  AdkinsDirector SOMERSRodney C  AdkinsDirector ATLANTAJames J.  BarberPresident, UPS International ATLANTADAVID A  BARNESSenior Vice President ATLANTADAVID A  BARNESSenior Vice President ATLANTAJOHN J  BEYSTEHNERJOHN J  BEYSTEHNERSenior Vice President ATLANTANorman M.  Brothers JrSr VP, Gen Counsel & Sec ATLANTADaniel J  BruttoSenior Vice President ATLANTAMICHAEL J  BURNSDirector TOLEDOMICHAEL J  BURNSDirector ATLANTACALVIN  DARDENCALVIN  DARDENSenior ATLANTAD SCOTT  DAVISDirector ATLANTAD SCOTT  DAVISDirector ATLANTASTUART E  EIZENSTATDirector ATLANTAMICHAEL L  ESKEWMICHAEL L  ESKEWDirector ATLANTATeresa M.  FinleyChief Mktng & Bus Serv Officer ATLANTAAlan  GershenhornEVP, Chief Commercial Officer ATLANTAMyron A  GrayPresident, US Operations ATLANTAKathleen M.  GutmannSVP, Sales & Solutions ATLANTAALLEN E  HILLSenior  Vice President ATLANTAWILLIAM R  JOHNSONDirector WILLIAM R  JOHNSONDirector ATLANTAJAMES P  KELLYDirector ATLANTACANDACE B  KENDLEDirector CINCINNATICANDACE B  KENDLEDirector ATLANTAKURT P  KUEHNSenior Vice President ATLANTAKURT P  KUEHNSenior Vice President KENNETH W  LACYKENNETH W  LACYSenior ATLANTAANN M  LIVERMOREDirector ANN M  LIVERMOREDirector ATLANTAGARY E  MACDOUGALGARY E  MACDOUGALDirector ATLANTAGARY E  MACDOUGALDirector ATLANTACHRISTOPHER D  MAHONEYCHRISTOPHER D  MAHONEYSenior ATLANTARudy  MarkhamDirector ATLANTATeri P  McClureCHRO & SVP, Labor Relations ATLANTATeri P  McClureSr VP, Gen Counsel & Sec ATLANTAJOHN J  MCDEVITTSenior Vice President JOHN J  MCDEVITTSenior Vice President ATLANTAJOSEPH R  MODEROWJOSEPH R  MODEROWSenior VP & ATLANTAFRANCK J  MOISONDirector NEW YORKMitchell R.  NicholsSenior Vice President ATLANTACHRISTINE M  OWENSSenior Vice President ATLANTAVICTOR A  PELSONVICTOR A  PELSONDirector ATLANTARichard N.  PeretzChief Financial Officer ATLANTAJuan R.  PerezChief Information Officer ATLANTAJOSEPH M  PYNEJOSEPH M  PYNESenior ATLANTAClark T. Jr.  RandtDirector OMAHAClark T. Jr.  RandtDirector OMAHALEA N  SOUPATASenior ATLANTALEA N  SOUPATAJOHN T  STANKEYDirector SAN ANTONIOJOHN T  STANKEYDirector ATLANTAROBERT E  STOFFEL JRSenior Vice President ATLANTAROBERT E  STOFFEL JRATLANTAROBERT M  TEETERROBERT M  TEETERDirector ATLANTAJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector ATLANTAJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector ATLANTACAROL B  TOMEDirector ATLANTACAROL B  TOMEATLANTABernardus Johannes Maria  VerwaayenDirector ATLANTAMark R.  WallaceSVP, Eng & Sustainability ATLANTAKevin M  WarshDirector ATLANTATHOMAS H  WEIDEMEYERTHOMAS H  WEIDEMEYERSenior ATLANTAJames F  Winestock JrSenior Vice President ATLANTAJames F  Winestock JrSenior Vice President ATLANTAPersons related to JOHN WENDELL  THOMPSON - ILLUMINA INCNamePositionCityARCH VENTURE FUND III L P10% Owner CHICAGOARCH VENTURE PARTNERS LLC10% Owner CHICAGOFRANCES  ARNOLDDirector SAN DIEGODAVID L  BARKERChief Scientific Officer SAN DIEGOPaul L  BianchiSr. VP, Human Resources SAN DIEGOMichel  BouchardChief Accounting Officer SAN DIEGOA BLAINE  BOWMANDirector A BLAINE  BOWMANDirector SAN DIEGOA BLAINE  BOWMANDirector SAN DIEGOA BLAINE  BOWMANDirector SAN DIEGODANIEL  BRADBURYDirector SAN DIEGODANIEL  BRADBURYDirector LA JOLLADANIEL  BRADBURYDirector SAN DIEGODANIEL  BRADBURYDirector SAN DIEGODANIEL  BRADBURYDirector SAN DIEGODANIEL  BRADBURYDirector SAN DIEGOCLINTON  BYBEE10% Owner CHICAGOCLINTON  BYBEE CHICAGOChristian  CabouSr VP & General Counsel SAN DIEGOChristian  CabouSr VP and General Counsel SAN DIEGOChristian  CabouSr. VP, General Counsel SAN DIEGOChristian  CabouSr VP & General Counsel SAN DIEGOPAULETTE D  CABRALVice President Human Resources SAN DIEGOKEITH  CRANDELL10% Owner CHICAGOKEITH  CRANDELL CHICAGOCW VENTURES III LP10% Owner NEW YORKCharles  DadswellSr VP & General Counsel SAN DIEGOFrancis A  deSouzaPresident and CEO MOUNTAIN VIEWFrancis A  deSouzaPresident SAN DIEGOCAROLINE  DORSADirector WHITEHOUSE STATIONDAVID C  DOUGLASVice President Manufacturing SAN DIEGOKARIN  EASTHAMDirector KARIN  EASTHAMDirector SAN DIEGOKARIN  EASTHAMDirector SAN DIEGOKARIN  EASTHAMDirector SAN DIEGOROBERT S  EPSTEINDirector FRANKLIN LAKESROBERT S  EPSTEINDirector SAN DIEGONOEMI C  ESPINOSAVP Intellectual Property SAN DIEGOJAY T  FLATLEYDirector SAN DIEGOJAY T  FLATLEYPresident & CEO SAN DIEGOJAY T  FLATLEYChief Executive Officer SAN DIEGOR SCOTT  GREERR SCOTT  GREERDirector MONTECITOPAUL C  GRINTDirector SAN DIEGOPAUL C  GRINTDirector SAN DIEGOPAUL C  GRINTDirector SAN DIEGOMalcolm Garret  HamptonSAN DIEGOGregory  HeathSr VP & General Manager SAN DIEGOGregory  HeathSAN DIEGOGregory  HeathSr VP & General Manager SAN DIEGOCHRISTIAN O  HENRYEVP & Chief Commercial Officer COSTA MESACHRISTIAN O  HENRYCFO, VP Finance COSTA MESACHRISTIAN O  HENRYSVP and CFO SAN DIEGOCHRISTIAN O  HENRYCFO, VP Finance SAN DIEGOCHRISTIAN O  HENRYSr VP & Chief Commercial Offic SAN DIEGOArthur  HoldenSr. VP Corp and Market Dev SAN DIEGOArthur  HoldenSr VP Corp & Market Dev SAN DIEGOJeff  HuberDirector REDWOOD CITYJeff  HuberDirector SAN DIEGOSCOTT D  KAHNChief Information Officer PRINCETONROBERT C  KAINVice President Engineering SAN DIEGOAlan  KerseyV.P. & Site Manager SAN DIEGOTIMOTHY M  KISHVP Finance & CFO SAN DIEGORichard  KlausnerSr VP, Chief Medical Officer SAN DIEGOSTEVEN  LAZARUS10% Owner CHICAGOMark L  LewisSr VP & General Manager SAN DIEGOKirk  MalloyV.P. of Customer Solutions SAN DIEGOJoel  McCombSr VP & General Manager SAN DIEGOGERALD  MOELLERDirector SAN DIEGOGERALD  MOELLERDirector SAN DIEGOGERALD  MOELLERDirector SAN DIEGONicholas  NaclerioSr VP, Corporate Development SAN DIEGONicholas  NaclerioSr VP & General Manager SAN DIEGONicholas  NaclerioSVP Corp & Venture Development SAN DIEGOROBERT  NELSENROBERT  NELSENDirector CHICAGOROBERT  NELSENDirector CHICAGOARNOLD R  OLIPHANTVP Scientific Operations SAN DIEGOTRISTAN  ORPINEVP Clinical Genomics SAN DIEGOTRISTAN  ORPINSr VP & Chief Commercial Offic SAN DIEGOTRISTAN  ORPINSr VP & Chief Commercial Offic SAN DIEGOOMEAD  OSTADANEVP Ops, Products, Strategy SAN DIEGOMatthew L.  PosardSr VP & General Manager SAN DIEGOGEORGE  POSTEWILLIAM H  RASTETTERDirector WILLIAM H  RASTETTERDirector SAN DIEGOWILLIAM H  RASTETTERDirector RANCHO SANTA FEWILLIAM H  RASTETTERDirector SAN DIEGOWILLIAM H  RASTETTERDirector SAN DIEGOMostafa  RonaghiSr VP & CTO SAN DIEGOMostafa  RonaghiSr VP & CTO SAN DIEGOSAMER ABDUL  SAMADSr. VP and CFO SAN DIEGOPHILIP W  SCHILLERDirector CUPERTINOMarc  StapleyEVP & Chief Administrative Ofc SAN DIEGOJOHN R  STUELPNAGELSr VP of Operations & COO SAN DIEGOJOHN R  STUELPNAGELSr VP and  COO SAN DIEGOJOHN WENDELL  THOMPSONDirector Oene Mark  VanSVP Chief Commercial Officer SAN DIEGODAVID R  WALTDirector BOSTONDAVID R  WALTDirector SAN DIEGODAVID R  WALTDirector BOSTONDAVID R  WALTDirector SAN DIEGODAVID R  WALTDirector SAN DIEGODAVID R  WALTDirector SAN DIEGOJohn  WestSr VP & GM DNA Sequencing SAN DIEGOJohn  WestSr. VP & GM DNA Sequencing SAN DIEGOROY A  WHITFIELDDirector WILMINGTONROY A  WHITFIELDDirector SAN DIEGOROY A  WHITFIELDDirector SAN DIEGOROY A  WHITFIELDDirector SAN DIEGOROY A  WHITFIELDDirector SAN DIEGOROY A  WHITFIELDDirector SAN DIEGO












 








John W Thompson, CEO Compensation -  Forbes.com
























 
























 




 





 





 




Jump | Free Trial Issue



Search Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Logistics

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network
-Digital Entertainment

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Entrepreneurs
-Finance
-Human Resources
-Law & Taxation
-Sales & Marketing
-Management
-Technology

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes Global 2000
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World\'s Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Opinions

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising





 











U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS












    HOME 
  
 BUSINESS 
  
 TECHNOLOGY 
  
 MARKETS 
  
 ENTREPRENEURS 
  
 WORK 
  
 PERSONAL FINANCE 
  
 LIFESTYLE 
  
 LISTS 
  
 OPINIONS 


  Home > Lists > CEO Pay >
John W Thompson






< Previous

Next >



John W ThompsonTotal Compensation
$71.84 mil (#8)

5-Year Compensation Total
$131.65 mil

John W Thompson has been CEO of Symantec (SYMC) for 7 years. Mr. Thompson has been with the company for 7 years .The 57 year old executive ranks 3 within Software & Services

Education
College: Florida A&M BBA '71
Graduate School: Massachusetts Institute of Technology MS '83
 

      


© Justin Sullivan/Getty Images





Performance Vs. Pay



Rank: 33 / 189

   

Symantec

6-Year Annual Total Return

13%



Mr. Thompson

6-Year Average Compensation
$22.14 mil

6-Year Return Relative to Industry

111



6-Year Return Relative to Market

114



Relative returns: 100 equals the market or industry.

 







John W Thompson's Compensation Vs. Software & Services Medians



Salary



$0.80 mil 

      



$0.82 mil 



Bonus

$1.68 mil 

$0.92 mil 



Other

$0.29 mil 

$0.10 mil 



Stock Gains

$69.07 mil 

$7.85 mil 







Total Compensation

$71.84 mil



$9.98 mil 



Data Contributor







Symantec
(SYMC: quote, news, executives)

20330 Stevens Creek BoulevardCupertino, CA 95014California408-517-8000408-253-3968

www.symantec.com




John W Thompson's Ownership Of Symantec





Industry Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

 0.14% 

0.14% 



Stock Owned

 $25.1 mil 

$0.02 mil 



 



Symantec's Stock Performance




 



Total Return During Tenure

 39% 



Relative to Market

 137 









< Previous

Next >



Sort List By:
Rank |
Name |
Age |
Company |
Efficiency
Total Compensation |
5 Year Compensation |
Market Value

Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history.  The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 189. Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 30, 2006 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P 500 (a score of 100 = the S&P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful.
1Annualized.
2Four-year total.
3Three-year total.
4Less than 0.01%.
5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000.
8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of salary.
9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of bonus.
10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc.(www.hemscottdata.com)








A D V E R T I S E M E N T










SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information  
Forbes.com Wireless  
RSS   
Reprints/Permissions  
Subscriber Services  

©  Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Statement  
Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By




Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer
Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
Exchange trademark and copyright notices.

Powered By











	
		
		
		Form  4          MICROSOFT CORP            For: Jun 08  Filed by: THOMPSON JOHN WENDELL
	
	









		Research: Stocks: News Story
	












Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >


				
					
					
						News & Events
					
				
				 >
			












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 




















Print Format


Change Text Size:


Default text sizeA


Larger text sizeA


Largest text sizeA









Form  4          MICROSOFT CORP            For: Jun 08  Filed by: THOMPSON JOHN WENDELL
BY 10K Wizard— 6:04 PM ET 06/09/2017


http://archive.fast-edgar.com/20170609/AOUZU22CQ222D2G2222Q22Z2N35QZ2228992

Filed on: June 9, 2017





More MSFT News



US STOCKS-Tech stocks tumble, taking down Nasdaq as big names sink

						Reuters -
						




6:02 PM ET 06/09/2017


					



US STOCKS-Tech stocks tumble, taking down Nasdaq

						Reuters -
						




4:28 PM ET 06/09/2017


					



US STOCKS-Tech stocks tumble, backing Wall St away from highs

						Reuters -
						




3:00 PM ET 06/09/2017


					













 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 
















































	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/21/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





SBGI
Log in for Events


HOLX


CATY


GMED


AEHR








PBF
Log in for Events


RYI


TIER


ETM


SONS




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 5:08 PM ET 07/21/2017







Earnings (39)
Dividends (5)
Splits (11)


Upgrades (95)
Downgrades (119)
Economic (0)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 





















































	
		
		
		MSFT Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:MSFT

MICROSOFT CORPORATION

73.79 -0.43 (-0.58 %)as of 4:00:00pm ET 07/21/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade
Option Chain


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    US STOCKS-Wall St dips as GE, energy shares weigh
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    4:23 PM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* GE falls as quarterly profit slides nearly 60 pct. * S&P, Nasdaq on track to close higher for third straight week. * Visa, Honeywell (HON) rise on forecast raise. * Indexes down: Dow 0.15 pct, S&P 0.04 pct, Nasdaq 0.04 pct. By Kimberly Chin.

















                                                    Microsoft is challenging Amazon for cloud throne
                                                


                                                    MarketWatch – 
                                                    4:07 PM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


Microsoft Azure and cloud software gains reflect strength, but proceeds may not be realized for quarters to come. Move over Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN), Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is coming for your throne in the sky. Microsoft (MSFT) beat fourth-quarter earnings expectations Thursday, helped by a $1.8 billion tax credit it received for its Windows Phone business.

















                                                    BRIEF-Zoho announces sales navigator for Zoho CRM, through new partnership with Linkedin​
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    2:11 PM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


Zoho : * ‍Zoho - Announced sales navigator for Zoho CRM, through new partnership with Linkedin​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    US STOCKS-Wall Street pares losses but GE-led industrials weigh
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    1:11 PM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* GE falls as quarterly profit slides nearly 60 pct. * S&P, Nasdaq on track to close higher for third straight week. * Visa, Honeywell (HON) rise on forecast raise. * Amazon (AMZN), Facebook (FB), Alphabet results awaited next week. * Indexes down: Dow 0.24 pct, S&P 0.12 pct, Nasdaq 0.09 pct. By Tanya Agrawal.













						                            
			                                Microsoft stock price target raised to $82 from $73 at UBS
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                11:53 AM ET 07/21/2017
			                            
















                                                    US STOCKS-Wall St retreats from record levels as GE disappoints
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    11:10 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* GE falls as quarterly profit slides nearly 60 pct. * S&P, Nasdaq on track to close higher for third straight week. * Visa, Honeywell (HON) rise on forecast raise. * Amazon (AMZN), Facebook (FB), Alphabet results awaited next week. * Indexes down: Dow 0.34 pct, S&P 0.24 pct, Nasdaq 0.18 pct. By Tanya Agrawal.

















                                                    US STOCKS-Wall St opens lower as GE's weak earnings weigh
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    9:51 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* GE falls as quarterly profit slides nearly 60 pct. * EBay (EBAY) falls after profit warning. * Schlumberger, Visa rise after strong quarterly results. * Indexes down: Dow 0.30 pct, S&P 0.24 pct, Nasdaq 0.23 pct. By Tanya Agrawal. U.S. stock indexes opened lower on Friday, as industrial heavyweight General Electric's (GE) tepid results weighed on investor sentiment.

















                                                    US STOCKS-Wall St set to open lower on tepid earnings
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    8:50 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* GE lower after profit slumps nearly 60 pct. * EBay (EBAY) falls after profit warning. * Schlumberger, Visa rise after strong quarterly results. * Futures down: Dow 27 pts, S&P 0.5 pts, Nasdaq 13 pts. By Tanya Agrawal. U.S. stock indexes looked set to open slightly lower on Friday, as investors took cues from earnings reports of industrial heavyweights General Electric (GE) and Honeywell.













						                            
			                                Microsoft stock price target raised to $82 from $78 at KeyBanc Capital
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                8:17 AM ET 07/21/2017
			                            












						                            
			                                Microsoft stock price target raised to $84 from $77 at Raymond James
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                8:07 AM ET 07/21/2017
			                            












						                            
			                                Microsoft stock price target raised to $80 from $73 at Stifel Nicolaus
			                            


			                                MarketWatch – 
			                                7:54 AM ET 07/21/2017
			                            
















                                                    US STOCKS-Futures slightly lower on earnings from industrial giants
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    7:14 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* Futures down: Dow 28 pts, S&P 1.25 pts, Nasdaq 9.5 pts. U.S. stock index futures were slightly lower on Friday, but continued to hover around record levels, as investors took cues from earnings reports of industrial heavyweights General Electric (GE) and Honeywell.

















                                                    China aims to become world leader in AI, challenges U.S. dominance
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    3:53 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


* Aims to grow core AI industries to over 150 bln yuan by 2020. By Cate Cadell and Adam Jourdan. China has outlined plans to become a world-leader in artificial intelligence by 2025, laying down a challenge to U.S. dominance in the sector amid heightened international tensions over military applications of the technology.

















                                                    Microsoft Forges Ahead In Cloud -- WSJ
                                                


                                                    DJ Business News – 
                                                    2:47 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


This article is being republished as part of our daily reproduction of WSJ.com articles that also appeared in the U.S. print edition of The Wall Street Journal. Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) continued its rebirth as a force in cloud-computing, posting stronger-than-expected gains in its business of selling web-based services to corporate customers. The software giant has been working to expand the business selling web-based services to corporate customers, and now has solidified its...

















                                                    PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - July 21
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    1:40 AM ET 07/21/2017
                                                


The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. - U.S. President Donald Trump's administration said Harley-Davidson (HOG) was no longer required to fund the antipollution program, knocking $3 million off the company's bill. http://nyti.ms/2gP7fwp. - Microsoft (MSFT) reported that its profit in the most recent quarter more than doubled from a year ago.

















                                                    Microsoft profit beats expectations on strong cloud demand
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    9:00 PM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


Microsoft (MSFT) on Thursday reported strong fourth-quarter earnings on the back of its fast-growing cloud computing business, stoking optimism that the once-stagnant company has found a new groove. The results were the clearest sign yet that the strategy put in place by Chief Executive Satya Nadella when he assumed the top job in 2014 is paying off.

















                                                    Microsoft Profit Jumps, Fueled by Cloud Computing -- 3rd Update
                                                


                                                    DJ Business News – 
                                                    7:35 PM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) continued its rebirth as a force in cloud-computing, posting stronger-than-expected gains in its business of selling web-based services to corporate customers. The software giant has been working to expand the business selling web-based services to corporate customers, and now has solidified its spot as the No. 2 provider of on-demand computing processing and storage behind market pioneer Amazon.com Inc. In its fiscal fourth quarter, Microsoft (MSFT) notched...

















                                                    Tech group sides with Apple in Qualcomm's iPhone ban dispute
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    6:10 PM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


A group representing major technology companies has aligned itself against Qualcomm Inc (QCOM) in its legal dispute with Apple Inc (AAPL) by calling on regulators to reject Qualcomm's (QCOM) bid to ban the import of iPhones. A lobbying group that represents Alphabet Inc's Google, Amazon.com Inc (AMZN), Microsoft Corp (MSFT) and Facebook Inc (FB) filed comments with the U.S. International Trade Commission.

















                                                    BRIEF-Microsoft sees Q1 intelligent cloud revenue $6.9 bln to $7.1 bln
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    6:10 PM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


Microsoft (MSFT). * sees Q1 productivity and business processes revenue $8.1 billion to $8.3 billion‍​. * sees Q1 more personal computing revenue of $8.6 billion to $8.9 billion. * sees Q1 intelligent cloud revenue $6.9 billion to $7.1 billion. * sees Q1 less than 1 point of negative foreign currency impact on revenue growth.

















                                                    Microsoft profit beats expectations on strong cloud demand
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    5:15 PM ET 07/20/2017
                                                


- Microsoft Corp (MSFT) reported better-than-expected quarterly profit and revenue on Thursday, helped by strong performance in its fast-growing cloud business. Shares of the world's largest software company rose as much as 1.5 percent in after-hours trading, after touching a record high of $74.30 during the regular session.












Page: 


Page 1
|
Next >






Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
15


MSFT ex-Dividend for $0.39 on 8/15/2017


Announce Date: 6/13/2017
Record Date: 8/17/2017
Pay Date: 9/14/2017











Past Events (last 90 days)




Jul
20


MSFT Earnings Conference Call at 5:30 PM
        Listen








Jul
20


MSFT announced Q4 earnings of $0.98 per share (vs. $0.735) at 7/20/2017 4:08:00 PM ET






Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















john wendell thompson - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found John Wendell | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​John Wendell



1) John Wendell's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Searches related tojohn wendell thompson



john thompson microsoft wife


john w thompson biography


john w thompson wife


symantec john w thompson



john w thompson net worth


john w thompson microsoft


john thompson wikipedia


john w thompson salary




Web Results

John W. Thompson - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_W._Thompson


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949) is an American CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at ...


John Wendell Thompson: Executive Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Mr. John Wendell Thompson serves as an Advisor of PernixData, Inc. Mr. Thompson serves as the President of Junction Engineering Ltd. He served as the Chief Executive ...


Thompson, John Wendell (1949– ) | The Black Past ...

www.blackpast.org/aaw/thompson-john-wendell-1949


Born April 24, 1949, to working-class parents in Fort Dix, New Jersey, John Wendell Thompson climbed the high-tech world’s business ranks from entry level sales to ...


MSFT John Wendell Thompson Insider Trades for Microsoft Corp.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/msft/insiders?pid=964844


Dr. John W. Thompson is Independent Chairman at Microsoft Corp. and Chief Executive Officer & Director at Virtual Instruments Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at ...


John Wendell Thompson (1920 - 2008) - Find A Grave Memorial

https://www.findagrave.com/cgi-bin/fg.cgi?page=gr&GRid=42540541


Graveside service for Lt. Col. John Wendall (Ret.), 87, will be held Thursday at 11:00 a.m. in Ebenezer Methodist Church Cemetery, Bowman. Dunbar Funeral Home, Devine ...


John W Thompson, CEO Compensation - Forbes.com

https://www.forbes.com/lists/2006/12/PMRA.html


John W Thompson ranked 8 among CEO Compensation In 2006


John W. Thompson Biography - life, family, children ...

www.notablebiographies.com/newsmakers2/2005-Pu-Z/Thompson-John-W.html


Born John Wendell Thompson, April 24, 1949, in Fort Dix, NJ; married (divorced); married Sandi Thompson (an attorney), 1998; children: a son and a daughter ...


Profile: Symantec CEO John Thompson - SearchSecurity

searchsecurity.techtarget.com/Profile-Symantec-CEO-John-Thompson


Profile: Symantec CEO John Thompson . by ... On the eve of John W. Thompson's arrival at Symantec in April 1999, ... John Wendell Thompson


John Wendell Thompson - Microsoft Corp Insider ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/john-wendell-thompson


John Wendell Thompson, Director at Microsoft Corp (MSFT), has a 66.7% success rate when buying and selling stocks.


John W. Thompson - BET.com

www.bet.com/topics/j/john-w-thompson.html


John Wendell Thompson is the chief executive officer of the privately held Virtual Instruments and the Chairman of Microsoft Corporation. He currently serves in this ...










We Found John Wendell | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​John Wendell



1) John Wendell's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info




Searches related tojohn wendell thompson



john thompson microsoft wife


john w thompson biography


john w thompson wife


symantec john w thompson



john w thompson net worth


john w thompson microsoft


john thompson wikipedia


john w thompson salary




12345Next






Answers







John W. Thompson



John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949) is the CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former...

more






Wendell Phillips



Wendell Phillips (November 29, 1811 – February 2, 1884) was an American abolitionist, advocate for Native Americans, orator, and attorney. Education...

more






Wendell Thompson Perkins



Wendell Thompson Perkins (February 11, 1928 – March 2, 1997), was an American painter born in Boston who died in St. Augustine, FL. His lifelong...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













john wendell thompson - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Them For You - Easily Search Anyone in the US



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



See 1) Phone Numbers 2) Address 3) Email 4) Age & Social Profiles.  Search Free!




Search John Thompson - Looking for John Thompson?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for John Thompson? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





John Thompson Search - Search for John Thompson Info.



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​john-thompson



Search for John Thompson Info. Try the alothome.com search!




New Male Erectile Fixer - Fixes Size and Performance



Ad
 ·
menhealthremedies.com



This one product fixed my erectile and size problems. Try It Today!















John W. Thompson




John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949) is the CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and the former

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

John W. Thompson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_W._Thompson


John Wendell Thompson (born April 24, 1949) is the CEO of privately held Virtual Instruments and the chairman of Microsoft. He is a former vice-president at IBM and ...


Wendell Phillips - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Wendell_Phillips


Thompson canceled at the last minute, ... ^ Wendell Phillips Orator And Agitator, ... ^ "Wendell Phillips Poem by John Boyle O'Reilly ...


Lynn A. Thompson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Lynn_A._Thompson


Lynn A. Thompson has been the President of the Priesthood of the Apostolic United Brethren ... John Taylor; Disputed leaders ... Wendell Nielsen (one-time legal head)


John G. Thompson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Griggs_Thompson


The Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters has decided to award the Abel Prize for 2008 to John Griggs Thompson, ... Lennart Carleson / John G. Thompson ... Wendell ...


Wendy Coakley-Thompson - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Wendy_Coakley-Thompson


Wendy Coakley-Thompson ... Frederick Oliver Wendell Thompson ... Teen jailed for plotting bomb attack at Elton John concert... Jul 03, ...


Caspar Wister - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Caspar_Wister


G Elmer Thompson; G ... HB John Wendell; FB ... Line: E Clarence Alcott; E Bill Dague; E Albert Exendine; E Caspar Wister; T ...


Gus Ziegler - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Gus_Ziegler


John Macklin; Allie Miller; Hunter Scarlett; Gus Ziegler; ... G Elmer Thompson; G Gus Ziegler; C ... HB John Wendell; FB ...


Lucius Horatio Biglow - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Lucius_Horatio_Biglow


February 28, 1885. Lucius Horatio Biglow, Jr., his father, was born in Brooklyn in 1861. Mr. ... G Elmer Thompson; G ... HB John Wendell; FB ...


New York Times CEO thanks Trump for boosting subscription ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2017/05/03/new-york-times-ceo...


New York Times CEO thanks Trump for boosting subscription growth. ... New York Times CEO Mark Thompson on Wednesday thanked Donald Trump ... John C. Breckinridge ...


1907 College Football All-America Team - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/1907_College_Football_All-America_Team


The 1907 College Football All-America team is composed of various organizations that chose ... Elmer Thompson, Cornell (WC-2 ... John Wendell, Harvard (WC-1 ...










We Found Them For You - Easily Search Anyone in the US



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



See 1) Phone Numbers 2) Address 3) Email 4) Age & Social Profiles.  Search Free!




Search John Thompson - Looking for John Thompson?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for John Thompson? All You Need is a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records





John Thompson Search - Search for John Thompson Info.



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​john-thompson



Search for John Thompson Info. Try the alothome.com search!




New Male Erectile Fixer - Fixes Size and Performance



Ad
 ·
menhealthremedies.com



This one product fixed my erectile and size problems. Try It Today!



Searches related tojohn wendell thompson



john thompson microsoft wife


john w thompson biography


john w thompson wife


symantec john w thompson



john w thompson net worth


john w thompson microsoft


john thompson wikipedia


john w thompson salary




12345Next

Related Searches



john thompson microsoft wife


john w thompson biography


john w thompson wife


symantec john w thompson


john w thompson net worth


john w thompson microsoft


john thompson wikipedia


john w thompson salary




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























