

























Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR Continues to Hold Position in West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Visteon Corporation (VC) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Perficient (PRFT) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
Retail Properties of America (RPAI) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows
National Commerce Corporation (NCOM) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Accern Reports
Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31
Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust (NYSE:EFT) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Evoke Pharma (EVOK) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.50
Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact MiX Telematics Limited (NYSE:MIXT) Stock Price
First Northwest Bancorp (FNWB) Given News Sentiment Score of -0.12
Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect NN (NNBR) Share Price
Freshpet (FRPT) Getting Critical News Coverage, Study Finds
Royal Gold (NASDAQ:RGLD) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Accern Reports
Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Regal Beloit Corporation (NYSE:RBC) Share Price
Murphy USA (MUSA) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.11
American International Group, Inc. (AIG) Position Maintained by Horrell Capital Management Inc.
Keysight Technologies Inc. (NYSE:KEYS) Stake Boosted by Denali Advisors LLC
Scorpio Bulkers (NYSE:SALT) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Accern Reports
SouFun Holdings Limited (NYSE:SFUN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.19
Iowa State Bank Buys 1,065 Shares of Intercontinental Exchange Inc. (NYSE:ICE)
Church & Dwight Company, Inc. (NYSE:CHD) Stake Reduced by LVM Capital Management Ltd. MI


 


Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR Continues to Hold Position in West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR held its position in West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (NYSE:WST) during the second quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 4,000 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock at the end of the second quarter. Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR’s holdings in West Pharmaceutical Services were worth $378,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WST. Burt Wealth Advisors raised its stake in West Pharmaceutical Services by 38,540.0% in the first quarter. Burt Wealth Advisors now owns 1,932 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 1,927 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. acquired a new stake in West Pharmaceutical Services during the fourth quarter valued at about $164,000. Harfst & Associates Inc. acquired a new stake in West Pharmaceutical Services during the first quarter valued at about $186,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC raised its stake in West Pharmaceutical Services by 17.6% in the first quarter. Tyers Asset Management LLC now owns 2,464 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $201,000 after buying an additional 368 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. raised its stake in West Pharmaceutical Services by 1.6% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 2,569 shares of the medical instruments supplier’s stock valued at $210,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. 91.34% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. alerts:



Shares of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. (WST) traded up 0.21% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $94.13. 26,215 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. has a 1-year low of $70.17 and a 1-year high of $99.91. The company’s 50 day moving average is $95.89 and its 200 day moving average is $88.40. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.92 billion, a PE ratio of 38.96 and a beta of 1.12. 




West Pharmaceutical Services (NYSE:WST) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical instruments supplier reported $0.81 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.55 by $0.26. West Pharmaceutical Services had a net margin of 11.88% and a return on equity of 14.89%. The business had revenue of $387.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $380.42 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.53 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. will post $2.73 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, November 1st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, October 18th will be given a dividend of $0.14 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, October 17th. This is a boost from West Pharmaceutical Services’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.13. This represents a $0.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.60%. West Pharmaceutical Services’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 21.40%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/west-pharmaceutical-services-inc-nysewst-stake-maintained-by-thompson-rubinstein-investment-management-inc-or-updated-updated.html. 
WST has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of West Pharmaceutical Services in a report on Thursday, June 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of West Pharmaceutical Services from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $114.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, June 9th. Finally, BidaskClub lowered shares of West Pharmaceutical Services from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 13th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $90.18.
In related news, VP Daniel Malone sold 4,124 shares of West Pharmaceutical Services stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $93.31, for a total value of $384,810.44. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CFO William J. Federici sold 54,996 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $95.45, for a total transaction of $5,249,368.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders. 
About West Pharmaceutical Services
West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc is a manufacturer of packaging components and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products. The Company’s products include vial containment solutions, prefillable systems, self-injection platforms, cartridge systems and components, reconstitution and transfer systems, intradermal delivery solutions, specialty components, and contract manufacturing and analytical services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 









































 




Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:28 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pooled investment vehicles, and charitable organization. The firm manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For fixed income, the firm invests in short and intermediate term corporate debt securities, tax-free municipal securities, U.S. treasury and agency issues, and United States government securities. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. The firm typically ...
Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individuals. It also caters to high net worth individuals, pooled investment vehicles, and charitable organization. The firm manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For fixed income, the firm invests in short and intermediate term corporate debt securities, tax-free municipal securities, U.S. treasury and agency issues, and United States government securities. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. The firm typically invests in energy, selective retail, manufacturing, consumer products, healthcare, and financial services sectors to make its investments. Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. was founded in 1979 and is based in Portland, Oregon.
Detailed Description


715 South West MorrisonSuite 604Portland, OR 97205-3102United StatesFounded in 1979



Phone: 503-224-1488

Fax: 503-224-6603








Key Executives for Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc.




Mr. Richard Allan Rubinstein


      	President, Secretary, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. John Harvey Coulter


      	Vice President and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc - Financial Services Firm, Portland, Oregon - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc





Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc is a RIA based in Portland, OR with $289M in AUM and with 1 advisor nationwide . Richard Allan Rubinstein is the majority owner of the firm and has been in this role with the firm since 1979.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Portland, OR 




# OF EMPLOYEES
4


Total Assets
$288,771,529









Location
        



715 SW Morrison St


Portland,
OR
97205


503-224-1488









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Feb. 28, 2017





$288.8M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






90

          
Accounts
          


$3.2M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
1





name

start date









Richard Allan Rubinstein

June 1979 











View All Advisors













Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Richard Allan Rubinstein

President, Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer
      
June, 1979
      
75% or more
      


John Harvey Coulter

Vice President, Portfolio Manager
      
March, 2000
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations











































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Thompson, Rubinstein Investment Management Inc                                                                           - Portland                                          , OR         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OR



Portland



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Thompson, Rubinstein Investment Management Inc
                                    



 





















T 


Thompson, Rubinstein Investment Management Inc                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



715 SW MORRISON ST # 604 PORTLAND, OR 97205
Get Directions



(503) 224-0053
 





Business Info



 Founded 1979
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $360,000.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Richard Rubinstein                                                                                                      







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1979 the company has been providing Investment Advisory Service. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. disclosed in a filing on June 30, 2017 that it increased its stake in The Home Depot


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology














        Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. disclosed in a filing on June 30, 2017 that it increased its stake in The Home Depot    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jul 15, 2017                         - RelSci Data Update                

          Institutional Holdings Changes      




Background Information:


Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. »
Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management invests primarily in the stocks of US large-cap companies in the producer manufacturing, industrial services, health technology and electronic technology sectors. Through fundamental analysis, they seek to identify growth companies that may be temporarily out-of-favor but have outstanding franchises with strong earnings and dividend growth. The firm maintains a very low turnover rate.




In The News:




                            Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in AbbVie, Inc.                            


                            April 14, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Apple, Inc.                            


                            April 13, 2017  •  RelSci                        









Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. »
Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management invests primarily in the stocks of US large-cap companies in the producer manufacturing, industrial services, health technology and electronic technology sectors. Through fundamental analysis, they seek to identify growth companies that may be temporarily out-of-favor but have outstanding franchises with strong earnings and dividend growth. The firm maintains a very low turnover rate.






In The News:




 


                                                    Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in AbbVie, Inc.                                                





                                     April 14, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management, Inc. disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it increased its stake in Apple, Inc.                                                





                                     April 13, 2017  •  RelSci                                















You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. | Wealthminder











































Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc.


Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc.
(CRD# 104798) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Portland, OR.
They
manage $240,357,446 in 94 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc.




715 Sw Morrison Suite 604,
Portland,
OR
97205
503-224-1488









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

240
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

94
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$2,556,994







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




OR, WA






Financial Advisors at Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc.




Showing 1 - 1 of 1 top financial advisors.





1















Richard A. Rubinstein



CRD#:
406630



715 Sw Morrison, Suite 604,
Portland,
OR
97205




87

Wealthminder
score








Richard Rubinstein (CRD# 406630) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. in Portland, OR and has 
1 year
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Woodward Company Profile (NASDAQ:WWD)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)
Woodward, Inc. is an independent designer, manufacturer and service provider of energy control and optimization solutions. The Company designs, produces and services energy control products for various applications. The Company's segments include Aerospace and Industrial. The Company's Aerospace segment designs, manufactures and services systems and products for the management of fuel, air, combustion and motion control. The Company's Industrial segment designs, produces and services systems and products for the management of fuel, air, fluids, gases, electricity, motion and combustion. The Company has production and assembly facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia and South America, and promotes its products and services throughout the world. The Company offers solutions for the aerospace, industrial and energy markets. The Company focuses primarily on serving original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and equipment packagers. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Computer and Technology
Industry: Industrial Machinery & Equipment - NEC
Sub-Industry: Industrial Machinery
Symbol: NASDAQ:WWD
CUSIP: 98074510
Web: www.woodward.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $4.31 billionOutstanding Shares: 61,272,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $68.82200 Day Moving Avg: $68.6852 Week Range: $57.02 - $72.28


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 22.41Foreward P/E Ratio: 19.91P/E Growth: 1.64Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $2.04 billionPrice / Sales: 2.11Book Value: $20.48 per sharePrice / Book: 3.43Dividend:Annual Dividend: $0.50Dividend Yield: 0.7%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $328.36 millionNet Margins: 9.67%Return on Equity: 16.12%Return on Assets: 7.67%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 0.44%Current Ratio: 2.21%Quick Ratio: 0.96%Misc:Average Volume: 296,005 shs.Beta: 1.2Short Ratio: 4.48

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)
What is Woodward's stock symbol?

Woodward trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "WWD."



How often does Woodward pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Woodward?

Woodward declared a quarterly dividend on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, May 22nd will be given a dividend of $0.125 per share on Monday, June 5th. This represents a $0.50 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th.  View Woodward's Dividend History.



How will Woodward's stock buyback program work?

Woodward declared that its Board of Directors has approved a stock buyback program on Wednesday, April 12th 2017, which authorizes the company to buyback $500,000,000.00 in    shares, according to EventVestor. This buyback authorization authorizes the company to reacquire up to 11.6% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are generally a sign that the company's board believes its shares are undervalued. 



How were Woodward's earnings last quarter?

Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, July, 24th. The company reported $0.85 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $0.76 by $0.09. The firm had revenue of $548.62 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $530.89 million. Woodward had a return on equity of 16.12% and a net margin of 9.67%. The company's revenue for the quarter was up 8.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.81 EPS.  View Woodward's Earnings History.



What guidance has Woodward issued on next quarter's earnings?

Woodward updated its FY17 earnings guidance on Monday, July, 24th. The company provided EPS guidance of $3.05-3.15 for the period, compared to the Thomson Reuters consensus estimate of $3.13. The company issued revenue guidance of $2.1 billion, compared to the consensus revenue estimate of $2.09 billion.



Where is Woodward's stock going? Where will Woodward's stock price be in 2017?

9 brokerages have issued 1 year price objectives for Woodward's shares. Their forecasts range from $62.00 to $82.00. On average, they anticipate Woodward's stock price to reach $74.75 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Woodward.



What are analysts saying about Woodward stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Woodward stock: 
1. Wood & Company analysts commented, "Aerospace galloped ahead of pace on broad strength, while mixed Industrial trends remained a net headwind, combining for overall net operating upside. The industrial outlook softened (more 4Q impact vs. 3Q). Aero performance in 3Q logged ahead of likely sustainable trends and expectations, but a strong outlook persists (near-term and long), anchoring our base case buy thesis for sustained visibility of excellent growth on OE platform mix and AM fleet dynamics/initial provisioning. WWD noted Industrial OM target of 16% for 2019 in large part supported by cost actions and productivity that will continue to improve (expected steadily), with some sales growth required but perhaps not elevated." (7/25/2017)
2. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Woodward stands to benefit from increased global usage of natural gas as a source of electricity and transportation fuel, while strong backlog in the commercial aerospace space buoys optimism. Moreover, its investments in new technologies will ensure that it remains well positioned to achieve its goal of being a premier aerospace supplier. However, persistent weakness in large capital projects remains one of the major dampeners for Woodward’s industrial segment. Also, Woodward's dependence on government defense budgets, stiff competition from a number of major players in the U.S. and abroad and sluggish growth in China are major concerns for the company. The company also underperformed the Zacks categorized Instruments-Control industry on a year-to-date basis." (6/20/2017)




Who are some of Woodward's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Woodward include Crane Company (CR), Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX), Weir Group PLC (WEIR), Timken Company (The) (TKR), Gardner Denver Holdings (GDI), IMI plc (IMI), Barnes Group (B), KLX (KLXI), Manitowoc Food Service (WBT), Rexnord Corporation (RXN), Hillenbrand (HI), Proto Labs (PRLB), MUELLER WATER PRODUCTS (MWA), SPX FLOW (FLOW), Actuant Corporation (ATU), Kaman Corporation (KAMN), Comfort Systems USA (FIX) and Milacron Holdings Corp. (MCRN).



Who are Woodward's key executives?

Woodward's management team includes the folowing people: Thomas A. Gendron, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive OfficerRobert F. Weber Jr., Vice Chairman of the Board, Chief Financial Officer, TreasurerMartin V. Glass, President - Airframe SystemsSagar A. Patel, President - Aircraft Turbine SystemsChad Robert Preiss, President - Industrial SystemsA. Christopher Fawzy, Corporate Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer, General Counsel, Corporate SecretarySteven J. Meyer, Corporate Vice President - Human ResourcesMatt R. Cook, Corporate Vice President-Information TechnologyJames D. Rudolph, Corporate Vice PresidentMatthew F. Taylor, Corporate Vice President-Supply Chain



Who owns Woodward stock?

Woodward's stock is owned by a number of of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional investors include Ardevora Asset Management LLP (0.83%), Hermes Investment Management Ltd. (0.62%), Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR (0.21%), Terril Brothers Inc. (0.16%), GW&K Investment Management LLC (0.10%) and Texas Permanent School Fund (0.07%). Company insiders that own Woodward stock include Chad Robert Preiss, Christopher Fawzy, Gregg C Sengstack, James D Rudolph, James R Rulseh, John A Halbrook, John D Cohn, Larry E Rittenberg, Martin Val Glass, Mary L Petrovich, Paul Donovan, Robert F Weber Jr, Ronald M Sega and Thomas A Gendron. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Woodward.



Who sold Woodward stock? Who is selling Woodward stock?

Woodward's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Insight Capital Research & Management Inc., Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan, Bank of Montreal Can, Thompson Rubinstein Investment Management Inc. OR, Personal Capital Advisors Corp, GW&K Investment Management LLC, Eagle Global Advisors LLC and Private Trust Co. NA. Company insiders that have sold Woodward stock in the last year include Chad Robert Preiss, Christopher Fawzy, James R Rulseh, John A Halbrook, John D Cohn, Larry E Rittenberg, Martin Val Glass, Mary L Petrovich, Robert F Weber Jr and Thomas A Gendron. View Insider Buying and Selling for Woodward.



Who bought Woodward stock? Who is buying Woodward stock?

Woodward's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Ardevora Asset Management LLP, Hermes Investment Management Ltd., Russell Investments Group Ltd., Legato Capital Management LLC, ING Groep NV, First National Bank of Hutchinson, Aperio Group LLC and Diversified Trust Co. Company insiders that have bought Woodward stock in the last two years include Christopher Fawzy, Gregg C Sengstack, Mary L Petrovich, Paul Donovan and Ronald M Sega. View Insider Buying and Selling for Woodward.



How do I buy Woodward stock? 

Shares of Woodward can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Woodward's stock price today?

One share of Woodward stock can currently be purchased for approximately $70.27.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Woodward (NASDAQ WWD)Community Ranking:  2.4 out of 5 ( )Outperform Votes:  132 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  144 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  276MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Woodward and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 4 Hold Ratings, 5 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.56)Consensus Price Target: $74.75 (6.38% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/25/2017Wood & CompanyReiterated RatingBuy$80.00High7/14/2017CIBCInitiated CoverageOutperform -> Outperform$82.00Low7/14/2017Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Initiated CoverageOutperform$82.00High6/22/2017CL KingInitiated CoverageBuy -> Buy$79.00High4/21/2017Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingMarket Perform$58.00 -> $62.00Low4/13/2017StephensInitiated CoverageOverweight$82.00Low1/19/2017SunTrust Banks, Inc.Initiated CoverageHold$69.00N/A11/18/2016Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingHold$59.00 -> $62.00N/A9/16/2016Barrington ResearchInitiated CoverageMarket PerformN/A7/15/2016Maxim GroupBoost Price TargetBuy$60.00 -> $70.00N/A(Data available from 7/28/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)Earnings History by Quarter for Woodward (NASDAQ WWD)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails7/24/2017Q3 2017$0.76$0.85$530.89 million$548.62 millionViewN/A4/19/2017Q2 2017$0.66$0.60$498.56 million$500.40 millionViewN/A1/23/2017Q117$0.50$0.73$450.95 million$443.00 millionViewN/A11/14/2016Q416$0.92$0.99$571.55 million$590.92 millionViewListen7/20/2016Q316$0.76$0.81$521.70 million$508.00 millionViewListen4/19/2016Q216$0.66$0.65$497.27 million$479.00 millionViewListen1/19/2016Q1$0.51$0.56$458.00 million$445.11 millionViewListen11/9/2015Q415$0.75$0.77$540.48 million$562.60 millionViewListen7/20/2015Q315$0.71$0.66$538.35 million$494.42 millionViewListen4/20/2015Q215$0.64$0.66$508.08 million$493.20 millionViewListen1/20/2015Q115$0.46$0.66$446.90 million$487.65 millionViewListen11/10/2014Q4$0.78$0.77$598.23 million$565.40 millionViewListen7/21/2014Q314$0.60$0.69$507.20 million$524.30 millionViewN/A4/22/2014Q214$0.50$0.66$481.86 million$482.50 millionViewListen1/21/2014Q114$0.42$0.34$431.76 million$429.00 millionViewListen11/12/2013Q413$0.70$0.76$548.67 million$558.40 millionViewListen7/25/2013Q3 2013$0.56$0.34$494.55 million$483.80 millionViewListen4/22/2013Q2 2013$0.61$0.61$503.60 million$485.50 millionViewListen1/22/2013Q1 2013$0.45$0.39$434.58 million$408.30 millionViewN/A11/13/2012Q412$0.58$0.66$528.19 million$528.70 millionViewN/A7/23/2012$0.40$0.40ViewN/A4/23/2012$0.55$0.55ViewN/A1/23/2012$0.45$0.40ViewN/A11/14/2011$0.55$0.60ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.11 EPSNext Year EPS Consensus Estimate: $3.53 EPS


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)Most Recent Dividend:6/5/2017Annual Dividend:$0.50Dividend Yield:0.71%Payout Ratio:15.77% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  16.08% (Based on This Year's Estimates)14.16% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Dividend History by Quarter for Woodward (NASDAQ WWD)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date4/25/2017quarterly$0.130.73%5/18/20175/22/20176/5/20171/27/2017quarterly$0.130.71%2/15/20172/20/20173/6/20179/16/2016quarterly$0.110.74%11/9/201611/14/201611/28/20167/26/2016quarterly$0.110.75%8/11/20168/15/20168/29/20164/26/2016quarterly$0.110.8%5/19/20165/23/20166/6/20161/22/2016quarterly$0.110.88%2/18/20162/22/20163/7/20169/18/2015quarterly$0.100.92%11/12/201511/16/201511/30/20157/27/2015quarterly$0.100.85%8/13/20158/17/20158/31/20154/24/2015quarterly$0.100.83%5/14/20155/18/20156/1/20151/26/2015quarterly$0.100.87%2/11/20152/13/20153/2/20159/18/2014quarterly$0.080.63%11/13/201411/17/201412/1/20147/25/2014quarterly$0.080.64%8/15/20148/19/20149/2/20144/23/2014quarterly$0.080.72%5/15/20145/19/20146/2/20141/24/2014quarterly$0.080.73%2/12/20142/17/20143/3/20149/19/2013quarterly$0.080.76%11/14/201311/18/201312/2/20137/24/2013quarterly$0.080.78%8/16/20138/20/20139/3/20134/25/2013quarterly$0.080.9%5/16/20135/20/20136/3/20131/24/2013quarterly$0.080.82%2/13/20132/15/20133/1/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)Insider Ownership Percentage: 5.93%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 71.17%Insider Trades by Quarter for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/17/2017Robert F Weber JrCFOSell7,500$66.49$498,675.00  4/27/2017Mary L PetrovichDirectorBuy7,300$68.35$498,955.00  3/2/2017John A HalbrookDirectorSell8,200$71.05$582,610.00  3/1/2017Martin Val GlassInsiderSell26,000$71.94$1,870,440.00  2/27/2017John D CohnDirectorSell5,700$70.75$403,275.00  2/16/2017James R RulsehDirectorSell3,500$70.14$245,490.00  1/30/2017Thomas A GendronInsiderSell45,000$69.40$3,123,000.00  1/26/2017Christopher FawzyVPSell10,400$69.50$722,800.00  11/28/2016Robert F Weber JrCFOSell1,692$67.55$114,294.60  11/18/2016Larry E RittenbergDirectorSell5,700$67.18$382,926.00  11/18/2016Robert F Weber JrCFOSell17,308$66.79$1,156,001.32  11/17/2016Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell7,000$67.44$472,080.00  8/10/2016Christopher FawzyVPSell6,000$59.30$355,800.00  7/28/2016Mary L PetrovichDirectorSell8,200$58.54$480,028.00  5/2/2016Thomas A GendronCEOSell74,000$54.45$4,029,300.00  4/28/2016James D RudolphInsiderSell16,500$54.93$906,345.00  4/27/2016Thomas A GendronCEOSell70,000$55.00$3,850,000.00  4/26/2016Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell14,500$54.85$795,325.00  3/1/2016Thomas A GendronCEOSell30,000$48.00$1,440,000.00  2/29/2016Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell7,200$47.14$339,408.00  2/26/2016Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell7,300$47.27$345,071.00  2/4/2016Paul DonovanDirectorBuy2,600$44.59$115,934.00  1/29/2016Christopher FawzyVPBuy2,100$46.03$96,663.00  1/26/2016Ronald M SegaDirectorBuy1,000$46.03$46,030.00  1/15/2016John A. HalbrookDirectorSell7,850$44.94$352,779.00  7/30/2015Gregg C SengstackDirectorBuy12,000$48.26$579,120.00  6/2/2015Mary L PetrovichDirectorSell8,962$52.00$466,024.00  5/27/2015Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell35,000$52.05$1,821,750.00  5/27/2015Paul DonovanDirectorBuy2,508$52.05$130,541.40  1/15/2015John A HalbrookDirectorSell7,746$42.27$327,423.42  11/14/2014Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell16,000$51.00$816,000.00  4/30/2014Larry RittenbergDirectorSell2,000$44.37$88,740.00  4/28/2014James RulsehDirectorSell7,600$44.11$335,236.00  2/20/2014Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell16,000$43.35$693,600.00  1/31/2014Paul DonovanDirectorBuy1,129$42.80$48,321.20  12/3/2013Christopher FawzyVPSell1,800$42.56$76,608.00  11/22/2013Chad Robert PreissInsiderSell16,000$42.20$675,200.00  8/15/2013Gregg SengstackDirectorBuy2,500$40.97$102,425.00  8/14/2013Paul DonovanDirectorBuy1,000$41.94$41,940.00  8/13/2013James RulsehDirectorSell9,500$42.21$400,995.00  8/2/2013James RudolphInsiderSell9,000$42.30$380,700.00  6/5/2013Paul DonovanDirectorBuy7,370$39.53$291,336.10  6/3/2013Martin Val GlassInsiderSell27,000$39.30$1,061,100.00  5/30/2013John A HalbrookDirectorSell3,805$38.18$145,274.90  2/26/2013Paul DonovanDirectorBuy2,500$36.77$91,925.00  9/6/2012Paul DonovanDirectorBuy2,000$36.21$72,420.00  9/5/2012John A HalbrookDirectorSell2,000$35.06$70,120.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)


Latest Headlines for Woodward (NASDAQ:WWD)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineWoodward, Inc. :WWD-US: Earnings Analysis: Q3, 2017 By the Numbers : July 27, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 10:06 AMWoodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) Issues  Earnings Resultswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 9:08 AMWoodward's (NASDAQ:WWD) Buy Rating Reiterated at Wood & Companywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 8:55 AMWoodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 8:43 AMWoodward Reports Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 8:39 AMWoodward tops Street 3Q forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 8:39 AMEdited Transcript of WWD earnings conference call or presentation 24-Jul-17 8:30pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 8:39 AMWoodward (WWD) Beats Earnings and Revenue Estimates in Q3finance.yahoo.com - July 25 at 8:39 AMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) Downgraded to "Sell" at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 11:32 PMWoodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidancewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 5:40 PMWhy Woodward (WWD) Might Surprise This Earnings Seasonfinance.yahoo.com - July 21 at 8:54 AMWoodward, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : WWD-US : July 17, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 17 at 12:44 PMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Mondaywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 17 at 8:53 AM$533.16 Million in Sales Expected for Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 16 at 10:48 AMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at CIBCwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 12:22 PM Brokerages Anticipate Woodward, Inc. (WWD) to Announce $0.77 Earnings Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 12:03 PMOppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Begins Coverage on Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 14 at 10:46 AMWood & Company Initiates Coverage on Woodward, Inc. (NASDAQ:WWD)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 13 at 4:53 PMWoodward Schedules Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Callfinance.yahoo.com - July 12 at 9:31 AMWoodward, Inc. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:WWD) : July 7, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 8:53 AMWoodward, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bullish Manner : WWD-US : July 6, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 7 at 5:19 AMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) Given Consensus Rating of "Hold" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 28 at 8:08 AMWoodward, Inc. breached its 50 day moving average in a Bearish Manner : WWD-US : June 21, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 22 at 2:49 PMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at CL Kingwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 22 at 9:28 AM Brokerages Anticipate Woodward, Inc. (WWD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $533.16 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 21 at 8:46 AMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) Cut to Hold at BidaskClubwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 3:32 PMWoodward, Inc. (WWD) Raised to "Hold" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 2:24 PM$0.77 Earnings Per Share Expected for Woodward, Inc. (WWD) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 20 at 12:14 AMWoodward Inc (WWD) Given Average Recommendation of "Hold" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 8:32 PMWoodward Inc (WWD) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $533.16 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 26 at 1:48 PMZacks: Analysts Anticipate Woodward Inc (WWD) Will Announce Earnings of $0.77 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 24 at 8:08 PMWoodward, Inc. : WWD-US: Dividend Analysis : May 22nd, 2017 (record date) : By the numbers : May 23, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 23 at 8:05 PMInsider Selling: Woodward Inc (WWD) CFO Sells 7,500 Shares of Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 17 at 7:47 PMETFs with exposure to Woodward, Inc. : May 15, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 15 at 7:51 PMWoodward Inc (WWD) Receives Average Recommendation of "Hold" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 4:36 PMWoodward (WWD) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Showswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 4 at 8:26 AM$533.16 Million in Sales Expected for Woodward Inc (WWD) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 3 at 1:09 PM$0.77 EPS Expected for Woodward Inc (WWD) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 1 at 9:02 PMWoodward (WWD) Getting Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Report Findswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 1 at 1:22 PMWoodward Inc (WWD) Director Acquires $498,955.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 28 at 7:20 PMWoodward Inc (WWD) Director Acquires $498,955.00 in Stockwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 28 at 7:20 PMWoodward (WWD) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.08www.americanbankingnews.com - April 27 at 8:36 AMETFs with exposure to Woodward, Inc. : April 26, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 26 at 5:19 PMWoodward, Inc. :WWD-US: Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2017 By the Numbers : April 25, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 25 at 7:38 PMWoodward Inc to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 (WWD)www.americanbankingnews.com - April 25 at 6:24 PMWoodward Announces Declaration of Dividendfinance.yahoo.com - April 24 at 7:03 PMWoodward (WWD) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31www.americanbankingnews.com - April 24 at 9:54 AMWoodward Inc (WWD) Short Interest Up 1.6% in Marchwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 22 at 5:17 PMWoodward's (WWD) "Market Perform" Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Companywww.americanbankingnews.com - April 22 at 12:57 PMWoodward (WWD) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Findswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 21 at 9:45 AM


Social





Chart
Woodward (WWD) Chart for Friday, July, 28, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/28/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































﻿
































Axiom Securities Reiterates Sell Rating for Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Caterpillar Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Caterpillar Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

CIT Group Inc (DEL) (CIT) Given “Buy” Rating at BTIG Research
Community Healthcare Trust Incorporated (CHCT) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
Axiom Securities Reiterates Sell Rating for Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT)
Green Plains Partners (GPP) vs. Ceres (CERE) Head to Head Review
Contrasting Zumiez (ZUMZ) & Destination XL Group (DXLG)
Carbo Ceramics, Inc. (NYSE:CRR) PT Set at $12.00 by Scotiabank
Lundin Mining Corp. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.02 (OTCMKTS:LUNMF)
Royal Dutch Shell PLC Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.94 (RDS.B)
Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets
Barton Investment Management Has $99.39 Million Stake in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX)
Peel Hunt Raises Restore PLC (RST) Price Target to GBX 528
First Foundation Inc. (FFWM) Issues  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS
Traders Sell Chevron Corporation (CVX) on Strength (CVX)
Henry Schein (HSIC) vs. Cantel Medical Corp. (CMD) Financial Review
Insider Selling: AstroNova, Inc. (ALOT) Director Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock
SThree Plc (STHR) Earns Hold Rating from Numis Securities Ltd
MRC Global (MRC) & DXP Enterprises (DXPE) Critical Contrast
Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) Bonds Trading 2.5% Lower
BRP Inc (DOO) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts
Ameren Corporation (NYSE:AEE) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages




 


Axiom Securities Reiterates Sell Rating for Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT)

					Posted by Michael Walen on Jul 28th, 2017 // No Comments 




Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reiterated by stock analysts at Axiom Securities in a report released on Wednesday.
A number of other research firms also recently weighed in on CAT. BidaskClub raised Caterpillar from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 1st. Wells Fargo & Company  reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Caterpillar in a report on Wednesday. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Caterpillar to a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Bank of America Corporation raised Caterpillar from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the company from $105.00 to $120.00 in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, Vetr upgraded Caterpillar from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $90.53 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued  a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. Caterpillar presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $104.20.


 Get Caterpillar Inc. alerts:



Shares of Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) traded up 0.35% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $114.77. The company had a trading volume of 1,249,182 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $67.61 billion. Caterpillar has a 1-year low of $79.93 and a 1-year high of $114.90. The company’s 50-day moving average is $107.25 and its 200-day moving average is $99.67. 




Caterpillar (NYSE:CAT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, July 25th. The industrial products company reported $1.49 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.26 by $0.23. Caterpillar had a return on equity of 18.52% and a net margin of 0.27%. The company had revenue of $11.33 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $10.96 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.09 earnings per share. Caterpillar’s revenue was up 9.6% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Caterpillar will post $4.90 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Axiom Securities Reiterates Sell Rating for Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT)” was first  posted by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/28/axiom-securities-reiterates-sell-rating-for-caterpillar-inc-cat.html. 
Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. S. R. Schill & Associates raised its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 0.3% in the first quarter. S. R. Schill & Associates now owns 2,204 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $204,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the last quarter.  Northstar Group Inc. raised its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 0.3% in the first quarter. Northstar Group Inc. now owns 2,377 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $219,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter.  Clearbridge Investments LLC raised its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 0.3% in the first quarter. Clearbridge Investments LLC now owns 3,635 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $337,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter.  Toth Financial Advisory Corp raised its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 0.3% in the second quarter. Toth Financial Advisory Corp now owns 3,915 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $421,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Tarbox Family Office Inc. raised its position in shares of  Caterpillar by 0.4% in the second quarter. Tarbox Family Office Inc. now owns 2,887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $310,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the last quarter. 70.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 
Caterpillar Company Profile








Receive News & Ratings for Caterpillar Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caterpillar Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website


























































