










 




Katherine Kohler  Thomson - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Katherine Kohler  Thomson
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Katherine Kohler  Thomson. Find out Katherine Kohler  Thomson address and contact details. View other people related to Katherine Kohler  Thomson - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

1221 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS  NEW YORK 10020 NY




Companies related to Katherine Kohler  Thomson
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000908937SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC.EVP, Chief Marketing Officer 1290 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS 11TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10104




Katherine Kohler  Thomson on the Web
Persons related to Katherine Kohler  Thomson - SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC.NamePositionCityDara F  AltmanEVP & Chief Admin. Officer WASHINGTONDara F  AltmanEVP & Chief Admin. Officer NEW YORKJOAN LORDI  AMBLEDirector WASHINGTONJOAN LORDI  AMBLEDirector NEW YORKAPOLLO ADVISORS IV LP10% Owner PURCHASEAPOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO MANAGEMENT IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV LPPURCHASETHOMAS D  BARRYSenior VP & Controller PLEASANTVILLETHOMAS D  BARRYSenior VP & Controller NEW YORKAnthony John  BatesDirector REDMONDLEON D  BLACKDirector NEW YORKLEON D  BLACKDirector NEW YORKGeorge Ward  BodenheimerDirector NEW YORKJames Arthur  CadyEVP, Product and Operations NEW YORKAdrienne Elizabeth  CalderoneSVP and Corporate Controller NEW YORKMark D  CarletonDirector EL SEGUNDOMark D  CarletonDirector NEW YORKJOSEPH P  CLAYTONDirector NEW YORKSTEPHEN  COOKEVP, Sales and Automotive WASHINGTONSTEPHEN  COOKEVP, Sales and Automotive NEW YORKPATRICK L  DONNELLYEVP, General Counsel & Sec. NEW YORKDAVID J A  FLOWERSENGLEWOODDAVID J A  FLOWERSDirector NEW YORKDAVID J  FREARSenior EVP and CFO NEW YORKLAWRENCE F  GILBERTIDirector NEW YORKScott Andrew  GreensteinPres. & Chief Content Officer NEW YORKEDDY W  HARTENSTEINDirector EDDY W  HARTENSTEINDirector NEW YORKJAMES P  HOLDENDirector NEW YORKChester A.  Huber JRNEW YORKGUY D  JOHNSONEVP, Sales & Product Planning NEW YORKMEL  KARMAZINCEO NEW YORKJOSEPH  LAPLANTEJOSEPH  LAPLANTEEVP, Programming NEW YORKMICHAEL S  LEDFORDEVP, Engineering NEW YORKLiberty Interactive Corp10% Owner ENGLEWOODLIBERTY MEDIA CORPDirector ENGLEWOODLIBERTY MEDIA CORP10% Owner ENGLEWOODWARREN N  LIEBERFARBDirector NEW YORKGREGORY B  MAFFEIDirector GREGORY B  MAFFEIDirector NEW YORKEvan Daniel  MaloneDirector ENGLEWOODEVAN DANIEL  MALONEDirector NEW YORKJOHN C  MALONEDirector NEW YORKJOHN C  MALONEENGLEWOODMICHAEL  MCGUINESSDirector MORRISTOWNJohn W  MendelNEW YORKJAMES E  MEYERChief Executive Officer LOS ANGELESJAMES E  MEYERChief Executive Officer NEW YORKJAMES  MOONEYDirector PURCHASEJAMES  MOONEYDirector NEW YORKGARY  PARSONSDirector NEW YORKRobin S  PringleDirector NEW YORKJames Jeaho  RhyuSVP & Chief Accounting Officer NEW YORKEnrique  RodriguezEVP, Operations and Products NEW YORKMARY PATRICIA  RYANEVP, Marketing NEW YORKJACK A  SHAWDirector NEW YORKStarz10% Owner ENGLEWOODCHARLES Y  TANABENEW YORKKatherine Kohler  ThomsonEVP, Chief Marketing Officer NEW YORKJoseph A  VerbruggeEVP, Sales and Development NEW YORKCARL E  VOGELDirector ST. LOUISCARL E  VOGELDirector NEW YORKVANESSA AMES  WITTMANDirector VANESSA AMES  WITTMANDirector NEW YORKDavid  ZaslavDirector ENGLEWOOD CLIFFSDavid  ZaslavDirector NEW YORKJEFFREY D  ZIENTSDirector NEW YORK












 








Katherine Thomson, Sirius XM Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  



























Feedback





Katherine "Kathy" Thomson

Exec VP/Chief Mkt Ofcr,
Sirius XM Holdings Inc






Career History




Exec VP/Chief Mkt Ofcr
Sirius XM Holdings Inc, 12/2013-PRESENT


Chief Operating Officer
Tribune Publishing Co, 4/2013-11/2013


President/COO
Los Angeles Times Media Group, 5/2011-11/2013


Chief of Staff
Los Angeles Times Media Group, 9/2008-2009


VP:Business Operations
Flo TV Inc, FORMER


Chief Operating Officer
Energy Innovations, FORMER


Various Positions
Directv, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.siriusxm.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1290 Avenue of the Americas
11th Floor
New York, NY 10104
United States


Phone:
1-212-584-5100


Fax:
1-212-584-5200


Web url:
www.siriusxm.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Utah
Bachelor's Degree


Loyola Marymount University
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































SIRI Katherine Kohler Thomson Insider Trades for Sirius XM Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Sirius XM Holdings Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SIRI
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Sirius XM Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 7:58 p.m.


SIRI

/quotes/zigman/24833612/composite


$
5.80




Change

-0.01
-0.17%

Volume
Volume 53,853
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/24833612/composite
Today's close

$
			5.83
		


$
				5.81
			
Change

-0.02
-0.34%





Day low
Day high
$5.75
$5.87










52 week low
52 week high

            $4.05
        

            $5.89
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Katherine Kohler Thomson



Ms. Katherine K. Thomson is Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President at Sirius XM Radio, Inc. and Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.
She received her undergraduate degree from the University of Utah and an MBA from Loyola Marymount University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/31/2017
1,358


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/28/2017
1,454


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/02/2017
105,263


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/02/2016
17,141


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.56 per share.


78,163


11/30/2016
952


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/29/2016
16,320


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.36 per share.


71,156


12/02/2015
17,100


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.16 per share.


71,136


07/29/2015
94,937


 
Award at $3.95 per share.


375,001


12/02/2014
12,259


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.61 per share.


44,255


12/02/2013
397,878


 
Award at $3.77 per share.


1,500,000





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Scott Andrew Greenstein 
President & Chief Content Officer




Mr. James E. Meyer 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. James Arthur Cady 
EVP-Operations, Products & Connected Vehicle




Mr. David J. Frear 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive VP




Ms. Dara F. Altman 
Chief Administrative Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Mark D. Carleton 
Director




Dr. Evan Daniel Malone 
Director




Mr. Stephen  Cook 
Executive Vice President-Sales & Automotive




Ms. Katherine Kohler Thomson 
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Michelle  Domínguez 
Head-Media Relations




Mr. Patrick L. Donnelly 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Gregory B. Maffei 
Chairman




Dr. Eddy W. Hartenstein 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Carl E. Vogel 
Independent Director




Mr. George Ward Bodenheimer 
Independent Director




Ms. Joan Lordi C. Amble 
Independent Director




Mr. James P. Holden 
Independent Director




Mr. James F. Mooney 
Independent Director




Ms. Vanessa Ames Wittman 
Independent Director




Mr. David M. Zaslav 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:06 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Katherine Kohler Thomson - Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Katherine Kohler Thomson
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Katherine Kohler Thomson
Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.



 Overview



Age



50
                                  (Born 1967)
                                              




Notable Companies


tronc, Inc.

Energy Innovations, Inc.

Los Angeles Times Media Group




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 485 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
April 2, 2013





                        Kathy Thomson Promoted To Chief Operating Officer Of Tribune Publishing.                    





PR Newswire
April 2, 2013





                        Kathy Thomson Promoted To Chief Operating Officer Of Tribune Publishing                    







 Relationships
              See Details




James E. Meyer

Director & Chief Executive Officer at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.




Eddy W. Hartenstein

In-House Counsel at The DIRECTV Group, Inc.





Gregory B. Maffei

President & Chief Executive Officer at Liberty Interactive Corp.




James F. Mooney

President at Four Horsemen Consulting Group





Scott Andrew Greenstein

President & Chief Content Officer at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.




David J. Frear

Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.





Patrick L. Donnelly

Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.




Dara Altman

Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.





Thomas D. Barry

Controller at Sirius XM Radio, Inc.




Joseph A. Verbrugge

Executive Vice President, Sales & Development at Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.







See 475 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 475 More 


 


 Paths to Katherine Kohler Thomson



            Katherine Kohler Thomson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Katherine Kohler Thomson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Katherine Kohler Thomson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


The University of Utah

                  The University of Utah is a public coeducational space-grant research university in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. As the state's flagship university, the university offers more than 100 undergraduate majors and more than 92 graduate degree programs. Graduate studies include the S.J. Quinney College of Law and the School of Medicine.The university was established in 1850 as the University of Deseret by the General Assembly of the provisional State of Deseret, making it Utah's oldest institution of higher education.It received its current name in 1892, four years before Utah attained statehood, and moved to its current location in 1900.                




 


Loyola Marymount University

                  Founded in 1911, LMU is a premier Catholic university rooted in the Jesuit and Marymount traditions. Our enrollment includes 6,087 undergraduate, 2,220 graduate and 1,236 law school students. Our 142-acre bluff-top campus is located in West Los Angeles and is among the nation's most beautiful and green campuses.                





 Career History



Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2013 - Current                


Sirius XM Radio, Inc.


                  Sirius XM Radio, Inc. provides satellite radio services. It broadcasts music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic,and weather channels, as well as infotainment services, in the U.S. on a subscription fee basis through its two proprietary satellite radio systems. Subscribers can also receive music and other channels, plus features such as SiriusXM On Demand and MySXM, over itsInternet radio service, including through applications for mobile devices. The company is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Chief Marketing Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2013 - Current                


Sirius XM Holdings, Inc.


                  Sirius XM Holdings, Inc. is a radio company. The company offers commercial free music; premier sports and live events; news and comedy; exclusive talk and entertainment and a variety of latin music, sports, and talk programming. Its brand channels include SiriusXM Traffic, SiriusXM Travel Link, NavTraffic, NavWeather, SiriusXM Aviation and SiriusXM Marine. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in New York, NY                




Chief Operating Officer

                                    2013 - 2013                


tronc, Inc.


                  tronc, Inc. is a multiplatform media and marketing solutions company, which engages in the publication of daily newspapers and community publications. The firm's portfolio includes news and information brands for sports, entertainment, business, real estate, and travel. Its offers print, online, mobile, and social platforms. The company was founded on November 21, 2013 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2011 - 2013                


Los Angeles Times Media Group


                  The Los Angeles Times, a Tribune Publishing company, is the largest metropolitan daily newspaper in the country and the winner of 35 Pulitzer Prizes, including five this year – the second-largest yearly total in the history of the awards. The Times publishes five daily regional editions including the Los Angeles metropolitan area, Orange and Ventura counties, the San Fernando Valley, and an Inland Empire edition covering Riverside and San Bernardino counties as well as a National edition.                




Vice President-Business Operations

                                    2009 - 2011                


FLO TV, Inc.


                  FLO TV, Inc. is a private company headquartered in San Diego, CA, that provides live television services on mobile phones.                




Chief of Staff

                                    2008 - 2009                


The Times


                  Part of R.I.S.N. Operations, Inc., The Times is an American company located in Pawtucket, RI, that publishes a newspaper.                




Chief Operating Officer

                                    2007 - 2008                


Energy Innovations, Inc.


                  Energy Innovations, Inc. provides solar electric power services. It develops mass produced rooftop photovoltaic tracking concentrator system. The company was founded by Bill Gross in 2000 and is headquartered in Pasadena, CA.                




Senior Vice President-Sales, Marketing & Operations

                                    Prior                


DIRECTV, Inc.


                  DIRECTV is one of the world's leading providers of digital television entertainment services delivering a premium video experience through state-of-the-art technology, unmatched programming, and industry leading customer service to more than 32 million customers in the U.S. and Latin America.

Content

    DIRECTV offers more than 285 channels with more than 170 HD channels in Dolby-Digital® 5.1 theater-quality sound, access to exclusive programming, and the most comprehensive collection of sports programming available anywhere, including NFL SUNDAY TICKET, NHL® CENTER ICE®, and NBA LEAGUE PASS. DIRECTV also lets you watch the hottest movies and shows anywhere, on your TVs at home, and on your laptop, tablet, and cell phone. We offer access to quality programming delivered to homes, airports, hotels, restaurants, hospitals, office buildings, airplanes, automobiles, and portable electronics. AUDIENCE Network™, a unique and exclusive television experience available only to DIRECTV subscribers, partnered with NBC to produce and air three additional seasons of the Emmy Award-winning series Friday Night Lights and became the exclusive home of the critically-acclaimed, Emmy Award-winning drama Damages starring Glenn Close. Most recently, DIRECTV made its first foray into original content with ROGUE, an exclusive suspense-drama starring award-winning actress Thandie Newton, which is slated to premiere in 2013. The Dan Patrick Show and its companion series The Box Score keep sports fans up to date with the latest sports talk. Viewers also enjoy major events such as the annual DIRECTV Celebrity Beach Bowl, only on DIRECTV's AUDIENCE Network™.

Technology

    Many of our more than 16,000 employees operate our broadcast centers on the ground, monitor our satellites in space and deliver industry-leading service and value. As an all-digital platform, we were the first to deliver an interactive on-screen program guide and Pay Per View ordering by remote control. Our innovations have led to eight Emmy® Awards and hundreds of filings for US patents as we've introduced must-have technologies to the viewing experience.

Service

    For the tenth year in a row, DIRECTV scored higher in customer satisfaction than cable companies measured in the American Customer Satisfaction Index.* More than half of our employees primarily work to deliver the highest level of service to our customers, whether they call 1-800-DIRECTV, work with one of our installers or manage their accounts online at directv.com. We want our customers to rely on us to meet their needs effectively and professionally                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Katherine Kohler Thomson is affiliated with
                            Sirius XM Radio, Inc., Sirius XM Holdings, Inc., tronc, Inc., Los Angeles Times Media Group, FLO TV, Inc., The Times, Energy Innovations, Inc., DIRECTV, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Thomson Katherine Kohler - Sirius XM Radio Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsThomson Katherine KohlerSirius XM Radio (SIRI)EVP, Chief Marketing Officer Not RankedThomson Katherine Kohler's PerformanceThomson Katherine Kohler has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Sirius XM Radio (SIRI)$2MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesSirius XM Radio (SIRI): EVP, Chief Marketing OfficerSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Thomson Katherine Kohler's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateSIRISirius XM RadioEVP, Chief Marketing Officer$2,483,225Uninformative Buy$0Jun 01, 2017Thomson Katherine Kohler has not reported any informative transactions for SIRI, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Jun 01, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 1,358 $5.46 N/A  Mar 02, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 1,454 $5.119 N/A  Feb 06, 2017 Uninformative Buy $0 105,263 $4.765 N/A Show MoreSee All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by


























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































