

 
Independent Review of the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity - Independent Annuity Reviews 
























































 


































0 

Independent Review of the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity
What’s covered in this Review?
In this review we’ll cover the following information on the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity:
Product Type
Fees
Current Rates
Realistic long term investment expectations
What to expect, and what not to expect

Consumers who are familiar with annuities might be impressed by the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity with its promise of low fees, high-quality investments, and guaranteed income options. It sounds like a one-size-fits-all investment solution tailor-made for the average investor, but is this annuity really a good fit for you?
Annuities are long-term investments and variable annuities, in particular, can be expensive to own. The TIAA-CREF has made an admirable effort to eliminate as many of these fees as possible, but at the end of the day, it’s still a variable annuity.
Variable annuities don’t just charge you fees; they can also cost you in other ways that might really matter to someone with a nest egg to preserve for the next 20 to 30 years. It’s not enough to know what benefits and features TIAA-CREF says this annuity can provide, you also have to know how these benefits are arrived at.
Deciding to purchase an annuity is a long-term commitment much like a marriage, which means there are many things you will want to consider before saying, I do. To get the most accurate, nonbiased take on how this annuity performs and what it can actually do in terms of income, protection, and rate of return, we invite you to keep reading. This review can help you uncover how this investment is pitched and how it actually works so you can understand the true cost to you in terms of your hard-earned dollars.
Annuity and Retirement Income Planning Information That You Can Trust
Welcome to Annuity Gator. We strive to produce the most accurate, independent annuity reviews available on the World Wide Web today, and we have been doing so longer than other copycat websites out there. Information about annuities is all over the Internet these days, the word often dangled in front of retirees as either the demon of all investments or the silver bullet that can solve all your problems. So which is it? Our goal is to educate you, the average investor, so you can determine for yourself whether or not a particular annuity is in your best interest.
Who are we? Annuity Gator is made of a group of independent financial professionals dedicated to helping the average person decode the frantic claims made by annuity salespersons and companies, claims that work hard to grab your attention such as:
Highest Payouts!
Lowest Fees!
Top Rated!
Guaranteed Income for the Rest of Your Life!
7-8% Returns with NO Risk to Your Principal!
Any of this sound familiar? Ever wonder if these are too good to be true? It’s not that the claims they make are outright lies, but rather that these features and benefits may not be explained fully, so most people don’t really understand what they are getting into.
For example, that 7 to 8% return with no risk to your principal isn’t on money that you can actually withdraw as a lump sum. Furthermore, in order to get that guarantee, you have to purchase an add-on feature which will change the way the returns are actually calculated. Annuities can get complicated, and sometimes even advisors themselves don’t fully understand how these products really work.
If you’ve got questions about annuities, then you’ve come to the right place for answers. We do the work of translating the fine-print for you, so you can focus on getting what you want in the most efficient way possible, making each dollar count to meet your investment goals.
Let’s get started:
TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity at a Glance:



Product Name TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity 



Issuer TIAA-CREF (Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association- College Retirement Equities Fund)



Standard & Poor’s Rating:AAA (exceptionally strong)



Phone Number877 554-8282



Websitewww.tiaa.org 




Opening Thoughts on the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity
One notable difference about this variable annuity is its noble origins. In 1918 the Carnegie Foundation formed the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association (TIAA) with the specific purpose of offering a retirement plan and pension system for professors. They followed a long-term approach to investing that fortified the company against the Great Depression. When the average rate of inflation jumped to 18.2% in 1946 and people started living longer, however, the TIAA decided it was time to get into the stock market.
In 1952, they created the College Retirement Equities Fund (CREF) which was, in effect, the country’s very first variable annuity. With such historic beginnings, it makes sense that the TIAA-CREF has had time to perfect their product, and as a company, they have a rock-solid rating. Your annuity is only as strong as the claims-paying ability of the issuing company, and you can’t get better than an AAA rating.
Another notable feature offered by the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable is the promise of low fees and no surrender charges, both of which are rare offerings inside a variable annuity product. Let’s take a look at these claims closely in terms of the promises made by this annuity: to grow your money and to structuring your money for income.
Growing Your Money: Before you retire, your focus is on accumulation. If you are an investor who is considering this variable annuity with the goal of accumulation, the TIAA-CREF offers about 40 choices from 14 different investment management firms, which is low compared to other variable annuities out there. You will be charged a fair management fee for each fund that you choose in addition to the other fees charged by the insurance company. We will explore these fees at length in a later section, but for now, you want to ask yourself: if your goal is to grow your money, then why would you have it in a vehicle where you also have to pay fees to an insurance company?
On another note, a closer examination of the prospectus reveals tiers of investment options only available as a separate account (VA-3) which, and we quote here from the prospectus, “provides variable annuities for employees of colleges, universities, other educational and research organizations, and other governmental and nonprofit institutions.” If your employer does not offer the TIAA-CREF as an investment option, and you are working with a third-party financial advisor who is selling you this product, then be aware that he or she may deduct a fee from your annuity for the privilege of accessing these funds.
Structuring Money for Income: The insurance company is there to provide the guaranteed income side of the equation when the time comes. Here is where things start to get complicated because the features and benefits of the product start to change. BEFORE you start the income payments, you have the option to exit the contract without surrender charges (although if you are under the age of 59 ½, you may be assessed other penalties.) However, you cannot get income guarantees (or the guaranteed rates of return associated with those options) until your elect an annuity income option.
Without the annuity income option, your income payments and minimum income amount are NOT guaranteed. You can access your money, but you can also lose your money. For example, if you want to take out a portion of your money for income or to make a down payment on a condo, you can take your money out of the annuity without being assessed a surrender charge by TIAA-CREF. Like any mutual fund in the stock market, however, the value of your Intelligent Variable Annuity could be up or it could be down.
We call withdrawing money from a fluctuating account “reverse dollar cost averaging” because you risk losing the compounding ability of your investment. When this happens at or near retirement, you risk running out of money, which is why you don’t want to take out the retirement income you are depending on from investments that may go up and down in value.
As you near or enter retirement, most people are looking for guarantees. How does the TIAA-CREF compare to other annuities in terms of these guarantees? Overall, I’d say the guarantees they offer lock you in and give you less opportunity for growth as compared to other annuities on the market today. The fixed indexed annuity, for example, can give you the same income guarantees with more flexibility and access to your money, and for the same low fees. Furthermore, the TIAA-CREF variable annuity gives you NO potential for capturing the upside potential of the market while getting downside protection. You can get this with other annuity products (such as the FIA) on the market.
There’s more to dig into here on the income side of things, but first, here are some legal disclosures…
This is an independent product review, not a recommendation to buy or sell an annuity. TIAA-CREF has not endorsed this review in any way nor do we receive any compensation for this review. This review is meant to be an independent review at the request of readers so they could see our perspective when breaking down the positives and negatives of this particular model annuity. Before purchasing any investment product be sure to do your own due diligence and consult a properly licensed professional should you have specific questions as they relate to your individual circumstances. All names, marks, and materials used for this review are the property of their respective owners.
How TIAA-CREF Describes the Intelligent Variable Annuity.
TIAA-CREF describes the benefits and features of this annuity on their website as follows:
A low-cost retirement solution
Potential for growth that can outpace inflation
Tax-deferred earnings (a benefit all annuities provide)
Investment options with unlimited contribution limits
No surrender charges
A variety of distribution options including lifetime income
Their biggest claim-to-fame is their low fees, but this list here covers a few other highlights. If you want to find the website and/or prospectus, you can click HERE.
How Financial Advisors Might Present This Annuity to You
TIAA-CREF sounds like an organization with its heart in the right place with their mission of serving people who have given their lives to the service to others. As a company that originally structured pensions for teachers, you would expect this variable annuity to deliver. Their feel-good marketing materials make a lot of claims that, while true individually, may not all come together to paint the rosy picture you might be led to believe.
Here are the three main concepts you may hear sales professionals use when explaining this particular variable annuity, followed by a translation so you can understand what that means to you.
This investment can grow your money faster because the funds accumulate tax-deferred.
Lower fees also mean greater accumulation as compared to other annuities.
You have the option to receive fixed income payments for as long as you and/or your spouse live, or you can receive payments for a fixed period of time.
First, let’s take a look at growth. All annuities regardless of whether they are a variable or fixed are able to grow your money tax deferred. This means that you pay the taxes on the qualified money you put into the investment only when you take it out. This is how traditional IRAs and 401(k)s are designed – to help encourage investors to save.
If you are already putting the maximum amount of money into these savings vehicles and you are looking for an investment to grow even more money tax-deferred, then this annuity might make sense. However, if security is an issue – for example, you are ten or fewer years away from retirement – then other, more secure options might be a better choice. There are tax-deferred investments out there that can grow your money without exposing it directly to the stock market loss.
Second, even though the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Annuity does an admirable job of keeping its fees low for a variable annuity, using it as an accumulation vehicle has several drawbacks. As an insurance product participating in the stock market, you will be charged fees on both sides of the table. While the management fees charged for each mutual fund selection are reasonable and fair, you’re also going to get hit on the insurance end while growing that money.
This variable annuity (like all variable annuities) will deduct a mortality and expense fees and risk fees from your account every year even before you start taking income because the insurance company knows that one day, they will be responsible for guaranteeing that income. Furthermore, to ensure your beneficiaries will get this money should you pass away before turning on the income stream, you also need a Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit (GMDB) which increases your fees by .10%.
The advertisements for the TIAA-CREF point out that on a $100,000 investment, each .05% increase in fees can decrease your savings by at least $22,000 over 20 years (assuming a 6% annual rate of return.) TIAA CREF describes the reason for this fee in the fine print of their prospectus: “TIAA’s mortality risks come from its obligations to make annuity payments.” If growing and accumulating money is your current goal, why would any intelligent person choose an investment where you are paying out fees for something you don’t even need? 
There’s also more to unravel here on the income side of things. The TIAA-CREF Intelligent Annuity does offer single and joint life guaranteed income options, but because the investments inside this variable annuity work against the goal of guaranteeing income, it will ultimately result in less income paid to you than what you could get from other annuities.
You can also expect more restrictions. In order to get the guaranteed options offered by the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable annuity, your money is annuitized. To annuitize basically, means to trade in a sum of money in exchange for a regular income payment. This means you are locked out of the account, and your beneficiaries (such as your spouse) won’t receive any of this money when you pass away unless you have a remaining guarantee period or have elected a joint life option. Furthermore, with this particular variable annuity, you can’t change your mind and stop taking the income once you turn it on. Yikes! Yet another reason why you want to be very sure before you decide to take the plunge.
What About the Fees?
The TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity lives up to its claims as a low-fee variable annuity. The annual charges drop after the first ten years that you own the annuity, there are no surrender charges, no front-load fees, and the fund expenses are low as compared to other variable annuities. Another thing to note (and this is common with all annuities) is that the more money you invest, the lower your charges will be.
The current maximum annual annuity expense charges for the TIAA-CREF variable ranges from 0.45% to 0.70%. If the Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit is selected, then the maximum expense charge ranges from 0.55% to 0.80%.
There is no front-end sales load charged on the sale of this annuity at the time of its purchase, no surrender charge as a percentage of the premium, no transfer fee or contract fee (unless your annuity is under $25,000, in which case you will be charged an annual fee of $25.00). Not bad for a variable annuity, especially when you consider that front-load fees instantly reduce the interest earning muscle of your investment.
What does all of this mean to you? Here is a breakdown of all the fees:
M&E: .05% to .50%
Administrative Charge: .05% to 1.50%
Sales Charge: 0%
Annual Expense Charge: .45% to .80%
Fund Fees: 0.10% to 1.35%.
Fee Total: .65% to 4.15%
The bottom line for you, the investor is this: even though the Intelligent Variable Annuity is a low-fee variable annuity, it’s still a variable annuity. If you don’t take the time to choose your investments based on your current needs, then you’ll end up in a one-size-fits-all investment designed to do everything, which means you could still end up paying more in fees than you have to.
The Annuity Gators End-Take on the TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity.
Where it works best:
As an investment for people who are already making the maximum contributions to their IRA or 401(k) savings plan and have additional money they want to put away.
As a catch-up investment to accumulate more money for retirement in a tax-deferred vehicle.
For investors who need a source of guaranteed income delivered by a company with an excellent track record.
Where it works WORST:
For young investors who are not currently investing in their company 401(k) or a traditional IRA.
For investors who do not need a source of guaranteed income.
For investors who will be retiring in the next 5 to 10 years and don’t need to take on additional risk in their portfolio.
In Summary
Variable annuities like this one are often sold as the magic solution to the retirement conundrum because they can do two things at once: grow your money and structure it later for guaranteed income. The TIAA-CREF Intelligent Variable Annuity does live up to its claim as a low-fee variable annuity (compared to other variable annuities), but you can find other investments that do a better job of growth or income preservation for the same low fees, particularly if you are at or nearing retirement.
In terms of growth, you will be charged the fund management fees in addition to the M&E fees charged by the insurance company regardless of when you actually need the income. Also, remember that higher return rates within the variable annuity do not mean that you will get higher income payouts.
As an income producing investment, this particular variable annuity requires annuitization in order to receive income payments, which means you will be locked into your decisions and denied access to your money as a lump sum. There are other options out there that can give you a lot more flexibility and a higher income payout for the same promise of low fees.
So what does all this mean to you? If you are at or near retirement and concerned about the preservation of your money, then you should be aware that a variable annuity DOES expose your money to market risk, which makes it difficult for the insurance company to guarantee you an income payment. The result is a lower monthly income than you would get with other annuities designed to hedge against inflation (such as the fixed indexed annuity) that don’t have that risky, variable component.
Thanks for bearing with us on this rather long post. If you found it helpful, please spread the word and share it with others.
Lastly, like all humans – we do make mistakes. If you see one on this review please reach out and let us know since annuity terms and rates change since we published this review. We are always more than happy to make corrections and give credit where it is due. If you’re an investor and this review causes confusion and creates questions, feel free to reach out as well. We can’t always get back right away, but we can usually clear up any questions within a day or two.
Have an Annuity You’d Like to See Reviewed?
No problem, our team of highly trained annuity geeks can jump to it! Click here to get started and we’ll do our best to get it online as soon as possible.

 




Related Posts


Independent Review of the Lincoln National Lincoln OptiChoice Fixed Index Annuity



Independent Review of the Pacific Life Pacific Frontiers II, 1 Year Guarantee Fixed Annuity



Independent Review of the Oxford Life Multi-Select 7 Fixed Annuity



Independent Review of the National Integrity Life SPDA Series II, 1 Year Guarantee Fixed Annuity



Independent Review of the Fidelity Investment Life Insurance Company Personal Retirement Variable Annuity



Independent Review of the Great West Financial Smart Track Advisor Variable Annuity



Which Is Better, The Mutual Fund Or The Variable Annuity?



Jackson National Perspective II Variable Annuity Prospectus







Click Here to Leave a Comment Below
  0 comments 









Leave a Reply:








 Notify me of new posts by email. 

















Top Annuity Reviews





Independent Review of the Security Benefit Total Value Annuity






Independent Review of the American Equity Bonus Gold Annuity with LIBR [May 2017]






Independent, Objective Review of the Allianz 222 Annuity – [July 2017 Update]






Independent Review of the Allianz Master Dex X Index Annuity






What are the Average (real) Returns of Fixed Indexed Annuities?












 























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














SEC Info - TIAA Separate Account VA-3, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 12/22/06











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




TIAA Separate Account VA-3, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 12/22/06On:  Friday, 12/22/06, at 12:20pm ET   ·   Effective:  12/22/06   ·   Accession #:  930413-6-8817   ·   File #s:  811-21907, 333-134820
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  None   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 5/1/07   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/25/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

12/22/06  TIAA Separate Account VA-3        485BPOS    12/22/06   10:487K                                   Command Financial
          → TIAA Separate Account VA-3 ⇒ Tiaa Access
F-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     Post-Effective Amendment                            HTML    106K 
 8: EX-99.(10)(A)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                            HTML      7K 
 9: EX-99.(10)(B)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                            HTML      6K 
10: EX-99.(10)(C)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                            HTML      7K 
 2: EX-99.(3)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     34K 
 3: EX-99.(8)(A)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     93K 
 4: EX-99.(8)(B)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     86K 
 5: EX-99.(8)(C)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     62K 
 6: EX-99.(8)(D)  Miscellaneous Exhibit                             HTML     96K 
 7: EX-99.(9)   Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     11K 

D-->485BPOS   —   Post-Effective Amendment
H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->485BPOS1st "Page" of 15TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
 As filed with the Securities
  and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2006 
 Registration File Nos. 333-134820 and 811-21907


U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549



  FORM N-4
  



REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933    [      ]
Pre-Effective Amendment No. [      ] 
Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 x 




and/or  




REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940    [      ]
  Amendment No. 2  x 




(Check appropriate box or boxes.)

TIAA Separate Account VA-3

(Exact Name of Registrant)  

Teachers Insurance and
Annuity Association of America
(Name of Insurance Company)



730 Third Avenue  
New York, New York 10017  
(Address of Insurance Company’s Principal Executive
  Offices)


Insurance Company’s Telephone Number, Including
  Area Code: (212) 490-9000



Name and Address of Agent for Service:
Stewart P. Greene, Esquire
Teachers Insurance and Annuity
Association of America
730 Third Ave
New York, New York 10017-3206 

 

Copy to:
Mary E. Thornton, Esquire
Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP
1275 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
Washington, D.C. 20004-2415 





It is proposed that this filing will become effective
(check appropriate box)  
   x     immediately
  upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485  
o     on
  (date), pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485  
o     60
  days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485  
o     on
  (date) pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485  
 If appropriate, check the following box:  
 o     This
  post-effective amendment designates a new effective date for a previously
  filed post-effective amendment. 

Title & Securities Being Registered:           Interests in a separate account funding variable annuity contracts.  



P-->485BPOS2nd "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
This registration statement incorporates by reference
  the prospectus and statement of additional information (including the financial statements) dated October 2, 2006
  for the contracts, as filed in Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration
Statement on Form N-4 (File No. 333-134820) filed on September 29, 2006. 
  



P-->485BPOS3rd "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
Part C - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 24.      Financial Statements and Exhibits




 
(a) Financial
  statements   
 
 



 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Part A: None
 
 


 
 

 
 


 
 
Part B: Includes the following financial
  statements of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America.  
 
 


 
 

 
 


 
 

TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA 
  
 
  
 

  


 
 

Audited Statutory-Basis Financial Statements 
  
 
  
 

  


 
 
 December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003: 
  
 
  
 

  


 
 

                    Report of Management Responsibility 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Report of the Audit Committee 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Balance Sheets 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Statements of Operations 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Statements of Changes in Capital and Surplus 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Statements of Cash Flows 
  
 
  

B- 
  


 
 

                    Notes to Statutory-Basis Financial Statements 
  
 
  

B- 
  





 
  
 (b) Exhibits:  
  
  


  
  
 (1 
 )  
  
 Resolutions of the Board of Directors of Teachers Insurance and Annuity  


  
  
 
  
  
 Association of America
  establishing the Registrant (Incorporated by reference 
  to Registrant’s
  Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement 
  on Form N-4,
  Registration No. 333-134820 Filed September 29, 2006.)


  
  
 (2 
 )  
  
 None  
  
  


  
  
 (3 
 )  
  
 Form of Distribution Agreement    


  
  
 (4 
 )  
  
(A) 
 
RA Annuity Wrap Endorsement (Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Initial Registration Statement on  Form N-4, Registration No. 333-134820 Filed June 7, 2006.)


 
 
 
 
 
(B)
 
SRA Annuity Wrap Endorsement (Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Initial Registration Statement on  Form N-4, Registration No. 333-134820 Filed June 7, 2006.)


 
 
 
 
 
(C)
 
GRA Annuity Wrap Endorsement (Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Initial Registration Statement on  Form N-4, Registration No. 333-134820 Filed June 7, 2006.)


 
 
 
 
 
(D)
 
GSRA Annuity Wrap Endorsement (Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Initial Registration Statement on  Form N-4, Registration No. 333-134820 Filed June 7, 2006.)


  
  
 (5 
 )  
  
 None  
  
  


  
  
 (6 
 )  
  
 (A)  
  
 Charter of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of  


  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 America (Incorporated
  by reference to Registrant’s Pre-Effective 
  Amendment No. 1 to the
  Registration Statement on Form N-4, 
  Registration No. 333-134820 Filed
September 29, 2006.)


  
  
 
  
  
 (B)  
  
 Bylaws of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of  


  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 America (Incorporated by reference
  to Registrant’s Pre-Effective 
  Amendment No. 1 to the Registration
  Statement on Form N-4, 
  Registration No. 333-134820 Filed September 29,
2006.)


  
  
 (7 
 )  
  
 None  
  
  


  
  
 (8 
 )  
  
 (A)  
  
 Form of Participation Agreement among Teachers Insurance and Annuity
  Association of America, TIAA-CREF Institutional Mutual Funds, Teachers
  Advisors, Inc., and Teachers Personal Investors Services, Inc.


 
 
 
 
 
(B)
 
 Form of Participation Agreement between Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC, Western Asset Management Company, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America


 
 
 
 
 
(C)
 
 Form of Participation Agreement between T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America


 
 
 
 
 
(D)
 
Form of Participation Agreement between
  Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional
  Services, LLC, American Funds Distributors, Inc., American Funds Service
  Company, and Capital Research and Management Company


  
  
 (9 
 )  
  
 Opinion and consent of George W. Madison, Esquire 


 
 
 (10 
 )  
  
 (A)  
  
 Consent of Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP 




 
  
  
 (B)  
  
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered  


  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Public Accounting Firm 




 
  
  
 (C)  
  
 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public  




 
  
  
  
  
 Accounting Firm 




 
  
  
 (D)  
  
 Consent of George W. Madison, Esquire (See exhibit 9)  


 
 
 (11 
 )  
  
 None  
  
  


 
 
 (12 
 )  
  
 None
  
  







P-->485BPOS4th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th



Item 25.      Directors
and Officers of the Depositor 
  


 

  




  
  
  
 Positions and Offices  


  
 Name and Principal
  Business Address  
  
 with Insurance Company  


 





  


  
 Herbert M. Allison, Jr.  
  
 Trustee, Chairman, President  


  
 TIAA-CREF  
  
 and Chief Executive Officer  


  
 730 Third Avenue  
  
  


  
 New York, New York 10017-3206  
  
  


  


  
 Elizabeth E. Bailey  
  
 Trustee  


  
 John C. Hower Professor
  of  
  
  


  
 Public Policy and Management  
  
  


  
 The Wharton School  
  
  


  
 University of Pennsylvania  
  
  


  
 Suite 3100  
  
  


  
 Steinberg-Dietrich Hall  
  
  


  
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
19104-6372  
  
  


  


  
 Robert C. Clark  
  
 Trustee  


  
 Distinguished Service
  Professor  
  
  


  
 Harvard Law School  
  
  


  
 Harvard University  
  
  


  
 Houser Hall 404  
  
  


  
 1575 Massachusetts Avenue  
  
  


  
 Cambridge, Massachusetts
02138  
  
  


  


  
 Edward M. Hundert, M.D.  
  
 Trustee  


  
 President  
  
  


  
 Case Western Reserve
  University  
  
  


  
 Adelbert Hall 216  
  
  


  
 10900 Euclid Ave.  
  
  


  
 Cleveland, Ohio 44106-7001  
  
  






P-->485BPOS5th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th


 
 


 

Marjorie Fine Knowles 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Professor of Law 
  
 
  




 

Georgia State University 
  
 
  




 

College of Law 
  
 
  




 

P.O. Box 4037 
  
 
  




 

Atlanta, Georgia 30302-4037 
  
 
  




 
 
 
 






 

Donald K. Peterson 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
  
 
  




 

Avaya Inc. 
  
 
  




 

211 Mt. Airy Road, Room 3W240 
  
 
  




 

Basking Ridge, New Jersey 07920 
  
 
  




 

  


 

Sidney A. Ribeau 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

President, Bowling Green University 
  
 
  




 

McFall Center, Room 220 
  
 
  




 

Bowling Green, OH 43403 
  
 
  




 

  


 

Leonard S. Simon 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Former Vice Chairman 
  
 
  




 

Charter One Financial, Inc. 
  
 
  




 

95 Hupi Road 
  
 
  




 

P.O. Box 538 
  
 
  




 

Monterey, Massachusetts 01245 
  
 
  




 

  


 

David F. Swensen 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Chief Investment Officer 
  
 
  




 

Yale Investments Office 
  
 
  




 

55 Whitney Avenue, Suite 500 
  
 
  




 

New Haven, Connecticut 06510-1300 
  
 
  




 

  


 

Ronald L. Thompson 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
  
 
  




 

Midwest Stamping and Manufacturing Company 
  
 
  




 

3455 Briarfield Road, Suite A 
  
 
  




 

P.O. Box 1120 
  
 
  




 

Maumee, Ohio 43537 
  
 
  




 

  


 

Marta Tienda 
  
 
  




 

Maurice P. During ‘22 Professor in 
  
 
  




 

Demographic Studies 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Woodrow Wilson School 
  
 
  




 

Princeton University 
  
 
  




 

Princeton, NJ 08544-1013 
  
 
  




 

  


 

Paul R. Tregurtha 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
  
 
  




 

Mormac Marine Group, Inc. and Moran 
  
 
  




 

Transportation Company, Inc.; Vice Chairman, 
  
 
  




 

Interlake Steamship Company and Lakes 
  
 
  




 

Shipping Company 
  
 
  




 

One Landmark Square, Suite 710 
  
 
  




 

Stamford, Connecticut 06901-2608 
  
 
  








P-->485BPOS6th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th


 

Rosalie J. Wolf 
  
 
  

Trustee 
  


 

Managing Partner 
  
 
  
 

  


 

Botanica Capital Partners LLC 
  
 
  
 

  


 

110 East 59th Street, Suite 2100 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10022 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

Gary Chinery 
  
 
  

Vice President and Treasurer 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  
 

  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

Scott C. Evans 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President and 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

Chief Investment Officer 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

I . Steven Goldstein 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President, Public 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

Affairs 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

E. Laverne Jones 
  
 
  

Vice President and Corporate 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

Secretary 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

Susan S. Kozik 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President and 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

Chief Technology Officer 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

George W. Madison 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President and 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

General Counsel 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

Erwin W. Martens 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President, Risk 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

Management 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

Frances Nolan 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President, Client 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  

Services 
  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 
Dermot J. O’Brian  
 
Executive Vice President, Human  


 
TIAA-CREF  
 
Resources  


 
730 Third Avenue  
 
 


 
New York, New York 10017-3206  
 
 



 
 
 


 

Georganne C. Proctor   
  
 
  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  


 

TIAA-CREF 
  
 
  
 

  


 

730 Third Avenue 
  
 
  
 

  


 

New York, New York 10017-3206 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 
 Bertram L. Scott  
  
 Executive Vice President of Strategy, Implementation  


 
 TIAA-CREF  
  
 & Policy   


 
 730 Third Avenue  
  
  


 
 New York, New York 10017-3206  
  
  


 
 
 
 


 
 Edward D. Van Dolson  
  
 Executive Vice President, Institutional Client Services  


 
 TIAA-CREF  
  
  


 
 730 Third Avenue  
  
  


 
 New York, New York 10017-3206  
  
  






P-->485BPOS7th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th




Item 26. 
  

Persons Controlled by or under Common Control with the 
  





Depositor or Registrant 
  




The following companies are subsidiaries of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and are included in the consolidated financial statements of Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America. 

All Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America subsidiary companies are Delaware corporations, except as indicated. 
485 Properties, LLC 
730 Texas Forest Holdings, Inc. 
Ataya Hardwoods, LLC 
Bethesda ARC, LLC 
Bethesda HARC, LLC 
Bisys Crossings I, LLC 
Boca 10 A & B LLC 
Boca 10 C & D LLC 
Boca 11 A LLC 
Boca 54 Land Associates LLC 
Boca 54 North LLC 
CTG & P, LLC 
DAN Properties, Inc. 
GA-Buckhead, L.L.C. 
IL-161 Clark Street, L.L.C. 
JV Georgia One, Inc. 
JV Minnesota One, Inc. 
JV North Carolina One, Inc. 
JWL Properties, Inc. 
Kaspick & Company, LLC 
Liberty Place Retail, Inc. 
Light St. Partners LLP 
M.O.A. Enterprises, Inc. 
MOA Investors I, Inc. 
ND Properties, Inc. (2)
One Boston Place, LLC 
One Boston Place Real Estate Investment Trust
Savannah Teachers Properties, Inc. 
Storage Portfolio I, LLC 
T-C Sports Co., Inc. 
TCAM Core Property Fund GP LLC 
TCAM Core Property Fund Operating GP LLC
TCAM Core Property Fund REIT LLC
TCPC Associates, LLC
TCT Holdings, Inc. 
T-Investment Properties Corp. 
T-Land Corp. 
Teachers Advisors, Inc. 
Teachers Belvidere Properties, LLC
Teachers Boca Properties II, Inc. 
Teachers Concourse, LLC 
Teachers Mayflower, LLC 
Teachers Michigan Properties, Inc. 
Teachers Pennsylvania Realty, Inc.




P-->485BPOS8th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th


Teachers Personal Investors Services, Inc.
Teachers REA, LLC 
Teachers REA II, LLC 
Teachers REA III, LLC
Teachers West, LLC 
TIAA 485 Boca 54 LLC 
TIAA 485 Clarendon, LLC 
TIAA Bay Isle Key II Member, LLC 
TIAA Bay Isle Key II, LLC 
TIAA Canada Retail Business Trust 
TIAA CMBS I, LLC 
TIAA Diamond Investor, LLC 
TIAA European Funding Trust 
TIAA Florida Mall, LLC 
TIAA Franklin Square, LLC 
TIAA-Fund Equities, Inc. 
TIAA Global Markets, Inc. 
TIAA Lakepointe, LLC 
TIAA Miami International Mall, LLC 
TIAA Realty, Inc. 
TIAA Realty Capital Management, LLC 
TIAA Retail Commercial LLC 
TIAA-Shenandoah, LLC 
TIAA Stafford-Harrison, LLC 
TIAA SF One, LLC 
TIAA Timberlands I, LLC 
TIAA Timberlands II, LLC 
TIAA The Reserve II Member, LLC 
TIAA The Reserve II, LLC 
TIAA West Town Mall, LLC 
TIAA-CREF Enterprises, Inc. 
TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC
TIAA-CREF Insurance Agency, LLC
TIAA-CREF International Investments Limited
TIAA-CREF Investment Management, LLC 
TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company 
TIAA-CREF Redwood, LLC 
TIAA-CREF Trust Company, FSB 
TIAA-CREF Tuition Financing, Inc. 
TREA 10 Schalks Crossing Road, LLC 
TREA 1401 H, LLC 
TREA Broadlands, LLC 
TREA GA Reserve, LLC 
TREA Retail Property Portfolio 2006, LLC 
TREA Weston, LLC
TREA Wilshire Rodeo, LLC




P-->485BPOS9th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th

WA-WTC, L.L.C. 
WRC Properties, Inc.

Notes: 




(1)


All subsidiaries are Delaware entities except as follows: 
  





a) 
  

Maryland entities: Light Street Partners, LLP, and One Boston Place Real Estate Investment Trust 
  





b) 
  

New York company: TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company 
  





c) 
  

Pennsylvania non-stock, non-profit corporations: Liberty Place Retail, Inc. Teachers Pennsylvania Realty, Inc. 
  





d) 
  

TIAA-CREF Trust Company, FSB is a Federal Savings Bank 
  





e) 
  

TIAA-CREF International Investments Limited was formed in Jersey Channel Islands. 
  


 

  

(2) ND Properties, Inc. wholly or partially owns interests in six Delaware entities
  and twenty three foreign entities. 



P-->485BPOS10th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th

Item 27.     Number of Contractowners

As of the date hereof, there are no owners of the Contracts.



P-->485BPOS11th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th

Item 28.     Indemnification

Trustees, officers, and employees of TIAA may be indemnified against liabilities and expenses incurred in such capacity pursuant to Article Six of TIAA’s bylaws (see Exhibit 6(B)). Article Six provides that, to the extent
permitted by law, TIAA will indemnify any person made or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was a trustee, officer, or employee of TIAA or, while a trustee, officer, or
employee of TIAA, served any other organization in any capacity at TIAA’s request. To the extent permitted by law, such indemnification could include judgments, fines, amounts paid in settlement, and expenses, including attorney's fees. TIAA
has in effect an insurance policy that will indemnify its trustees, officers, and employees for liabilities arising from certain forms of conduct.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to officers and directors of the Depositor, pursuant to the foregoing provision or otherwise, the Depositor has been advised that
in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in that Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the
payment by the Depositor of expenses incurred or paid by a director or officer in connection with the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by a director or officer in connection with the securities being registered, the
Depositor will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in that
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 
Item 29.     Principal Underwriters
      (a)      TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC, acts as principal underwriter for Registrant, College Retirement Equities Fund, the TIAA Real Estate Account, the unregistered TIAA-CREF Asset Management Commingled Funds Trust I and TIAA-CREF Asset Management Core Property Fund LP.

     (b)      The officers of TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC and their positions and offices with TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional Services, LLC  and the Registrant are listed in Schedule A of Form BD as currently on file with the Commission (File No. 8-47051), the text of which
is hereby incorporated by reference. 
     (c)      Not Applicable.



P-->485BPOS12th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th

Item 30.      Location of Accounts and Records 

     All accounts, books and other documents required to be maintained by Section 31(a) of the 1940 Act and the rules promulgated thereunder are maintained at the Registrant's home office, 730 Third
Avenue, New York, New York 10017, and at another office of the Registrant located at 750 Third Avenue in New York, New York 10017. In addition, certain duplicated records are maintained at Iron Mountain (Pierce Leahy) Archives, 64
Leone Lane, Chester, New York 10918, Citistorage, 20 North 12th Street, Brooklyn, New York 11211, File Vault, 839 Exchange Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28208,
and JP Morgan Chase Bank, 4 Chase Metrotech Center Brooklyn, New York 11245. 
Item 31.     Management Services
      Not Applicable.

Item 32.       Undertakings


     (a)      The Registrant undertakes to file a post-effective amendment to this Registration Statement as frequently as is necessary to ensure that the audited financial statements in the Registration
Statement are never more than 16 months old for so long as payments under the variable annuity contracts may be accepted. 

     (b)      The Registrant undertakes to include either (1) as part of any application to purchase a contract offered by the Prospectus, a space that an applicant can check to request a Statement of
Additional Information, or (2) a postcard or similar written communication affixed to or included in the Prospectus that the applicant can remove to send for a Statement of Additional Information. 

     (c)      The Registrant undertakes to deliver any Statement of Additional Information and any financial statements required to be made available under Form N-4 promptly upon written or oral request.


     (d)      Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America represents that the fees and charges deducted under the Contracts, in the aggregate, are reasonable in relation to the services rendered, the
expenses expected to be incurred, and the risks assumed by Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America. Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America bases its representation on its assessment of all of the facts and circumstances,
including such relevant factors, as: the nature and extent of such services, expenses and risks; the need for Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America to earn a profit; and the degree to which the contracts include innovative features.
This representation applies to all contracts sold pursuant to this Registration Statement, including those sold on the terms specifically described in the Prospectus contained herein, or any variations therein, based on supplements, endorsements, or
riders to any Contracts or prospectus, or otherwise. 



P-->485BPOS13th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th


SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933
and the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Registrant, TIAA Separate Account
VA-3, certifies that it meets the requirements of Securities Act Rule 485(b)
for effectiveness of this Registration Statement and has caused this Post-Effective
 Amendment to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, duly authorized, in
the City of New York, and State of New York, on the 22nd day of December, 2006. 


 

TIAA SEPARATE ACCOUNT VA-3 
  


 

  


 

TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY 
  


 

ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA (On behalf of 
  


 

Registrant and itself) 
  


 

  


 

  


 

By: 
  

/s/ 
Edward D. Van Dolsen 
  


 
 
 
 


 

Name: 
  

Edward D. Van Dolsen 
  


 

Title: 
  

Executive Vice President 
  




 As required by the Securities Act of 1933, this Post-Effective
Amendment No. 1 has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 



Signature 
  
 
  
 Title 
  
 
  

Date 
  




 

 



 

  



/s/ 
Edward D. Van Dolsen 
  
 
  
 Executive Vice President 
  
 
  

December 22, 2006 
  



 
(Principal Executive Officer)  
 
 



Edward D. Van Dolsen 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 

  


 

  


 

  



/s/ 
Georganne Proctor 
  
 
  

Executive Vice President and 
  
 
  

December 22, 2006 
  



 
Chief Financial Officer  
 
 



Georganne Proctor 
  
 
  
(Principal Financial Officer 
  
 
  
 

  


 

  
 

  
 
  
and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 
  
 

  


 

  
 

  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 

  





P-->485BPOS14th "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th




SIGNATURE OF TRUSTEE 
  
 


DATE 
  
 
 SIGNATURE OF TRUSTEE  
 
 
DATE   


 
  
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 



/s/ Herbert M. Allison, Jr.
 


December 22, 2006 
  
 
 /s/ Sydney A Ribeau
 


December 22, 2006 
  



 
 
 

 
 



Herbert M. Allison, Jr. 
  
 



 
 Sydney A Ribeau  
 





 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 



/s/ Elizabeth E. Bailey 
 


December 22, 2006 
  
 
 /s/ Leonard S. Simon  
 


December 22, 2006 
  



 
 
 

 
 



Elizabeth E. Bailey 
  
 



 
 Leonard S. Simon  
 





 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 



/s/ Robert C. Clark 
 


December 22, 2006 
  
 
 /s/ David F. Swensen 
 


December 22, 2006 
  



 
 
 

 
 



Robert C. Clark 
  
 



 
 David F. Swensen  
 





 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 



/s/ Edward M. Hundert 
 


December 22, 2006 
  
 
 /s/ Ronald K. Thompson 
 


December 22, 2006 
  



 
 
 

 
 



Edward M. Hundert M.D. 
  
 



 
 Ronald K. Thompson  
 





 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 



/s/ Marjorie Fine Knowles 
 


December 22, 2006 
  
 
 /s/ Marta Tienda 
 


December 22, 2006 
  



 
 
 

 
 



Marjorie Fine Knowles 
  
 



 
Marta Tienda  
 





 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 



/s/ Donald K. Peterson 
 


December 22, 2006 
  
 
 /s/ Paul R. Tregurtha  
 


December 22, 2006 
  



 
 
 

 





Donald K. Peterson 
  
 



 
Paul R. Tregurtha  
 




 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 
 /s/ Rosalie J. Wolf 
 

December 22, 2006 
  


 
 
 
 

 
 


 
 
 
 
Rosalie J. Wolf
 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 






P-->485BPOSLast "Page" of 15TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th

Exhibit Index




(3 
)
 
Form of Distribution Agreement


 
 
 
 



(8 
)
 
(A) Form of Participation Agreement among Teachers Insurance and Annuity
  Association of America, TIAA-CREF Institutional Mutual Funds, Teachers
  Advisors, Inc., and Teachers Personal Investors Services, Inc. 


 
 
 
 (B) Form of Participation Agreement between Legg Mason Investor Services, LLC, Western Asset Management Company, and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America


 
 
 
 (C) Form of Participation Agreement between T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc., and Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America 


 
 
 
(D) Form of Participation Agreement between
  Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, TIAA-CREF Individual & Institutional
  Services, LLC, American Funds Distributors, Inc., American Funds Service
  Company, and Capital Research and Management Company 






 



(9


) 
  
 
  

Opinion and consent of George W. Madison, Esquire 
  


 

  



(10


) 
  
 
  

(A) Consent of Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP 
  




 

  
 
  

(B) Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting 
  




 

  
 
  

Firm 
  




 

  
 
  

(C) Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
  






R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other FilingsFiled on / Effective on:12/22/0611410/2/0629/29/0623N-4/A6/7/063N-4,  N-8A12/31/05312/31/04312/31/033 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000930413-06-008817   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 23:30:59.1 GMT 





SEC Info - TIAA Separate Account VA-3, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 4/22/11 - EX-99.(8)(O)











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




TIAA Separate Account VA-3, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 4/22/11 – EX-99.(8)(O)On:  Friday, 4/22/11, at 11:13am ET   ·   Effective:  5/1/11   ·   Accession #:  1193125-11-105928   ·   File #s:  811-21907, 333-134820
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/23/10   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/23/12   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/25/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 4/22/11  TIAA Separate Account VA-3        485BPOS     5/01/11   11:11M                                    RR Donnelley/FA
          → TIAA Separate Account VA-3 ⇒ Tiaa Access
F-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     Tiaa Separate Account Va-3                          HTML   7.44M 
 2: EX-99.(1)(C)  Amended Resolutions of the Board of Trustees of   HTML      7K 
                          Teachers Insurance and Annuity                         
 8: EX-99.(10)(A)  Consent of Dechert LLP                           HTML      9K 
 9: EX-99.(10)(B)  Consents of Independent Registered Public        HTML      9K 
                          Accounting Firm                                        
10: EX-99.(10)(C)  Consent of Jon Feigelson, Esquire                HTML      7K 
11: EX-99.(13)  Powers of Attorney                                  HTML     23K 
 3: EX-99.(8)(L)  Amendment to Participation Agreement Among Tiaa,  HTML     48K 
                          Tc Funds, and Tpis                                     
 4: EX-99.(8)(M)  Prticipation Agrmnt Among Teachers Insurnce &     HTML    118K 
                          Annuity Assoc of America Dfa Invst                     
 5: EX-99.(8)(N)  Prticipation Betwn Teachers Insurnce & Annuity    HTML     97K 
                          Assoc of America & Dodge & Cox                         
 6: EX-99.(8)(O)  Defined Contribution Clearance & Settlemnt        HTML    759K 
                          Agrmnt Betwn the Vanguard Group, Inc.                  
 7: EX-99.(9)   Opinion and Consent of Jon Feigelson, Esquire       HTML     13K 

D-->EX-99.(8)(O)   —   Defined Contribution Clearance & Settlemnt Agrmnt Betwn the Vanguard Group, Inc.
H-->This exhibit is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->

  Defined Contribution Clearance & Settlemnt Agrmnt betwn The Vanguard Group, Inc.  

Exhibit (8)(O) 
NSCC Membership Number 2006   
THE VANGUARD GROUP, INC. 
AGREEMENT 
THIS AGREEMENT, made this      day of
            , 2011, by and between THE VANGUARD GROUP, INC. (“Vanguard”), a Pennsylvania corporation with its principal place of business in Pennsylvania, TEACHERS
INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA (the “Company”), a New York life insurance company with its principal place of business in New York, on its own behalf and on behalf of each segregated asset account of the Company identified on
Schedule A attached hereto (each, an “Account” and collectively, the “Accounts”), as such Schedule A may be mutually amended by the Company, the NSCC Firm (as hereinafter defined) and Vanguard in writing from time to time, and
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. (the “NSCC Firm”), a national banking association with its principal place of business in Ohio.  W I T N E S S E T H:  WHEREAS, Vanguard provides services as transfer agent,
dividend disbursement agent, and shareholder servicing agent for the open-end management investment companies registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), that are included in The Vanguard Group of
investment companies, as well as Vanguard STAR Funds and Vanguard Institutional Index Fund (each, a “Vanguard Fund” and collectively, the “Vanguard Funds”); 
WHEREAS, the Company is an insurance company which is supervised and examined by state authorities having supervision over insurance
companies, and the NSCC Firm is a bank or trust company which is a member of the Federal Reserve System or is supervised and examined by state or federal authorities having supervision over banks; 
WHEREAS, the Company has issued or will issue certain individual and group annuity contracts or certificates thereunder (each, a
“Contract” and collectively the “Contracts”) designed to fund pension plans meeting the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Sections 401(a)/403(a), 403(b), 414(d), 415(m) and 457 (each, a “Plan” and collectively, the
“Plans”);  WHEREAS, each Account is duly established and maintained as a segregated asset account, duly established
by resolution of the Board of Trustees of the Company, to set aside and invest assets attributable to the Contracts;  WHEREAS,
to the extent permitted by applicable insurance laws and regulations, the Company intends to purchase shares of certain of the Vanguard Funds listed in Schedule B attached hereto, as it may be amended by the Company and Vanguard in writing from time
to time, on behalf of the Accounts to fund the Contracts;  WHEREAS, Vanguard agrees that the Company may purchase shares on
behalf of the Accounts for such purpose, provided that the Company acknowledges and agrees that the availability of shares of any Vanguard Fund shall be subject to the Vanguard Fund’s then-current prospectus and statement of additional
information, applicable federal and state laws, this Agreement, and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.; 
WHEREAS, the Contracts provide for the allocation of net amounts received by the Company to sub-accounts of the Accounts which correspond
to each Vanguard Fund for investment in shares of the Vanguard Funds; 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
WHEREAS, selection of a particular sub-account is made under the Contracts by the
applicable participants or beneficiaries under the applicable Plan (such participants and beneficiaries, in relation to the applicable Contracts, hereinafter the “Contract owners” strictly for the purposes of this Agreement), and such
Contract owners may reallocate their investment options among the sub-accounts in accordance with the terms of the Contracts; 
WHEREAS, in addition, Plan fiduciaries may designate default investment options, and initiate Plan-level events, in connection with
relevant Contracts;  WHEREAS, the Company, directly or through one or more designee(s), provides Contract owner accounting,
record-keeping, administrative and/or other services to the Contracts;  WHEREAS, the Company has established or will establish
individual accounts on its record-keeping system reflecting all transactions by or on behalf of Contract owners under each Contract which result in purchases or redemptions by the Accounts of shares of the Vanguard Funds; 
WHEREAS, Vanguard has established or will establish accounts on its mutual fund shareholder record-keeping system to reflect the
Accounts’ ownership of shares of the Vanguard Funds and all transactions by the Accounts involving such shares;  WHEREAS,
Vanguard and the NSCC Firm are members of the National Securities Clearing Corporation (“NSCC”) and have access to the NSCC’s Fund/SERV system (“Fund/SERV”), and the Company has access to Fund/SERV through an arrangement
with the NSCC Firm;  WHEREAS, Fund/SERV permits the electronic transmission of the Accounts’ account transaction data
among Vanguard, the Company and the NSCC Firm;  WHEREAS, the NSCC Firm has been appointed to serve as custodian for the assets
of the Accounts invested in the Vanguard Funds and, in such capacity, to make payment for purchases of shares of the Vanguard Funds by the Accounts and to receive payment for redemptions of shares of the Vanguard Funds by the Accounts; 
WHEREAS, the NSCC Firm shall not submit or transmit, or initiate or otherwise handle the submission or transmission of, any transactions
in the Vanguard Funds by or in connection with the Accounts, or initiate or engage in any other activity (other than making and receiving payments as described in the preceding clause) through Fund/SERV or otherwise with respect to the
Accounts’ accounts or transactions in the Vanguard Funds;  WHEREAS, the Company, and not the NSCC Firm, shall submit to
Vanguard all orders for purchase, redemption, or exchange of shares of the Vanguard Funds in connection with the Accounts, and shall be responsible and liable in all respects for all such orders as submitted to and received by Vanguard; 
WHEREAS, Vanguard, the Company and the NSCC Firm desire to participate in Fund/SERV in accordance with the foregoing with respect to
transactions by the Accounts involving shares of the Vanguard Funds, pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Operating and Contingency Procedures/Defined Contribution Clearance & Settlement, as they may be
modified from time to time in Vanguard’s sole discretion as more particularly provided herein, which are attached hereto and made a part hereof (the “DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures”); 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
WHEREAS, all activity submitted or transmitted to Vanguard through Fund/SERV or
otherwise through the NSCC in connection with the Accounts shall be submitted through NSCC membership number 2006;  NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:  1. Appointment of the Company as Agent.  (a) Authorization of
Company. Subject to any and all limitations set forth in this Agreement and in the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures, Vanguard, as transfer agent for the Vanguard Funds, hereby appoints the Company as the limited agent of Vanguard, and
the Company hereby accepts such appointment, for the purpose of treating transaction instructions received by the Company from Contract owners (to the extent such instructions would result in the purchase, redemption or exchange of Vanguard Fund
shares by an Account) (“Instructions”) as receipt by Vanguard of purchase, redemption and exchange orders for shares of the Vanguard Funds. A Vanguard Fund will be deemed to have received a purchase, redemption or exchange order when the
Company accepts the order in accordance with this Agreement. A Contract owner will receive the share price next computed by the Vanguard Fund after the time at which such Contract owner places its order with the Company, provided all of the
requirements and obligations of the Company with respect to acceptance and transmission of orders set forth in this Agreement are satisfied.  (b) Contract Owner-Level Transactions. The purchases, redemptions and exchanges accepted by the Company pursuant to Section 1(a) above shall be based on: (i) Contract owner-level
transactions made by or on behalf of Contract owners under the Accounts which are recorded on the Company’s record-keeping system; or (ii) other authorized transaction directions received by the Company from the Accounts (including
authorized transaction directions received from Plan fiduciaries with respect to Plan-level designations or Plan-level events initiated by them in connection with relevant Contracts (such directions from Plan fiduciaries, “Plan-Level
Directions”)) which are recorded on the Company’s record-keeping system. For purposes of this Agreement, “Contract owner-level transactions” shall include:  (A) Any authorized Instruction to an Account by or on behalf of any Contract owner to invest contributions in a Vanguard Fund in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Contract and the applicable
Vanguard Fund prospectus;  (B) Any authorized Instruction to an Account to exchange existing amounts held on behalf of any
Contract owner to a Vanguard Fund in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Contract and the applicable Vanguard Fund prospectus;  (C) Any authorized Instruction to an Account to exchange existing amounts invested in a Vanguard Fund on behalf of any Contract owner to any other investment option offered under the Contract in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Contract and the applicable Vanguard Fund prospectus; and  (D) Any authorized
Instruction to an Account on behalf of any Contract owner to pay loan, withdrawal or distribution proceeds to a Contract owner from a Vanguard Fund in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Contract and the applicable Vanguard Fund
prospectus.  (c) Contract Recordkeeping. (i) The Company shall maintain records for the Contracts and for the
Contract owners reflecting all shares of the Vanguard Funds purchased, redeemed and exchanged by the Accounts based on Contract owner-level transactions (including the date and price for all transactions and share balances) and shall maintain
records regarding the handling of all dividends and capital gains distributions paid by the Vanguard Funds. The parties acknowledge that the Company intends to handle such distributions in such a manner that they will be reflected in the AUV for the
respective subaccounts of the Accounts. The Company shall reconcile on each 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading (a “Business Day”) all transactions by the Accounts involving shares of the Vanguard Funds (including purchases, redemptions and
exchanges) with the corresponding Contract owner-level transactions on the Company’s record-keeping system. It is understood that the Company’s maintenance of Contract owner-level account records for an Account is done as the agent for the
Account and not as the agent for Vanguard or any of its affiliates.  (ii) The Company shall promptly notify Vanguard if the
Company experiences difficulty in maintaining Contract owner-level records described above in an accurate and complete manner. The Company agrees to furnish Vanguard with such information as Vanguard may reasonably request from time to time in a
format agreed to by the Company and Vanguard in order for Vanguard to verify the Company’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, periodic certifications on not more than an annual basis unless Vanguard has
a reasonable basis to believe the Company is not complying with its obligations under this Agreement confirming the provision of the Company’s record-keeping services to the Accounts in a manner consistent with the terms of this Agreement).
 (d) No Extension of Agency. Notwithstanding the authorization granted by Vanguard under this Section 1, neither
the Company nor the NSCC Firm shall be, nor hold itself out to the public or engage in any activity as, an agent for Vanguard in respect of or in connection with the distribution or marketing of shares of the Vanguard Funds. 
(e) Availability of Vanguard Fund Shares. The parties acknowledge and agree that the availability of shares of any Vanguard Fund
shall be subject to the Vanguard Fund’s then-current prospectus and statement of additional information, applicable federal and state laws, and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”).  (f) Scope of the Agreement. Each of the Company and
the NSCC Firm hereby represents and warrants to Vanguard that all transactional or other activity submitted or transmitted to Vanguard through Fund/SERV or otherwise through the NSCC in connection with the Accounts hereunder shall be submitted
through NSCC membership number 2006, and that no such activity shall occur through any other NSCC membership number. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement applies to and governs only those activities effected through NSCC membership
number 2006 that concern the Accounts and Contracts, and that this Agreement does not apply to other activity that may occur through such NSCC membership number in connection with other accounts of the NSCC Firm and/or the Company in the Vanguard
Funds.  2. Compliance Responsibilities.  (a) Vanguard is responsible for (i) the compliance of each prospectus, registration statement, annual or other periodic report, proxy statement and item of advertising or marketing material prepared
by it relating to each Vanguard Fund with all applicable laws, rules and regulations (except for advertising or marketing material prepared by the Company to the extent any information therein was not published or provided to the Company by or on
behalf of Vanguard or any Vanguard Fund or accurately derived from information published or provided by or on behalf of Vanguard or any Vanguard Fund), (ii) the registration or qualification of the shares of each Vanguard Fund under all
applicable laws, rules and regulations, and (iii) the compliance by Vanguard and each Vanguard Fund with all applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the 1940 Act) governing its performance under this Agreement, and the rules and
regulations of each self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over Vanguard or the Vanguard Fund, except to the extent that the failure to so comply by Vanguard or any Vanguard Fund is caused by the Company’s or the NSCC Firm’s breach
of this Agreement or the Company’s or the NSCC Firm’s willful misconduct or negligence in the performance of, or failure to perform, their respective obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that the Company will not be
responsible to the extent of any continued failure of Vanguard and the Vanguard 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

Fund to so comply due to failure of Vanguard or a Vanguard Fund to take all necessary steps to mitigate such continued non-compliance. 
(b) The Company is responsible for the Company’s compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations governing its
performance under this Agreement, and the rules and regulations of each self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Company, except to the extent that the Company’s failure to comply with any law, rule or regulation is caused by
Vanguard’s or the NSCC Firm’s breach of this Agreement or Vanguard’s or the NSCC Firm’s willful misconduct or negligence in the performance of, or failure to perform, its obligations under this Agreement. 
(c) The NSCC Firm is responsible for the NSCC Firm’s compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations governing its
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent that the NSCC Firm’s failure to comply with any law, rule or regulation is caused by Vanguard’s or the Company’s breach of this Agreement or Vanguard’s or
the Company’s willful misconduct or negligence in the performance of, or failure to perform, its obligations under this Agreement.  (d) Upon written request, Vanguard will inform Company as to the states and jurisdictions in which the shares of a Vanguard Fund listed on Schedule B have been qualified for sale under, or are exempt
from, the requirements of, the respective securities laws of such states and jurisdictions and will promptly advise the Company if (i) if any such qualification of shares is terminated, (ii) if Vanguard Fund shares are not qualified, that
any applicable exemption from such qualification is terminated, or (iii) if it wishes the Company not to place purchase orders for a Vanguard Fund in connection with Accounts, Plans or Contract owners whose account addresses are in a particular
state or other U.S. jurisdiction.  3. Fees and Expenses. 
(a) Vanguard, the Company and the NSCC Firm agree that no fees will be paid to, or exchanged or shared among Vanguard, the Company and the
NSCC Firm under this Agreement. For clarity, the foregoing shall not include Vanguard Fund redemption or purchase fees or other similar fees assessed, retained or remitted in accordance with this Agreement in connection with the Orders processed
hereunder.  (b) Each party will pay all of its out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its
obligations under this Agreement, except as may otherwise be specified in this Agreement.  4. Representations and Warranties.
 (a) Vanguard represents and warrants that:  (i) It has the requisite authority to enter into this Agreement on its own behalf and on behalf of the Vanguard Funds;  (ii) It has taken all actions legally necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder, and this Agreement has been duly executed and
delivered by its authorized representative and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against Vanguard in accordance with its terms;  (iii) It or an affiliate is in compliance with the applicable conditions and qualifications set forth in Rule 2830 of the Conduct Rules of FINRA, as amended from time to time, which enable a member of
FINRA to offer or sell shares of the Vanguard Funds;  (iv) Each Vanguard Fund is a no load or no sales charge fund;

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(v) Either the Vanguard Funds, Vanguard or its agent are Fund Members of the NSCC and
have access to the NSCC’s Fund/SERV system;  (vi) Vanguard currently has and at all times pertinent hereto will have
sufficient financial resources, whether through a fidelity bond or otherwise, to meet all of its financial obligations arising under this Agreement, including its obligations under Section 12 of this Agreement; 
(vii) The Vanguard Funds listed on Schedule B are lawfully organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and
comply and will comply in all material respects with the 1940 Act and any applicable regulations thereunder;  (viii) Vanguard
Fund shares sold pursuant to this Agreement shall be registered under the 1933 Act, duly authorized for issuance and sold in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws and the Vanguard Funds listed on Schedule B are and shall
remain registered under the 1940 Act; such Vanguard Funds shall amend their registration statements for their shares under the 1933 Act and the 1940 Act from time to time as required in order to effect the continuous offering of its shares; each
such Vanguard Fund shall register and qualify the shares for sale in accordance with the laws of the various states only if and to the extent deemed advisable by such fund, its distributor or sponsor; 
(ix) Each Vanguard Fund listed on Schedule B is qualified as a Regulated Investment Company under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and will make every effort to maintain qualification (under Subchapter M or any successor or similar provision) and Vanguard will notify the Company immediately upon having a reasonable basis for
believing that any such Vanguard Fund ceased to so qualify or that it might not so qualify in the future;  (x) The Vanguard
Funds’ distributor is a member in good standing of FINRA and is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and will sell and distribute the Vanguard Fund shares in accordance with all applicable state and federal securities laws, including
without limitation the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, and the 1940 Act;  (xi) Vanguard and each of the Vanguard Funds listed on
Schedule B and all of their trustees, directors, officers, employees, investment advisers, and other individuals/entities dealing with the money and/or securities of such Vanguard Fund are and shall continue to be at all times covered by a blanket
fidelity bond or similar coverage for the benefit of such Vanguard Fund in an amount not less than the minimum coverage required currently by Rule 17g-1 under the 1940 Act or other applicable laws or regulations as may be promulgated from time to
time; the aforesaid bond shall include coverage for larceny and embezzlement and shall be issued by a reputable bonding company;  (xii) With respect to all Orders received by Vanguard through Fund/SERV pursuant to this Agreement, Vanguard will maintain, or cause to be maintained, any records documenting such Orders that a mutual
fund’s transfer agent is required to maintain under applicable laws and regulations and shall make such records available to the Company for inspection to the extent that a mutual fund transfer agent is required to do so under applicable laws
and regulations or to the extent that Vanguard in its reasonable discretion deems it appropriate to make such records available to the Company; and  (xiii) Vanguard represents and warrants that each investment adviser for each Vanguard Fund is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
(b) The Company represents and warrants that: 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(i) It is one or more of the following: (A) a broker-dealer registered under the
Exchange Act and a member in good standing of FINRA; (B) an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; (C) a bank or trust company which is a member of the Federal Reserve System or is supervised
and examined by state or federal authorities having supervision over banks; (D) an insurance company which is supervised and examined by state authorities having supervision over insurance companies; or (E) a transfer agent or clearing
agency registered under the Exchange Act;  (ii) It has taken all actions legally necessary to authorize the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, on its own behalf and on behalf of the Accounts, and the performance of its obligations hereunder, and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by its authorized representative and constitutes its legal, valid
and binding obligation, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms;  (iii) Each Account is duly established
and maintained as a segregated asset account, duly established by resolution of the Board of Trustees of the Company, to set aside and invest assets attributable to the Contracts; 
(iv) It will not transmit, or cause or permit the transmission of, any Order (as defined below) to Vanguard through Fund/SERV on a
Business Day pursuant to this Agreement unless the Company has received, as applicable, (A) the Instructions corresponding to such Order from the Contract owners, and (B) the Plan-Level Directions corresponding to such Orders from the Plan
fiduciaries, prior to the close of the New York Stock Exchange (generally, 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time) (“Market Close”) on the Indicated Trade Date (as defined below) for such Order; 
(v) It will not permit an Account or a Contract owner to cancel or modify after Market Close on a Business Day any Order or Instructions,
respectively, received from such Account or Contract owner prior to Market Close on such Business Day;  (vi) All Orders
transmitted to Vanguard through Fund/SERV pursuant to this Agreement will have been duly authorized by the applicable Account; 
(vii) All Orders transmitted to Vanguard through Fund/SERV, and any corrections to such Orders, will be entered onto Fund/SERV by the
applicable daily cutoff time for Order entries or entry corrections set forth in the DCC&S Operating Procedures;  (viii)
With respect to all Orders transmitted to Vanguard through Fund/SERV pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will maintain, or cause to be maintained, records sufficient to document the truth of the representations and warranties set forth in this
Section 4(b);  (ix) The Company maintains policies and procedures that are designed to ensure compliance with the
requirements of Rule 22c-1 under the 1940 Act, applicable SEC and SEC staff interpretations, and the terms of this Agreement, and the Company is in material compliance with such policies and procedures; 
(x) The Company currently has and at all times pertinent hereto will have sufficient financial resources, whether through a fidelity bond
or otherwise, to meet all of its financial obligations arising under this Agreement, including its obligations under Section 12 of this Agreement; and  (xi) In connection with the authorizations in Section 1 of this Agreement, the Company represents and warrants to Vanguard that: 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(A) The Company has implemented an internal control structure and adopted written
internal control procedures that are reasonably designed to prevent and detect on a timely basis Instructions received by the Company after Market Close from being aggregated with Instructions received by the Company before Market Close, and to
minimize errors that could result in late transmission of Orders to Vanguard (“Internal Control Procedures”).  (B)
The Company will review, no less than annually, the adequacy of its Internal Control Procedures and will change and modify them as necessary to maintain their adequacy.  (C) Upon request by Vanguard, the Company will provide Vanguard with a summary of its Internal Control Procedures and a certification from the Company as to whether they are adequate as of the most recent
review.  (c) The NSCC Firm represents and warrants that: 
(i) It is one or more of the following: (A) a broker-dealer registered under the Exchange Act and a member in good standing of
FINRA; (B) an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended; (C) a bank or trust company which is a member of the Federal Reserve System or is supervised and examined by state or federal authorities
having supervision over banks; (D) an insurance company which is supervised and examined by state authorities having supervision over insurance companies; or (E) a transfer agent or clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act;
 (ii) It or a relevant designee is an NSCC Member and has access to Fund/SERV; 
(iii) It has taken all actions legally necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its
obligations hereunder, and this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by its authorized representative and constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the NSCC Firm in accordance with its terms; 
(iv) It shall not submit or transmit, or initiate or otherwise handle the submission or transmission of, any transactions in the Vanguard
Funds by or in connection with the Accounts, or initiate or engage in any other activity (other than making payment for purchases of shares of the Vanguard Funds by the Accounts and receiving payment for redemptions of shares of the Vanguard Funds
by the Accounts) through Fund/SERV or otherwise with respect to the Accounts’ accounts or transactions in the Vanguard Funds; and  (v) The NSCC Firm currently has and at all times pertinent hereto will have sufficient financial resources, whether through a fidelity bond or otherwise, to meet all of its financial obligations arising
under this Agreement.  For the purposes of this Agreement, “Order” means any order for the purchase, redemption, or
exchange of shares of, and/or registration of an account in, the Vanguard Funds, and “Indicated Trade Date” means a trade date indicated or otherwise requested to be assigned to an Order or other transaction involving shares of the
Vanguard Funds submitted or transmitted to Vanguard, as indicated in the applicable submission or transmission.  5. Obligations of
Vanguard.  (a) Transactions Subject to Fund/SERV. Vanguard will accept Orders transmitted through Fund/SERV on
behalf of the Accounts in accordance with this Agreement and the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures. Vanguard will be responsible for processing and executing any such Orders in a timely manner. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(b) Performance of Duties. Vanguard will perform any and all duties, functions,
procedures and responsibilities assigned to it under this Agreement and as otherwise established by the NSCC from time to time. Vanguard will maintain facilities, equipment and skilled personnel sufficient to perform the foregoing activities and to
otherwise comply with the terms of this Agreement. Vanguard will conduct each of the foregoing activities in a competent manner and in compliance with (i) all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including NSCC rules and procedures relating
to Fund/SERV, and (ii) the then-current prospectuses, statements of additional information (“SAIs”), and policies of the Vanguard Funds; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between the provisions of the
DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures and any applicable “optional” NSCC rule or procedure, the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures will control.  (c) Accuracy of Information, Transmissions Through and Access to Fund/SERV. All information provided by Vanguard through Fund/SERV and pursuant to this Agreement will be accurate, complete and in
the format prescribed by the NSCC. Vanguard will adopt, implement and maintain procedures reasonably designed to ensure the accuracy of all transmissions through Fund/SERV and to limit the access to, and the inputting of data into, Fund/SERV to
persons specifically authorized by Vanguard.  (d) Pricing Information. On every Business Day, Vanguard will transmit by
7:00 p.m., Eastern time, each Vanguard Fund’s closing net asset value and public offering price (if applicable) for that day and/or notification of no price for that day, to the Company via both the NSCC’s Mutual Fund Profile Service and
such other transmission method mutually agreed to by Vanguard and the Company. Vanguard shall provide such information on a best efforts basis taking into consideration any extraordinary circumstances arising at the Vanguard Funds (e.g., natural
disasters, etc.). Neither the Company nor the NSCC Firm shall be entitled to rely on any source of net asset value information other than such transmission by Vanguard.  (e) Vanguard shall make available to the Company information regarding any income, dividends, or capital gain distributions payable on any Vanguard Fund shares as soon as reasonably practicable whether by
means of web or other mutually agreed upon means of obtaining the information. The Company, on its behalf and on behalf of each Account, hereby elects to receive all such income, dividends, and capital gain distributions as are payable on any shares
in the form of additional shares of the applicable Vanguard Fund. The Company reserves the right, on its behalf and on behalf of the Account, to revoke this election and to receive all such income, dividends, and capital gain distributions in cash.
The Fund shall make available to the Company, as soon as reasonably practicable, information regarding the number of shares so issued as payment of such dividends and distributions. 
(f) Vanguard will use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to the Company information regarding the Vanguard Funds reasonably
requested by the Company that is not otherwise available to the Company and that the Company is required to obtain in order for the Company, the Accounts, and/or the Contracts to comply with any applicable state insurance laws or regulations (such
as information which is required by state insurance law to enable the Company to obtain the authority needed to issue the Contracts in any applicable state); provided that Vanguard shall have no obligation to disclose or supply information that it
in its sole discretion deems proprietary, confidential, and/or not reasonably practicable to provide. Vanguard’s furnishing of information pursuant to this Section 5(f) shall not be deemed to derogate from the Company’s
responsibilities referenced in Section 2(b), and shall not confer upon Vanguard or the Vanguard Funds any responsibility for the Company’s, the Accounts’, or the Contracts’ compliance with any of the aforementioned state
insurance laws or regulations.  6. Obligations of the Company and the NSCC Firm. 
(a) Performance of Duties. Each of the Company and the NSCC Firm will perform any and all duties, functions, procedures and
responsibilities assigned to it under this Agreement and as otherwise 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

established by the NSCC from time to time with respect to the duties each of the Company and the NSCC Firm has agreed to perform under this Agreement. Each of the Company and the NSCC Firm will
maintain facilities, equipment and skilled personnel sufficient to perform the foregoing activities and to otherwise comply with the terms of this Agreement. Each of the Company and the NSCC Firm will conduct each of the foregoing activities in a
competent manner and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including, as applicable, NSCC rules and procedures relating to Fund/SERV; provided, however, that in the event of a conflict between the provisions of
the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures and any applicable “optional” NSCC rule or procedure, the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures will control.  (b) Accuracy of Information, Transmissions Through and Access to Fund/SERV. All information provided by the Company to Vanguard through Fund/SERV and pursuant to this Agreement will be accurate,
complete and in the format prescribed by the NSCC. For each Fund/SERV Order, the Company will provide Vanguard with all information reasonably required by Vanguard to establish and maintain such Order (and any subsequent adjustments to such Order).
The Company will adopt, implement and maintain procedures reasonably designed to ensure the accuracy of all transmissions through Fund/SERV and to limit the access to, and the inputting of data into, Fund/SERV to persons specifically authorized by
the Company, as applicable.  (c) Accepting and Transmitting Orders. As provided in Section 1, and in accordance
with the procedures set forth below and in the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures, the Company will act as the limited agent of Vanguard to receive Instructions from Contract owners corresponding to purchase, redemption and exchange Orders
by the Accounts of shares of the Vanguard Funds. All such Orders shall be settled by the NSCC Firm with the NSCC, except as otherwise provided in the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures. 
(i) Receipt by the Company of Contract Owner-Level Transactions. The parties understand and agree that the Company may receive
Contract owner-level transactions in various formats, including directions in writing, by computer magnetic tape, diskette or electronic data transmission, through interactive voice response system, or by any other accepted method for transmitting
data that is adopted for the Contracts and the Accounts. All Contract owner-level transactions shall be received and processed by the Company in accordance with its standard transaction processing procedures that apply to all investment options
offered under the Contracts. The Company shall maintain records sufficient to identify the date and time of receipt of all Contract owner-level transactions involving the Vanguard Funds and shall make such records available upon request for
examination by Vanguard or its designated representative or, at the request of Vanguard, by appropriate governmental authorities or self-regulatory organizations. Under no circumstances shall the Company change, alter or manipulate any Contract
owner-level transactions received by it in good order.  (ii) Transmission of Orders. Based on the Contract owner-level
transactions and other authorized Account transactions received by the Company prior to Market Close on each Business Day, the Company shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to Vanguard via Fund/SERV by the time of receipt of Cycle 7 from the
NSCC on the following Business Day (approximately 7:00 a.m. Eastern time), a file containing the Order, in dollars or shares, by each Account for shares of each Vanguard Fund. Each such transmission of an Order shall constitute a representation by
the Company that such order was based solely on Contract owner-level transactions and other authorized Account transactions received by the Company prior to the Market Close on the previous Business Day, and that such Order included only and all
such transactions so received by the Company.  (d) Redemption Fees. The Company agrees that it will, where applicable,
track, assess, and cause the NSCC Firm to remit to Vanguard, for the benefit of the relevant Vanguard Funds, redemption fees incurred as a result of transactions in such Vanguard Funds by or on behalf of Contract owners through the Accounts, in
accordance with the terms of the Redemption Fee Procedures set forth in Exhibit A attached to this Agreement, as such Exhibit may be modified by Vanguard from time to time in its discretion upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Company.

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(e) Purchase Fees. The Company agrees that it will, where applicable, track,
assess, and cause the NSCC Firm to remit to Vanguard, for the benefit of the relevant Vanguard Funds, purchase fees incurred as a result of transactions in such Vanguard Funds by or on behalf of Contract owners through the Accounts in accordance
with the terms of the Purchase Fee Procedures set forth in Exhibit B attached to this Agreement, as such Exhibit may be modified by Vanguard from time to time in its discretion upon at least 60 days prior written notice to the Company. 
(f) Frequent Trading Policy. The Company agrees that it will apply the frequent trading policy described in or attached as Exhibit
C to this Agreement to Contract owners transacting in the Vanguard Funds through the Accounts, as such Exhibit may be modified by the Company upon reasonable advance written notice to Vanguard. For clarity, the Company and Vanguard agree that the
Company will not apply the Vanguard Fund’s frequent trading policy to Contract owner transactions, but instead will apply the policy specified in Exhibit C to Contract owner transactions, as such Exhibit C may be modified by the Company from
time to time in its discretion upon at least 60 days prior written notice to Vanguard. In addition, the Company will take action as specified in Section 6(l)(ii).  (g) Extraordinary Events. The Company is not authorized to accept as Vanguard’s agent any Order for the purchase or redemption of shares in an amount which equals or exceeds the “Large
Transaction Amount” for a Vanguard Fund, as specified in Attachment A to the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures (“Attachment A”), where such Order is the result of an “Extraordinary Event” of which the Company is
aware, unless the Company has notified Vanguard of such Order by telephone as soon as practicable on the trade date and in no event later than one hour prior to the Market Close on the trade date. For these purposes, an “Extraordinary
Event” shall mean an event outside the normal operation of an Account such as an entire Account moving into or out of a Vanguard Fund or an asset transfer or merger arising from a merger, acquisition or divestiture. In addition, in accordance
with the prospectus of each Vanguard Fund, Vanguard reserves the right to refuse any purchase Order, or to delay settlement of any redemption Order, which Vanguard, in its sole discretion, deems disruptive or detrimental to the applicable Vanguard
Fund. In connection with any redemption Order that equals or exceeds the applicable Large Transaction Amount, Vanguard reserves the right to delay delivery of redemption proceeds for up to seven days, to the extent permitted by applicable law or
regulation, or to effect the redemption through an in-kind distribution of securities to the NSCC Firm or the Company. In connection with Vanguard or a Vanguard Fund’s determination of whether it will effect the redemption through an in-kind
distribution of securities, Vanguard and such Vanguard Fund agree to consider all information that may be provided by the Company concerning circumstances particular to the Accounts and Contracts, including with respect to any impact such in-kind
distribution may have on the Accounts and any obligations of the Company that may arise from any such in-kind distribution, such as a need to obtain an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act to permit substitution, and agrees to, in
any such circumstance, engage with the Company in an effort to reach a mutually agreeable resolution regarding such distribution requirement; provided that Vanguard shall have the right to in its sole discretion make the final determination as to
whether the redemption will be effected through an in-kind distribution of securities. In the case of an in-kind distribution, the Company and the NSCC Firm will cooperate to determine where such securities are to be delivered and will in a timely
manner provide instructions to Vanguard regarding such delivery. Vanguard reserves the right to revise Attachment A at any time and will provide 30 days’ advance written notice of such revision to the Company. 
(h) Multiple Share Classes. Certain Vanguard Funds identified on Attachment A offer one or more special share classes to
qualifying investors investing in such Vanguard Funds, including investors investing through financial intermediaries. Vanguard agrees to make these share classes, as in effect from time to time, available to those Company accounts with Vanguard
that satisfy all then-current eligibility requirements, as specified in Exhibit D attached to this Agreement (which Exhibit may be modified by Vanguard from time to time in its discretion upon at least 30 days prior written notice to the Company),
subject to the Company’s compliance with the additional terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit D. Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds reserve the right to discontinue availability of any one or more share classes at any time and for any reason
without prior notice. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(i) Closed Funds. On occasion, Vanguard may close to new or existing investors
one or more of the Vanguard Funds (“Closed Funds”) on terms or subject to conditions that may vary from Closed Fund to Closed Fund.  (i) If, pursuant to the terms of a Closed Fund’s closure, any Closed Fund remains available to Accounts investing in the Closed Fund, then from and after the date on which such Closed Fund is closed
to new investors (as such date is determined by Vanguard), the Company will not:  (A) Open, or cause to be opened, a new
account in such Closed Fund, or  (B) Transmit, or cause or permit to be transmitted, an Order to purchase shares of such
Closed Fund,  unless, in either case, the Account for which such account is opened or Order is transmitted is eligible to invest in such
Closed Fund pursuant to the terms of the closure and, if applicable, the aggregate amount invested in the Closed Fund by such Account during the relevant period does not exceed any maximum investment limitation imposed in connection with the fund
closing.  (ii) If a new account is opened in a Closed Fund or a purchase of shares in a Closed Fund is requested in violation
of this Section 6(i), Vanguard shall be authorized to cancel the Order by means of which the new account was opened or the purchase was requested at any time and, in the case of a new account, to terminate the account at any time. Any such
cancellation and/or termination shall be on a current-day basis, and Vanguard will return to the NSCC Firm for credit to the Account the lesser of (A) the amount initially invested in violation of paragraph (i) above or (B) the
then-current value of such investment.  (iii) The terms of a Closed Fund’s closure typically permit existing Closed Fund
shareholders to continue to hold existing shares purchased prior to the effective date of the closure and held at the time of the closure. Without limiting any rights of Vanguard or the Vanguard Funds under this Agreement or otherwise, in the event
of a Closed Fund, Contract owners invested in the Closed Fund through the Accounts at the time of the closure shall typically be permitted to continue to remain invested in the Closed Fund through the Accounts and the Accounts shall not typically be
required to liquidate shares of the Closed Fund held by the Account purchased prior to the effective date of the closure and held at the time of the closure. In any event that the terms of a Closed Fund’s closure would require any such shares
to be liquidated, Vanguard agrees to consider all circumstances particular to the Accounts and Contracts in determining whether such liquidation requirement will apply to the Accounts, including any impact such liquidation requirement may have on
the Accounts and any obligations of the Company that may arise from any such liquidation requirement, such as a need to obtain an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act to permit the substitution of other securities for the Closed Fund
shares, and agrees to, in any such circumstance, engage with the Company in an effort to reach a mutually agreeable resolution regarding the applicability of any such liquidation requirement to the Accounts. 
(j) Advance Information. Vanguard will provide the Company with reasonable notice of any revisions to the Vanguard Funds’
prospectuses and/or SAIs that Vanguard believes would affect the Company’s performance of its respective duties and obligations pursuant to this Agreement and will provide advance notice of such revisions to the extent that it is required to do
so pursuant to applicable laws, rules or regulations or to the extent that it elects in any given case in its sole discretion to do so with respect to intermediary firms generally. In addition, from time to time, the Vanguard Funds may implement
policy changes that affect the Company’s performance of recordkeeping for an Account. In order to allow the Company a reasonable amount of time to make any necessary adjustment to its record-keeping systems, Vanguard, in its sole discretion,
may communicate such policy changes to the Company before transmitting this information to Vanguard Fund 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

shareholders as a whole (“Advance Information”). The Company shall treat all Advance Information as confidential pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement and, prior to its being
made public by Vanguard, shall use such information solely for systems adjustment purposes. The Company shall communicate Advance Information to its own directors, officers and employees on a need to know basis, only. Under no circumstances shall
the Company communicate Advance Information to any Contract owners or to anyone else except as expressly permitted in this Section 6(j) or with Vanguard’s prior written consent, until such information becomes publicly available.
  


 
(k)
Tax Compliance and Reporting.  (i) Responsibilities of the Company. The Company shall be responsible for obtaining all information necessary in order to assure that all accounts in the Vanguard Funds are established and
maintained in compliance with applicable tax laws, rules and regulations. The Company shall comply in all respects with any and all applicable obligations relating to tax reporting and withholding pursuant to the Code, or other applicable tax laws,
rules and regulations, including without limitation such obligations relating to Account purchases and redemptions and any Contract owner-level transactions. The Company shall promptly advise Vanguard or the Vanguard Funds of any matter that may
affect the responsibilities of the Vanguard Funds or Vanguard to Contract owners pursuant to the Code or other applicable tax laws, rules and regulations. All information that is received by the Company from the Vanguard Funds or Vanguard for
inclusion in Contract owner tax statements shall be reported to the Contract owners accurately, completely and in a timely manner. The Company also agrees to obtain and maintain, and to the extent necessary, provide to any Vanguard Fund or Vanguard,
for each account in a Vanguard Fund, all forms or documents required by applicable laws, rules or regulations with regard to any of the foregoing.  (ii) Tax Status of the Company. Upon execution of this Agreement, the Company will provide Vanguard with a duly completed Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Form W-9 (Request for Taxpayer
Identification Number and Certification), or any updated or successor form, signed under penalties of perjury. The Company agrees to notify Vanguard of any changes in its respective tax status and, as appropriate, to provide Vanguard with a new IRS
Form W-9, or any updated or successor form.  (iii) Survival of Tax Obligations. As the Company is responsible hereunder
for complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations concerning the proper establishment and continued maintenance of its accounts in the Vanguard Funds, including, without limitation, IRS or Code requirements regarding certified tax
identification numbers and compliance with all applicable tax laws, rules and regulations relating to tax reporting and withholding, Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds will not be responsible for compliance therewith. All obligations of the Company
related to such tax compliance, including without limitation compliance with all notice obligations under IRS or Code requirements and payment of any and all related fines, interest, penalties or tax, shall survive termination of the Company’s
accounts and this Agreement.  (iv) Manual Settlement Procedures. If the Company or the NSCC Firm instructs Vanguard or
a Vanguard Fund to remit payments other than to the Company or the NSCC Firm as provided in Section 5(f) of the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures and Vanguard or a Vanguard Fund accepts such instructions, the Company will be
responsible hereunder for complying with all applicable tax laws, rules and regulations concerning such payment, including without limitation any tax reporting and withholding requirements under IRS or Code requirements. The NSCC Firm shall not
instruct Vanguard to change wiring instructions without the Company’s prior consent. The Company shall not instruct Vanguard to change wiring instructions without the NSCC Firm’s prior consent. 
 


 
(l)
Certain Transactions and Restrictions. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(i) The Company agrees that it will provide, not later than five Business Days after
receipt of a written request by Vanguard on behalf of a Vanguard Fund, the Taxpayer Identification Number of any or all Contract owner(s) and the amount, date, name of investment professional associated with the Contract owner (if any), and
transaction type (purchase, redemption, transfer, or exchange) of every purchase, redemption, transfer, or exchange of shares of such Vanguard Fund held through an account maintained by the Company during the specific period covered by the request.
Unless required by applicable law, rule or regulation, Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds agree not to use the information received under this Section for marketing or any other purpose not related to (A) limiting or reducing abusive trading in
shares issued by the Vanguard Funds or (B) collecting purchase or redemption fees (if any).  (ii) The Company agrees that
it will execute written instructions from Vanguard on behalf of a Vanguard Fund, including instructions to restrict or prohibit purchases or exchanges of Vanguard Fund shares in specific accounts or by or on behalf of specific Contract owners
identified by such Vanguard Fund. Any such instructions by Vanguard shall include the Taxpayer Identification Number or equivalent identifying number of the Contract owner(s) to which the instructions relate and the specific restriction(s) to be
executed. The Company agrees that it will execute any such instructions as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than five Business Days after receipt of the instructions by the Company. 
7. Adjustments. 
(a) Same Day Order Corrections. Vanguard will accept and honor corrections to any Orders transmitted through Fund/SERV in
accordance with the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures.  (b) Overpayments. In the event that the Company or the
NSCC Firm makes an overpayment to Vanguard, or Vanguard makes an overpayment to the Company or the NSCC Firm, in connection with a Fund/SERV Order, the party that has been overpaid will promptly repay the other party the total amount of such
overpayment upon receipt of notice of such overpayment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an Account or Contract owner has received cash in excess of that to which it is entitled, the Company will, when requested by Vanguard, and to the extent
practicable and permitted by law, debit or cause to be debited from the applicable Account’s account the amount of such excess, but only to the extent of any cash in the account, and repay it to the affected Vanguard Fund. Upon the request of
Vanguard, and to the extent practicable and permitted by law, the Company shall provide Vanguard, at Vanguard’s cost and expense, with the names of Plan Contract owners and other relevant information concerning the affected accounts to assist
Vanguard in the collection of any such excess amount not repaid to the Vanguard Funds.  (c) Processing Adjustments.
Each Business Day the Company, the NSCC Firm and Vanguard will reconcile their records so that an appropriate number of shares of each of the Vanguard Funds is credited to the Company’s (or, as applicable, the NSCC Firm’s) accounts on
behalf of the Accounts invested in the Vanguard Funds.  (i) In the event of any error (other than a Pricing Error, as
hereinafter defined) or delay with respect to the procedures outlined in this Agreement that is caused by Vanguard, Vanguard shall make any adjustments on Vanguard’s accounting system necessary to correct such error or delay and shall reimburse
the Company for any losses or reasonable costs incurred directly as a result of the error or delay.  (ii) In the event of any
error or delay in transmitting an Order that is caused by the Company, its designee, or the NSCC Firm and which is not corrected in accordance with Section 7(a) above, the following provisions will apply: 
(A) Upon receipt from the Company of documentation sufficient in Vanguard’s sole discretion to establish the details of such Order
and the time at which it or the corresponding Instructions 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

were received from the Account or Contract owner by the Company, Vanguard will correct its records to reflect the Order as transmitted to Vanguard; and 
(B) The Company will promptly reimburse the Plan, Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds for any losses or reasonable costs incurred directly
as a result of the error or delay. The Company agrees that, insofar as Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds are concerned, such losses or reasonable costs will include, at a minimum, any market or direct and reasonable out of pocket costs associated with
effecting Orders on an “as of” basis or canceling such Orders.  (iii) The Company and Vanguard each agree to provide
the other prompt notice of any errors or delays of the type referred to in this Section 7(c) and to use reasonable efforts to take such action as may be appropriate to avoid or mitigate any costs or losses resulting from such errors or delays.
 (d) Pricing Errors. In the event of an error in the computation of a Vanguard Fund’s net asset value per share
which, in accordance with procedures adopted by the Fund’s Board of Trustees consistent with views expressed by the SEC regarding appropriate error correction standards, as shall be in effect or amended from time to time, requires adjustment to
Orders previously effected on behalf of an Account (a “Pricing Error”), Vanguard shall notify the Company and the NSCC Firm as soon as possible after discovery of the Pricing Error. Such notification may be oral, but shall be confirmed
promptly in writing. In such event, Vanguard shall reimburse the affected Vanguard Fund for any loss (without taking into consideration any positive effect of such Pricing Error). Vanguard will be responsible for making the Account whole in the
event of a Pricing Error resulting in a lesser amount than what would have been had such Pricing Error not been committed, and shall make appropriate adjustments to the Company’s accounts. Such adjustments will be made at the level of the
Accounts’ accounts on Vanguard’s mutual fund shareholder record-keeping system; this will result in either a net payment to the NSCC Firm from Vanguard (in the event that the Pricing Error resulted in Account losses) or from the NSCC Firm,
at the direction of the Company, to Vanguard (in the event that the Pricing Error resulted in Account gains). If any Contract owner receives, solely as a result of a Pricing Error and prior to the Company’s and the NSCC Firm’s receipt of
notice of such Pricing Error, an amount in excess of the amount to which such Contract owner is entitled (an “overpayment”), the Company will make a good faith attempt to collect the overpayment from such Contract owner to the extent
practicable and permitted by law. If the Company’s collection efforts are unsuccessful, neither the Company nor the NSCC Firm shall be required to repay the overpayment out of its own funds, provided the overpayment was not the result of an
error or other negligent act or omission on the part of the Company or the NSCC Firm, respectively, but to the extent practicable and permitted by law, the Company shall provide Vanguard, at its cost and expense, with the name and address of the
Contract owner to whom such overpayment was made. In addition, in the event that the Pricing Error causes the Company to incur any direct costs for re-processing Contract owner accounts, such as preparing and mailing revised statements, Vanguard
shall reimburse the Company for all such reasonable costs upon receipt from the Company of an invoice or other statement documenting such costs in reasonable detail.  8. Contingency Procedures. In the case of any interruptions to the transmission or receipt of Orders through Fund/SERV, the Company will submit Orders to Vanguard in accordance with the
contingency procedures set forth in the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures, as in effect from time to time.  9. Vanguard Fund
Information.  (a) Vanguard will supply to the Company upon request, at Vanguard’s expense, reasonably sufficient
supplies of the materials listed below for distribution to Contract owners, to the extent required by applicable laws, rules or regulations, which distribution shall be arranged by the Company to occur immediately upon the effective date of the
materials or as soon thereafter as practicable: 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(i) All proxy or information statements prepared for circulation to shareholders of
record of a Vanguard Fund;  (ii) Annual and semi-annual reports; and 
(iii) All updated prospectuses and statements of additional information and supplements and amendments thereto. 
(b) The Company will timely deliver, or cause to be delivered, to Contract owners all Vanguard Fund prospectuses, shareholder reports,
and proxy statements and related materials as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations, rules or regulations of any self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the Company, and/or the Company’s agreement with the Contract
owner.  (c) Additional Terms Regarding Summary Prospectuses. 
(i) For purposes of this Agreement, (A) the terms Summary Prospectus and Statutory Prospectus shall have the same meaning as set
forth in Rule 498 of the 1933 Act, as amended (“Rule 498”) and (B) the term “prospectus” shall refer to a Vanguard Fund’s Summary Prospectus or its Statutory Prospectus, including amendments thereto. The term “Fund
Documents” shall mean those documents prepared by a Vanguard Fund that, pursuant to Rule 498(e)(1) or any successor rule, must be publicly accessible, free of charge, at the Web site address specified on the cover page or at the beginning of a
Summary Prospectus, including, as applicable, the items listed in Section 9(a) above.  (ii) To the extent that any
Vanguard Fund listed on Schedule B offers a Summary Prospectus, Vanguard will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Vanguard or the Vanguard Fund in connection with the offering of a Summary Prospectus. Without limiting the foregoing,
(A) Vanguard warrants that the Summary Prospectuses and the hosting of such Summary Prospectuses on the Web site maintained by a Vanguard Fund or its agent where Contract owners and prospective Contract owners may access the Fund Documents will
comply in all material respects with the requirements of Rule 498 or any successor rule applicable to the Vanguard Fund, and (B) Vanguard will be responsible for compliance with the provisions of Rule 498(f)(1) or any successor rule involving
Contract owner requests for additional Fund Documents that may be made directly to Vanguard.  (iii) To the extent that the
Company elects to utilize a Vanguard Fund’s Summary Prospectus, the Company will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the Company, the Accounts, or the Contracts in connection with the use of a Summary Prospectus. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Company represents and warrants that it will be responsible for compliance with the provisions of Rule 498(f)(1) or any successor rule involving Contract owner requests for additional Fund Documents made directly to the Company or
one of its affiliates.  (iv) The parties agree that the Company is not required to distribute Summary Prospectuses (instead of
a Statutory Prospectus) to its Contract owners, but rather the use of the Summary Prospectus (instead of a Statutory Prospectus) will be at the discretion of Company. Vanguard or a Vanguard Fund may provide web links or URLs to the Company for use
with Company’s electronic delivery of Fund Documents or on the Company’s website. Company will be solely responsible for the maintenance of such web links.  (v) If at any point a Vanguard Fund determines that it no longer wishes to utilize the Summary Prospectus delivery option, the Vanguard Fund must provide the Company with reasonable advance written notice
of this intent so that the Company can arrange to deliver a Statutory Prospectus in place of a Summary Prospectus, and to reprint any bound volume. After the termination of any notice period provided to the Company pursuant to this subsection, the
Vanguard Fund shall continue to comply with any applicable 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

requirements of Rule 498 or any successor rule, including any requirement thereunder to maintain the Vanguard Web site for any minimum period. 
(vi) Vanguard will use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to the Company information and materials regarding the Vanguard Funds
that is reasonably requested by the Company in order to make changes to its prospectus or registration statement in an orderly manner. Vanguard will provide the Company with as much notice as is reasonably practicable of any material change to the
Fund Documents (such as a change resulting in a change to the registration statement or prospectus for any Vanguard Fund shares used by an Account) that Vanguard is required by law, rule or regulation to notify shareholders of, and shall provide
such notice in advance of such change when required to do so under such law, rule or regulation. Vanguard will additionally provide the Company with notice of such material changes to the extent that it elects in its sole discretion to do so with
respect to intermediary firms generally.  (d) Additional Terms Regarding Proxy Voting. Each Vanguard Fund listed on
Schedule B will comply with all provisions of the 1940 Act requiring voting by shareholders. The parties acknowledge that distribution of proxy materials and proxy solicitation and voting will be handled in accordance with all laws and rules
applicable to a party.  (e) Sales or Promotional Material. 
(i) The Company shall furnish, or shall cause to be furnished, to Vanguard or its designee, each piece of sales literature or other
promotional material prepared by or on behalf of the Company in which Vanguard or any Vanguard Fund is named, at least five Business Days prior to its use. The Company may use such material (A) in fewer than five Business Days if it receives
the written consent of Vanguard, or (B) after five Business Days if Vanguard does not reasonably object to such use within five Business Days after its receipt of such material. No such material shall be used if Vanguard reasonably objects to
such use within five Business Days after receipt of such material. With regard to any such sales literature or promotional material furnished by the Company to Vanguard, the Company shall bear the sole responsibility for complying with the content,
approval, filing, and recordkeeping requirements of FINRA Conduct Rule 2210, if and to the extent applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may use, and Vanguard authorizes the Company to use, the names or other identifying marks of,
and certain information about, Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds in fund fact sheets, in a listing of mutual funds that Company may make available to eligible investors, or in similar materials, provided that any Vanguard Fund-specific data or
information included in such materials shall be limited to data or information (1) furnished by Vanguard, (2) sourced from the applicable Vanguard Fund’s Fund Documents, (3) repeated verbatim from other sales literature or other
promotional material where such Vanguard Fund-specific data or information was previously specifically approved or provided by the Vanguard Fund or Vanguard, or (4) obtained from publicly available databases maintained by reputable sources such
as Morningstar, Inc. and Ibbotson and properly attributed to its source by the Company. Vanguard may withdraw the authorization granted in this Section 9(e) as to any particular use of any such name or identifying marks at any time
(x) upon Vanguard’s reasonable determination that such use would have a material adverse effect on the reputation or marketing efforts of Vanguard or a Vanguard Fund, which determination may be due to the availability of updated or
modified information regarding a Vanguard Fund or Vanguard, or (y) if any of the Vanguard Funds cease to be available to Contract owners through the Company.  (ii) Except as provided above, the Company shall not give any information or make any representations or statements on behalf of a Vanguard Fund or concerning a Vanguard Fund in connection with the sale
of the Contracts other than the information or representations contained in the Fund Documents for the Vanguard Funds, as such Fund Documents may be amended or supplemented from time to time, or in reports or proxy statements for the Vanguard Fund,
or in sales literature or other promotional material approved by the Vanguard Fund or Vanguard, except with the permission of the Vanguard Fund or Vanguard or the designee of either. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(iii) Neither Vanguard nor any Vanguard Fund shall give any information or make any
representations on behalf of the Company or concerning the Company, each Account, or the Contracts other than the information or representations contained in a prospectus for the Contracts, as such prospectus may be amended or supplemented from time
to time, or in published reports for each Account which are in the public domain or approved by the Company for distribution to Contract owners, or in sales literature or other promotional material approved by the Company or its designee, except
with the permission of the Company.  10. Use of Parties’ Names; No Publication of Terms. 
(a) Except to the extent that the Company files a copy of this Agreement with the SEC as part of its filings for the Accounts and
Contracts, none of Vanguard, the Company or the NSCC Firm shall make public the terms and conditions of this Agreement without the consent of the other parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided, however, that
if public disclosure of such information is required by law or a regulator with jurisdiction over such party’s business, such consent shall be deemed granted and the party required to disclose such information shall, if practicable and to the
extent not prohibited by such regulator, notify the other parties prior to such disclosure.  (b) Except as specifically
permitted under this Agreement, without the other parties’ prior written consent, no party to this Agreement shall acquire any right to use, nor shall use, cause or permit use of the names, characters, artwork, designs, trade names, copyrighted
materials, trademarks or service marks of another party, its related or subsidiary companies, parent, employees, directors, shareholders, assigns, successors or licensees: (i) in any advertising, promotional materials or activities, publicity,
press release, customer list, or public or private presentation or promotion; (ii) to express or to imply any endorsement of such party or any of its affiliates or their respective offerings or services; or (iii) in any manner other than
expressly in accordance with this Agreement or any other applicable agreement between or among the parties and/or any of their respective affiliates.  11. Proprietary Information and Privacy. Each party hereto acknowledges that the identities of the other parties’ customers (including, with respect to the Company, for purposes of this
Section, Contract owners), information maintained by such other parties regarding those customers (“Customer Information”), and all computer programs and procedures developed by such other parties or such other parties’ affiliates or
agents in connection with such other parties’ performance of their respective duties hereunder constitute the valuable property of such other parties. Each party agrees that should it come into possession of any Customer Information, or any
other property, of another party, pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement related to services under this Agreement, the party who acquired such information or property shall use its best efforts to hold such information in confidence and
refrain from using, disclosing, or distributing any of such information or other property, except (a) as required or necessary to carry out the obligations imposed by this Agreement, (b) with the appropriate other party’s prior
written consent, or (c) as required by law, a regulator with jurisdiction over the business of a party, or judicial process. Each party agrees to comply, at a minimum, with all applicable privacy laws, including those promulgated pursuant to
Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 and, to the extent applicable, 201 CMR 17.00 et seq. Each party agrees to maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards reasonably designed to protect the security, confidentiality, and
integrity of, and to prevent unauthorized access to or use of, Customer Information. Each party acknowledges that any breach of the foregoing agreements as to another party would result in immediate and irreparable harm to such other party for which
there would be no adequate remedy at law and agrees that in the event of such a breach, such other party will be entitled to seek equitable relief by way of temporary and permanent injunctions, as well as such other relief as any court of competent
jurisdiction shall deem appropriate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section shall not prohibit any party from utilizing another party’s Customer Information for any purpose whatsoever, if and to the extent (i) such Customer
Information was in such party’s possession or known by it prior to receipt from such other party; (ii) such Customer Information was rightfully disclosed to such 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

party by another person, including without limitation the customer, without restriction; or (iii) the relevant customer directly authorizes such party to use such Customer Information for
such purpose. No party shall be deemed to be in breach of this section to the extent it acquires or uses information that is legitimately publically available and such use complies with applicable privacy laws. 
12. Indemnification.  (a) Vanguard. Vanguard will indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the NSCC Firm, and each of the Company’s and the NSCC Firm’s respective affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries,
directors, trustees, officers, agents, employees and permitted assigns, against and from any and all losses, damages, costs, charges, payments, claims, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) to the proportionate extent
arising out of or attributable to: (i) Vanguard’s lack of good faith, negligence, or willful misconduct in carrying out its duties and responsibilities relating to this Agreement; (ii) any breach of Vanguard’s representations and
warranties contained in this Agreement; (iii) any untrue statement of any material fact contained in the registration statement, shareholder reports, or proxy materials of any Vanguard Fund made available to Contract owners through the Company,
or the omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and (iv) any breach by Vanguard of a material
provision of this Agreement. In addition to the foregoing, Vanguard will be liable for the losses and reasonable costs described in Section 7(c)(i) of this Agreement.  (b) Company. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless Vanguard, the Vanguard Funds, and each of their respective affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, directors, trustees, officers, agents,
employees and permitted assigns, against and from any and all losses, damages, costs, charges, payments, claims, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) to the proportionate extent arising out of or attributable to:
(i) the Company’s or, with respect to any activities the NSCC Firm performs, as directed by the Company, under Sections 6 and 7 and any exhibits, schedules or attachments referenced therein only, the NSCC Firm’s, lack of good faith,
negligence, or willful misconduct in carrying out their respective duties and responsibilities relating to this Agreement; (ii) any breach of the Company’s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement; (iii) any breach
by the Company or, with respect to any activities the NSCC Firm performs, as directed by the Company, under Sections 6 and 7 and any exhibits, schedules or attachments referenced therein only, the NSCC Firm, of a material provision of this
Agreement; and (iv) Vanguard’s acceptance of any Order through Fund/SERV. In addition to the foregoing, the Company will be liable for the losses and reasonable costs described in Section 7(c)(ii) of this Agreement. As between the
NSCC Firm and the Company, the NSCC Firm acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided by the Company under this Agreement will not be deemed an admission of responsibility or independently trigger any obligation by the Company to
indemnify the NSCC Firm under any separate agreement between them, and any obligations relating to liability between the Company and the NSCC Firm with respect to the Accounts on Schedule A and any related obligations will be governed by the
separate agreement between them.  (c) NSCC Firm. The NSCC Firm will indemnify and hold harmless Vanguard, the Vanguard
Funds, and each of their respective affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries, directors, trustees, officers, agents, employees and permitted assigns, against and from any and all losses, damages, costs, charges, payments, claims, liabilities and expenses
(including reasonable attorney’s fees) to the proportionate extent arising out of or attributable to: (i) the NSCC Firm’s lack of good faith, negligence, or willful misconduct in carrying out its specific duties and responsibilities
relating to this Agreement (except to the extent that the Company is obligated to indemnify Vanguard for any such lack of good faith, negligence, or willful misconduct pursuant to Section 12(b)(i) above); (ii) any breach of the NSCC
Firm’s specific representations and warranties contained in this Agreement (except to the extent that the Company is obligated to indemnify Vanguard for any such breach pursuant to Section 12(b)(ii) above); and (iii) any breach by the
NSCC Firm of a material provision of this Agreement (except to the extent that the Company is obligated to indemnify Vanguard for any such breach 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

pursuant to Section 12(b)(iii) above). As between the NSCC Firm and the Company, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided by the NSCC Firm under this Agreement
will not be deemed an admission of responsibility or independently trigger any obligation by the NSCC Firm to indemnify the Company under any separate agreement between them, and any obligations relating to liability between the NSCC Firm and the
Company with respect to the Accounts on Schedule A and any related obligations will be governed by the separate agreement between them.  (d) Notice and Opportunity to Defend. If any action, suit, proceeding, or investigation is initiated, or any claim or demand is made, against any party indemnified hereunder (an “Indemnified
Party”) with respect to which such Indemnified Party may make a claim against the other party (“Indemnifying Party”) pursuant to this Section 12, then the Indemnified Party will give prompt written notice of such action, suit,
proceeding, investigation, claim or demand to the Indemnifying Party. Thereafter, the Indemnifying Party will have the opportunity, at its own expense and with its own counsel, to defend or settle such action, suit, proceeding, investigation, claim
or demand; provided, however, that: (i) the Indemnifying Party will, upon request from the Indemnified Party, keep the Indemnified Party reasonably informed of all material developments and events relating to such action, suit,
proceeding, investigation, claim or demand; (ii) the Indemnified Party will have the right to participate, at its own expense in the defense of such action, suit, proceeding, investigation, claim or demand and will cooperate as reasonably
requested by the Indemnifying Party in the defense thereof; and (ii) the Indemnifying Party will not settle such action, suit, proceeding, investigation, claim or demand without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party, which consent
will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  (e) Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no
circumstances shall any party under this Agreement be liable to any person, including without limitation another party, for punitive, consequential, indirect or other special damages under any provision of this Agreement or for any act or failure to
act hereunder, even if advised of the possibility thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the parties agree that, to the extent a negative monetary impact to a Vanguard Fund directly results from any cause described in Section 12(b) or
12(c) above, such impact shall be considered direct damages under this subsection.  13. Role and Relationship of the Company and the
NSCC Firm. The parties acknowledge and agree that the services provided by the Company and the NSCC Firm under this Agreement are not the services of an underwriter, principal underwriter, sub-distributor, or dealer of any Vanguard Fund
within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the 1940 Act. This Agreement does not grant the Company or the NSCC Firm any right to purchase shares of any Vanguard Fund (although it does not preclude the Company or the NSCC Firm
from purchasing any such shares), nor does it constitute the Company or the NSCC Firm an agent of Vanguard or any Vanguard Fund for purposes of selling shares of any Vanguard Fund to any dealer or the public, except as expressly stated in this
Agreement as to the receipt of Instructions from or on behalf of Contract owners. To the extent the Company or the NSCC Firm is involved directly or indirectly in the purchase of shares of any Vanguard Fund under this Agreement, other than with
respect to the Company’s receipt of Instructions as described in Section 1(a), such involvement will be as agent of the Accounts only.   


14.
Intentionally omitted.  15. Right
to Inspect. (a) With respect to all Orders transmitted to Vanguard through Fund/SERV pursuant to this Agreement, the Company will maintain records sufficient to document the truth of the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 4(b) of this Agreement, as well as the performance of the obligations of the Company set forth in this Agreement. The Company agrees to promptly furnish Vanguard with such information as Vanguard may reasonably request from time to
time in order for Vanguard to verify the Company’s compliance with the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, periodic certifications confirming such compliance and/or the Company’s furnishing or making available for
Vanguard’s inspection 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

records (including the records referenced in Section 4(b)(viii)) sufficient to document the Company’s compliance with this Agreement). 
(b) The NSCC Firm agrees to promptly furnish Vanguard with such information as Vanguard may reasonably request from time to time in order
for Vanguard to verify the NSCC Firm’s compliance with its obligations with respect to the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, periodic certifications confirming such compliance and/or the Company’s furnishing or making
available for Vanguard’s inspection records sufficient to document the NSCC Firm’s compliance with its obligations under this Agreement).  (c) Vanguard will comply with its representation and warranty in Section 4(a)(xii) and will make any records it maintains pursuant to such Section available to the other parties in accordance with
such Section.  16. Authorized Persons.  (a) For purposes of this Agreement, the Company will designate “Authorized Persons” entitled to act on its behalf in connection with this Agreement. “Authorized Person”, with respect
to the Company, will mean any officer or employee of the Company, or other person, designated by providing Vanguard with the following: (i) a properly certified copy of a corporate resolution reflecting the vote of the Board of Directors of the
Company authorizing the officer, employee, or other person, directly or indirectly, to act in connection with this Agreement; and (ii) a specimen signature of such officer, employee or person. This requirement may be satisfied by the
Company’s furnishing Vanguard with a completed Vanguard Corporate/Organization Resolution Certificate. Vanguard shall be entitled to act upon all instructions received from such Company Authorized Persons until it receives and has had a
reasonable opportunity to act upon written notice from the Company that such persons are no longer authorized to act. Vanguard may disregard any instructions not provided by an Authorized Person of the Company. 
(b) For purposes of this Agreement, the NSCC Firm will designate “Authorized Persons” entitled to act on its behalf in
connection with this Agreement. “Authorized Person”, with respect to the NSCC Firm, will mean any officer or employee of the NSCC Firm, or other person, designated by providing Vanguard with the following: (i) a properly certified
copy of a corporate resolution reflecting the vote of the Board of Directors of the NSCC Firm authorizing the officer, employee, or other person, directly or indirectly, to act in connection with this Agreement; and (ii) a specimen signature of
such officer, employee or person. This requirement may be satisfied by the NSCC Firm’s furnishing Vanguard with a completed Vanguard Corporate/Organization Resolution Certificate. Vanguard shall be entitled to act upon all instructions received
from such NSCC Firm Authorized Persons until it receives and has had a reasonable opportunity to act upon written notice from the NSCC Firm that such persons are no longer authorized to act. Vanguard may disregard any instructions not provided by an
Authorized Person of the NSCC Firm.  (c) The NSCC Firm hereby authorizes the Company and its Authorized Persons to act on, and
provide administrative, transaction, and other instructions with respect to, the Vanguard Fund accounts held in the name of the NSCC Firm with respect to the Accounts.  (d) Except as set forth in this Agreement or as otherwise agreed upon in writing by the parties, any communication or instruction made pursuant to this Agreement may be made orally, provided such oral
communication is promptly confirmed in writing by facsimile or electronic transmission. The Company and the NSCC Firm are entitled to rely on any communications or instructions that they reasonably believe were provided to it by Vanguard. Vanguard
is entitled to rely on any communications or instructions that it reasonably believes were provided to it by the Company or the NSCC Firm.  (e) The parties acknowledge that the Accounts’ accounts in the Vanguard Funds shall be registered to the NSCC Firm as custodian for benefit of each Account. As to Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds
only, 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

each of the Company and the NSCC Firm hereby acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, including without limitation the representation and warranty in
Section 4(c)(iv), the NSCC Firm and its Authorized Persons shall at the direction of the Company (which direction need not be verified by Vanguard) be authorized to open and register the Accounts’ accounts in the Vanguard Funds per the
foregoing and, as a result of the aforementioned registration in the name of the NSCC Firm, to perform, with respect to such accounts registered in the such manner, any activity contemplated under this Agreement, or under Vanguard’s account
registration, organization resolution, or other applicable forms, that an organization to which an account in a Vanguard Fund is registered is permitted to perform under Vanguard’s then-current policies and procedures, which activities may
include, without limitation, obtaining information, giving instructions for the purchase, sale, exchange, or transfer of shares of the Vanguard Funds, and executing any documents, such as account registration forms, in connection with such accounts.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Vanguard receives any instructions (including, without limitation, any transaction instructions), whether through Fund/SERV or otherwise, from the NSCC Firm or its Authorized
Persons in connection with a Vanguard Fund account that is subject to this Agreement and registered as described above, Vanguard shall be authorized and entitled to act on such instructions (and shall not be obligated to disregard such instructions
or consult the Company regarding such instructions), any Orders effected pursuant to any such instructions shall be fully subject to this Agreement, and the Company shall be responsible for performing, or causing to be performed, all obligations
under this Agreement relating to Orders with respect to any such Order (including, without limitation, the obligations in Section 6 concerning Redemption Fees, Purchase Fees, Frequent Trading, Large Transactions, Multiple Share Classes, and
Closed Funds) and shall be liable for such obligations, and for the Order, to the same extent as if the Company had submitted such instructions instead of the NSCC Firm. The NSCC Firm agrees with the Company that it will not provide any instructions
or Orders to Vanguard with respect to the Accounts’ accounts in the Vanguard Funds other than at the direction of the Company or that it is otherwise obligated to perform under this Agreement or a separate agreement between the NSCC Firm and
the Company with respect to the Accounts. As between the NSCC Firm and the Company, the Company and the NSCC Firm acknowledge and agree that the terms of this subsection are provided for the benefit of Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds only and that
the provisions of this subsection will not affect any contractual rights the Company and the NSCC Firm may have between them pursuant to any separate agreement between them. 
 


17.
Commencement, Amendment and Termination.  (a) Commencement. Fund/SERV transactions among Vanguard, the Company and (with respect to settlement only) the NSCC Firm pursuant to this Agreement will not commence until all parties have
acknowledged in writing that all necessary preliminary testing has been completed.  (b) Amendment. This Agreement may
be modified or amended from time to time by mutual written agreement of the parties; provided, however, that Vanguard in its sole discretion may modify the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures, Attachment A, and Exhibits D and E
at any time by 30 days’ advance written notice to the Company and the NSCC Firm; and provided further, that Vanguard in its sole discretion may modify Exhibits A and B at any time upon 60 days’ advance written notice to the Company
and the NSCC Firm. Exhibit C may be modified by the Company upon reasonable advance written notice to the other parties. In the event the Company or the NSCC Firm provides notice during the 30 day notice period that it is not able to comply with the
revised terms of the DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures, the parties agree to engage in good faith discussions in an effort to establish a mutually agreeable resolution, which may include delaying the effective date of the revised terms with
respect to the Company, if reasonably practicable. In the event the parties cannot agree upon a mutually acceptable resolution regarding the revised terms, then the Company, the NSCC Firm or Vanguard may terminate this Agreement upon notice to the
others, with such termination to be effective by 30 days’ advance written notice to the others. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(c) Termination. This Agreement will continue in effect until:
(i) terminated by any party by 90 days’ advance written notice to the others; or (ii) termination by a party upon another party’s breach of any material provision of this Agreement, which breach has not been cured within fifteen
days after written notice of such breach is delivered to the breaching party.  Any such termination will not affect the
completion of any pending Fund/SERV transactions or obligations, and will not affect the indemnities given under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Vanguard shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time without prior
notice to the Company or the NSCC Firm in the event of excessive transactions or other abusive investment practices, as determined by Vanguard in its sole discretion. Upon any such termination, the Company will immediately refrain from transmitting
Orders to Vanguard through Fund/SERV.  18. Non-exclusivity. Each party acknowledges that the others may enter into agreements
similar to this Agreement with other parties for the performance of services similar to those to be provided under this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties.  19. Conflicting Agreements. This Agreement (including any Exhibits, Attachments and Schedules hereto) constitutes the entire agreement among the parties as to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any and all agreements, representations and warranties, written or oral, regarding such subject matter made prior to the time at which this Agreement has been executed and delivered by the Company, the NSCC Firm and Vanguard, including,
without limitation, any prior DCC&S agreement, except that, as between the Company and the NSCC Firm, this Agreement is in addition to that certain agreement dated October 20, 2006, as amended, between the Company and the NSCC Firm. Nothing
contained in this Agreement, however, will be construed to limit or restrict any party’s compliance with any law, regulation or order to which the party is subject, or to prevent the parties from supplementing this Agreement by agreeing to
additional duties, obligations, representations, warranties or higher standards of care with respect thereto. For clarity, and notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties acknowledge that they have entered into a separate Defined Contribution
Clearance & Settlement Agreement dated as of July 5, 2005, as amended, having subject matter different from the subject matter of this Agreement, and acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is separate from, and does not terminate,
supersede or replace, such separate DCC&S agreement.  20. Exhibits, Attachments and Schedules. All Exhibits, Attachments and
Schedules attached to this Agreement, as they may be amended from time to time, are by this reference incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement.  21. Assignment. No party may assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other parties, and any attempted assignment without such consent will be null and void.
 22. Designees. Each of the Company and the NSCC Firm hereby represents and warrants to Vanguard that, if and to the extent it
enters into agreements with certain institutions (the “Service Providers”) pursuant to which the Service Providers perform for the Company or the NSCC Firm, as the case may be, certain of the services referenced herein as obligations of
the Company or the NSCC Firm, as applicable, the Company and the NSCC Firm acknowledge and agree that any delegation to the Service Providers of the their respective obligations under this Agreement shall not relieve the Company or the NSCC Firm, as
the case may be, of its respective obligations under this Agreement, and the Company and the NSCC Firm shall be liable to the same extent as if the Company or the NSCC Firm itself, as appropriate, performed such obligation. 
23. Cooperation. To the extent permitted under applicable law, the parties agree to reasonably cooperate with each other in any
recordkeeping or reporting necessary to fulfill any governmental or regulatory requirement. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
24. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and its provisions will be construed
in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.  25. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to
be invalid, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable.  26. Waiver. The failure of a
party to insist upon strict adherence to any provision of this Agreement on any occasion will not be considered a waiver nor will it deprive such party of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that provision or any other provision
of this Agreement.  27. Notices. Any notice required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and will be given by personal
service, mail, nationally recognized delivery services, such as Federal Express (FedEx) or United Parcel Service (UPS), or facsimile to the other parties at the address set forth below (or such other address as the other parties may specify by
written notice to the first party). Notice will be effective upon receipt if by mail, on the date of personal delivery (by private messenger, courier service or otherwise), or upon receipt of facsimile, whichever occurs first, at: 
 






 Vanguard:
  
 The Vanguard Group, Inc.
100 Vanguard Boulevard, 236 Malvern, PA
19355 Attention: Principal, Financial Advisor Services Operations Fax No.: (610) 503-1154




 Copy to:
  
 The Vanguard Group, Inc.
Legal Department, V26 100 Vanguard
Blvd. Malvern, PA 19355 Attention:
Company Agreements Fax No.: (610) 503-5737




 Company:
  
 Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America 730 Third Avenue New York, NY 10017 Attention: Managing Director, Product Management Fax No.: (781) 314-2420




 NSCC Firm:
  
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 4
New York Plaza, 12th Floor
New York, NY 10004-2413 Attention: TIAA-CREF
Retirement Plans Administrator Fax No.: (212) 623-4545 28. Anti-Money Laundering Policies. To the extent applicable, the Company agrees to comply with all anti-money laundering statutes, rules, regulations and guidance of government and/or
self-regulatory organizations, including but not limited to, cash and suspicious activity reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and customer identification program requirements, as well as creation and implementation of policies, procedures and
internal controls in order to ensure compliance. The Company agrees that it will take reasonable steps to monitor investor transactions to identify currency, cash equivalents, possible money laundering and other suspicious activity and to report to
government authorities reportable currency transactions, and where appropriate, suspicious activity. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
29. Force Majeure. In the event a party is unable to perform its obligations under the
terms of this Agreement because of acts of God, acts of terrorism, strikes, equipment failure or damage reasonably beyond its control, or other causes reasonably beyond its control, such party shall not be liable for damages resulting from such
failure to perform or otherwise from such causes which could not have been prevented through such party’s exercise of reasonable care. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the party so affected shall take all commercially reasonable steps to avoid or
remove such cause of nonperformance and to resume performance under this Agreement as soon as is reasonably practicable. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on
their behalf by their duly authorized officers as of the date first written above.   




THE VANGUARD GROUP, INC.



  

By:

Title: Principal



COMPANY



 TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA, on its own behalf and on behalf of each segregated asset account identified on Schedule A attached hereto



  

By:

Title:



NSCC FIRM



JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.



  

By:

Title:
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
SCHEDULE A 
SEPARATE ACCOUNTS  TIAA
Separate Account VA-3  This Schedule A is updated and effective as of
                    , and replaces all prior versions of this schedule. 
 












THE VANGUARD GROUP, INC.
 

 
 TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA, on its own behalf and on behalf of each segregated asset account identified on Schedule A attached hereto







BY:
 
  
 

 
BY:
 
  







TITLE:
 
PRINCIPAL
 

 
TITLE:
 
  







 

 

 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.








 

 

 
BY:
 
  








 

 

 
TITLE:
 
  
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
SCHEDULE B 
VANGUARD FUNDS  Vanguard
Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (Investor Shares)  Vanguard Explorer Fund (Investor Shares) 
Vanguard Intermediate-Term Treasury Fund (Investor Shares)  Vanguard Selected Value Fund (Investor Shares)  Vanguard Small-Cap Value Index Fund (Investor
Shares)  Vanguard Wellington Fund (Investor Shares)  This Schedule B is updated and effective as of                     , and replaces all prior
versions of this schedule.   












THE VANGUARD GROUP, INC.
 

 
TEACHERS INSURANCE AND ANNUITY ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA, on its own behalf and on behalf of each segregated asset account identified on Schedule A attached
hereto







BY:
 
  
 

 
BY:
 
  







TITLE:
 
PRINCIPAL
 

 
TITLE:
 
  







 

 

 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.








 

 

 
BY:
 
  








 

 

 
TITLE:
 
  
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
OPERATING AND CONTINGENCY PROCEDURES/ 
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION CLEARANCE & SETTLEMENT 
 


A.
OPERATING PROCEDURES 
1. Trade Date Policy and Procedures. Orders for the purchase, redemption or exchange of Vanguard Fund shares will be
accorded a trade date (“T”) that is the date of receipt of the Instructions by the Company from the Contract owner, subject to the special rules provided in these DCC&S Operating/Contingency Procedures. 
(a) Receipt of Orders. Instructions corresponding to Orders must be received by the Company by the close of trading on the
New York Stock Exchange (the “Market Close”) on T. Any Order corresponding to Instructions received by the Company after such time will be accorded a trade date that is the next Business Day following receipt of the Instructions
(“T+1”), and the Company will not enter the Order onto Fund/SERV until T+2.  (b) Entry of Fund/SERV
Transmissions. The Company is responsible for sending, or causing to be sent, all and only Orders corresponding to Instructions received prior to the Market Close on T to Vanguard through Fund/SERV by NSCC Cycle 7 on T+1 (received by
Vanguard at approximately 7:00 a.m. Eastern time). Transactions may be entered in dollars or shares.  (c) Correction of
Fund/SERV Entries. The Company may correct an erroneously entered Order by first calling Vanguard’s NSCC Services Unit at (888) 809-8106 not later than 8:30 a.m. Eastern time on T+1. If required, a subsequent Fund/SERV entry
may be submitted not later than NSCC Cycle 12 on T+1 (received by Vanguard at approximately 10:00 a.m. Eastern time); provided, however, that Vanguard reserves the right to reject any Fund/SERV correction for which the Company or
has not provided Vanguard with documentation (if requested by Vanguard) sufficient, in Vanguard’s sole discretion, to prove the occurrence of the error.  (d) As-of Orders. An Order (1) transmitted by the Company via Fund/SERV indicating a trade date (the “Indicated Trade Date”) prior to the Business Day preceding the date of
transmission to and receipt by Vanguard, or (2) submitted by the Company via Fund/SERV after Cycle 12 on T+1 (each of the foregoing, an “As-of Order”) may, in Vanguard’s sole discretion, be processed by Vanguard as of the
Indicated Trade Date on the As-of Order, subject to the following conditions, as applicable:  (i) Automatic
Processing. As-of Orders that satisfy each of the following conditions will be accepted and processed by Vanguard as of the Indicated Trade Date on the As-of Order:  (A) The As-of Order corresponds to Instructions that were received by the Company on the Indicated Trade Date in accordance with all applicable requirements under this Agreement; 
(B) The amount of the As-of Order does not exceed the lesser of (1) $25,000 and (2) the Large Transaction Amount for the
relevant Vanguard Fund;  (C) The Indicated Trade Date is not more than one Business Day prior to the Business Day on which
the As-of Order is received by Vanguard; and  (D) The Company transmits the As-of Order with one of the following NSCC As-Of
Reason Codes (“As-of Reason Codes”): (01) Incorrect Firm/Fund Account Number; (02) Incorrect Share Quantity/Dollar Quantity; (03) Incorrect Security Issue ID; (05) Incorrect Sales Charge

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

Breakpoint; (07) Blue Sky Violation; (09) Delay in Firm Trade Transmission; (13) Distribution Reversal (only when applied in connection with an Additional Purchase or a Partial
Liquidation); or (14) Prospectus Violation (only when applied in connection with a Firm Exit).  (ii) Discretionary
Processing. The Company shall notify Vanguard of any intent to transmit an As-of Order that falls within any of the categories listed below, and/or of any intent to transmit more than one As-of Order on a single Business Day, by calling
Vanguard’s NSCC Services Unit between 6:30 a.m. and 8:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Business Day on which such As-of Order(s) is (are) transmitted to Vanguard. Any such As-of Order(s) will be suspended by Vanguard upon receipt and will be
processed as of the Indicated Trade Date only if (x) the Company has provided the required notification and (y) Vanguard approves the As-of Order(s) upon review, subject to the requirements of Section 1(d)(iii) below. 
(A) As-of Orders for Closed Funds;  (B) As-of Orders in an amount equal to or greater than the lesser of (1) $25,000 and (2) the Large Transaction Amount for the relevant Vanguard Fund; 
(C) As-of Orders with an Indicated Trade Date more than one Business Day prior to the Business Day on which the As-of Order is received
by Vanguard; and  (D) As-of Orders with an As-of Reason Code of: (10) With Fund’s Permission; (11) Resubmitted
Fund/SERV Reject; or (12) DCC&S (See Asset Type Indicator).  Any such As-of Orders received by Vanguard on a
Business Day between NSCC Cycles 8 and 14 will be reviewed and either approved or disapproved by 1:00 p.m. Eastern time on such Business Day, after which time the Company will be notified of any rejected As-of Orders through the normal confirmation
process. Any such As-of Orders received by Vanguard on a Business Day between NSCC Cycles 15 and 98 will be reviewed and either approved or disapproved by 10:00 A.M. Eastern time on the following Business Day, after which time the Company will be
notified of any rejected As-of Orders through the normal confirmation process.  (iii) Additional Documentation. In
connection with any As-of Order transmitted by the Company pursuant to Section 1(d)(ii) above, Vanguard may request additional documentation from the Company in connection with its review process. Such documentation may include evidence of the
date and time of receipt of the Instructions corresponding to the original Order from the Contract owner, a letter of indemnification from the Company, and/or an affidavit from the Contract owner or a representative of the Company as to the facts
supporting the As-of Order. Vanguard must receive any documentation requested from the Company via facsimile to (610) 669-4012 not later than 9:00 p.m. Eastern time on the transmission date of the As-of Order. 
(iv) Rejection of As-of Orders. The following As-of Orders shall be rejected by Vanguard: 
(A) Any As-of Order submitted by the Company that does not meet the requirements set forth in Section 1(d)(i) above and that is not
approved by Vanguard pursuant to Section 1(d)(ii) above;  (B) Any As-of Order that includes an Indicated Trade Date that
is 61 or more calendar days prior to the Business Day on which Vanguard receives such As-of Order; 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(C) Any As-of Order requiring notification pursuant to Section 1(d)(ii) above for
which notification is not provided (rejected on the Business Day after receipt by Vanguard);  (D) Any As-of Order requiring
additional documentation pursuant to Section 1(d)(iii) above for which appropriate documentation is not timely provided (rejected on the Business Day after receipt by Vanguard); and 
(E) Any As-of Order that includes an As-of Reason Code of (04) Customer Renege; (13) Distribution Reversal (when applied in
connection with anything other than an Additional Purchase or a Partial Liquidation); or (14) Prospectus Violation (when applied in connection with anything other than a Firm Exit). 
(v) Settlement of As-of Orders. Any As-of Order received, approved (if required) and processed by Vanguard pursuant to Sections
1(d)(i) or 1(d)(ii) shall settle via the NSCC (A) on the next Business Day, if received and approved by Vanguard prior to 8:00 p.m. Eastern time on a Business Day, or (B) on the second following Business Day, if received and approved by
Vanguard after 8:00 p.m. Eastern time on a Business Day.  (vi) Reimbursement of As-of Impact. The transmission to
Vanguard of an As-of Order with an Indicated Trade Date more than two Business Days prior to the transmission date shall constitute the Company’s agreement to reimburse Vanguard for any negative impact to the affected Vanguard Fund that
(A) results from Vanguard’s processing of such As-of Order as of the Indicated Trade Date and (B) is equal to or greater than $250 (the “As-of Impact”). Vanguard will notify the Company of any As-of Impact as soon as
practicable after Vanguard’s receipt, and prior to Vanguard’s processing, of such As-of Order.  (vii) Suspension
of As-of Privilege. Vanguard reserves the right to suspend the Company’s ability to transmit As-of Orders at any time, without prior notice to the Company, if Vanguard determines, in its sole discretion, that the Company has engaged in
excessive or abusive as-of trading, has failed to reimburse As-of Impact within 30 days of assessment, has failed to meet the applicable requirements set forth in this Section 1(d), or is otherwise in breach of the terms of this Agreement.
Effective upon any such suspension, As-of Orders transmitted by the Company will be systematically rejected by Vanguard.  (e)
Errors not Timely Corrected and Delayed Entries. Any error or delay in transmitting an Order that is caused by the Company or any third party and that is not corrected in accordance with Part A, Sections 1(c) or 1(d) of these Operating
Procedures, will be handled as described in Section 7(c) of the Agreement.  (f) Resubmission of Certain Orders.
Any Order timely entered onto Fund/SERV which is rejected by either Vanguard or the NSCC (other than as a result of an NSCC Outage, as defined below) may, in Vanguard’s sole discretion, be accorded a trade date (and corresponding trade price)
that is the date of receipt of the Instructions corresponding to such Order by the Company (T) if all of the following conditions are satisfied:  (i) The Company calls Vanguard not later than 8:30 a.m. Eastern time on T+1 to notify Vanguard of its intent to resubmit the order on T+1; 
(ii) Upon receipt of such notification, Vanguard authorizes the Company to resubmit such order; 
(iii) Such order is resubmitted on T+1 via NSCC Cycle 12 and is received by Vanguard not later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on
T+1; and 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(iv) If such order was rejected by the NSCC for system-related reasons, the Company
shall submit such order to Vanguard via facsimile to (610) 669-4012, and such facsimile shall be received by Vanguard not later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on T+1.  All such resubmitted Orders that are accepted by Vanguard shall settle in accordance with the settlement procedures set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Vanguard reserves the right to reject
any purchase Order, and to delay settlement of or redeem in kind any redemption Order, resubmitted on T+1 with an intended trade date (and trade price) of T if Vanguard, in its sole discretion, deems such Order to be disruptive or detrimental to
the applicable Vanguard Fund. Any purchase Order so rejected will be accorded a trade date of T+1, subject to applicable Extraordinary Event limitations set forth in the Agreement. 
2. Settlement Policy and Procedures. Settlement for all Orders effected pursuant to this Agreement will occur on a T+1
basis, in same day funds, through the NSCC, unless an Order is submitted manually, in which case settlement of purchase Orders will occur on a T+1 basis and settlement of redemption Orders will occur on a T+2 basis, in each case by wire
transfer in accordance with the procedures set forth below. All NSCC settlements will be subject to the rules and procedures of the NSCC, including such rules or procedures as may concern the payment of interest on failed settlements. 
3. Firm Exits. A Firm Exit transaction transmitted to Vanguard via Fund/SERV (a “Firm Exit”) relating to an Order
previously transmitted via Fund/SERV (the “Original Order”) may, in Vanguard’s sole discretion, be accepted and processed, with the effect of canceling the Original Order, subject to the following conditions, as applicable:
 (a) Automatic Processing. Firm Exits that satisfy each of the following conditions will be accepted and processed by
Vanguard:  (i) The Original Order was incorrect as a result of the Company’s error; 
(ii) The Firm Exit identifies the Original Order to which it relates; 
(iii) The amount of the Firm Exit is less than the Large Transaction Amount for the relevant Vanguard Fund; and 
(iv) The Firm Exit is received by Vanguard prior to NSCC settlement of the Original Order. 
Any Firm Exit transmitted after NSCC settlement of the Original Order shall be rejected by the NSCC. 
(b) Discretionary Processing. The Company shall notify Vanguard of any intent to transmit a Firm Exit that falls within either of
the categories listed below by calling Vanguard’s NSCC Services Unit between 6:30 a.m. and 8:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Business Day on which such Firm Exit(s) is (are) transmitted to Vanguard. Any such Firm Exit(s) will be suspended by
Vanguard upon receipt and will be approved and processed only if (x) the Company has provided the required notification and (y) Vanguard approves the Firm Exit(s) upon review, subject to the requirements of Section 3(c) below.
 (i) A Firm Exit in an amount equal to or greater than the Large Transaction Amount for the relevant Vanguard Fund; or

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(ii) Multiple Firm Exits in the same Vanguard Fund transmitted on the same Business Day
which aggregate to an amount equal to or greater than the Large Transaction Amount for the relevant Vanguard Fund.  Any such Firm Exit(s)
received by Vanguard on a Business Day between NSCC Cycles 8 and 14 and relating to an Original Order with a trade date of the immediately preceding Business Day will be reviewed and either approved or disapproved by 1:00 p.m. Eastern time on such
Business Day, after which time Vanguard will notify the Company by telephone of the decision. Any such Firm Exits received by Vanguard on a Business Day between NSCC Cycles 15 and 98 and relating to an Original Order with a trade date of such
Business Day will be reviewed and either approved or disapproved by 10:00 A.M. Eastern time on the following Business Day, after which time Vanguard will notify the Company by telephone of the decision. 
(c) Additional Documentation. In connection with any Firm Exit transmitted by the Company and described in Section 3(b)
above, Vanguard may request additional documentation from the Company in connection with its review process. Such documentation may include evidence of the date and time of receipt of the Instructions corresponding to the Original Order from or on
behalf of the Contract owner, a letter of indemnification from the Company, and/or an affidavit from the Contract owner or a representative of the Company as to the facts supporting the Firm Exit. Vanguard must receive any documentation requested
from the Company via facsimile to (610) 669-4012 not later than 9:00 p.m. Eastern time on the transmission date of the Firm Exit.  (d) Rejection of Firm Exits. The following Firm Exits may be rejected by Vanguard by notification to the Company, regardless of the fact that such Firm Exit is received by Vanguard and is reflected
in the NSCC Settlement for the relevant date:  (i) Any Firm Exit submitted by the Company that does not meet the requirements
set forth in Section 3(a) above and that is not approved by Vanguard pursuant to Section 3(b) above;  (ii) Any Firm
Exit requiring notification pursuant to Section 3(b) above for which notification is not provided (rejected on the Business Day after receipt by Vanguard); and  (iii) Any Firm Exit requiring additional documentation pursuant to Section 3(c) above for which appropriate documentation is not timely provided (rejected on the Business Day after receipt by
Vanguard).  (e) Settlement of Certain Firm Exits. 
(i) Any Firm Exit received and processed by Vanguard pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 3(b) shall be reflected in the NSCC
settlement occurring on the Business Day immediately following the trade date of the Original Order.  (ii) Any Firm Exit
approved by Vanguard pursuant to Section 3(b) or rejected by Vanguard pursuant to Section 3(d) may require the Company’s reimbursement of Firm Exit Impact (as defined below) or a supplemental manual settlement, as follows: 
(A) Reimbursement of Firm Exit Impact. The transmission to Vanguard of a Firm Exit described in Section 3(b) or 3(d) above
shall constitute the Company’s agreement to reimburse Vanguard for any negative impact to the affected Vanguard Fund that (1) results from Vanguard’s processing of such Firm Exit and (2) is equal to or greater than $250 (the
“Firm Exit Impact”). Vanguard will notify the Company of any Firm Exit Impact as soon as practicable after Vanguard’s receipt of such Firm Exit. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(B) Supplemental Manual Settlement. Notwithstanding any prior NSCC settlement
reflecting a Firm Exit, if Vanguard reasonably determines that a Firm Exit described in Sections 3(b) or 3(d) should not be honored as a legal matter or as a matter of Vanguard policy, Vanguard will notify the Company, promptly after such
determination, of the reinstatement of the Original Order, as of its original trade date, and such Original Order will be settled in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 below. 
(f) Review of Firm Exit Privilege. Vanguard reserves the right to review the Company’s use of the Firm Exit privilege
described in this Section 3 in order to determine whether the Company has engaged in excessive or abusive Firm Exit trading, has failed to reimburse Firm Exit Impact or complete supplemental settlements where required, has failed to meet the
applicable requirements set forth in this Section 3, or is otherwise in breach of the terms of this Agreement. In any such case, Vanguard may terminate this Agreement pursuant to the applicable termination provisions. 
4. New Accounts. In order to establish a new account in the Vanguard Funds, the Company will transmit, or cause to be
transmitted, account registration information via Fund/SERV to Vanguard in the established NSCC format or, if the account is not established through the NSCC, the Company will provide Vanguard with all information necessary or appropriate to
establish and maintain such account (and any subsequent changes to such information). The Company will also complete and submit to Vanguard the Firm Information Form, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit E. The account registration information is
required one Business Day in advance of the initial purchase. In addition, where the new account is opened in the name of an underlying Account, under that Account’s taxpayer identification number, the Company will immediately mail Vanguard
hard copy documentation of the foregoing in the form required by Vanguard. With respect to any omnibus accounts, or any other accounts which the Company controls, the Company shall complete master account registration documentation for each taxpayer
identification number; that documentation shall apply to all identically registered accounts to which the taxpayer identification numbers apply. The Company may not transmit any Orders to Vanguard through Fund/SERV, unless and until the Company has
established the accounts to which such Orders relate as provided herein. As used herein, “new account” means an account with a different registration than any existing account of the Company. 
5. Manual Settlement Procedures.  (a) Manual Purchases. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the case of any purchase Order for shares of a Vanguard Fund that is transmitted to Vanguard other than through
Fund/SERV in accordance with all applicable requirements of this Agreement (a “Manual Purchase”), Vanguard shall credit the Account’s account with the purchase of such shares on a Delayed Settlement basis. 
(b) Manual Redemptions. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in the case of any redemption Order for shares of a
Vanguard Fund that is transmitted to Vanguard other than through Fund/SERV in accordance with all applicable requirements of this Agreement (a “Manual Redemption”), Vanguard shall debit the Account’s account in the number of shares
covered by such redemption Order on a Delayed Settlement basis.  For these purposes, “Delayed Settlement” shall mean
that, as applicable, (i) shares of a Vanguard Fund may be credited to the Company’s account at the share price calculated on the date of the Company’s receipt of the Instructions corresponding to the purchase Order
(T) notwithstanding the fact that Vanguard will not receive the settlement proceeds for the Purchase Amount of such Manual Purchase until the next Business Day following the Company’s receipt of such Instructions (T+1), or
(ii) shares of a Vanguard Fund may be redeemed from the Account’s account at the share price calculated on the date of the Company’s receipt of the Instructions corresponding to the redemption Order (T) notwithstanding the fact
that Vanguard will not deliver the settlement proceeds for the Redemption Amount until the second Business Day after the Company’s receipt of such Instructions (T+2). “Purchase Amount” shall mean, with respect to any Manual

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

Purchase, the total dollar value of shares to be purchased (including any applicable purchase or transaction fees). “Redemption Amount” shall mean, with respect to any Manual
Redemption, the total dollar value of shares to be redeemed (including any applicable redemption or transaction fees).  (c)
Wiring of Funds. The Company shall cause the NSCC Firm to remit the Purchase Amount to Vanguard by Federal Funds wire by 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on T+1 in accordance with the wire instructions set forth below. Vanguard shall remit the
Redemption Amount to the NSCC Firm by Federal Funds wire by 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on T+2 in accordance with the wire instructions set forth below.  (d) Failed Trades. In the event that a Manual Purchase results in a Failed Trade (as hereinafter defined), Vanguard reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel such Manual Purchase or the
portion thereof that represents the Failed Trade. The Company or the NSCC Firm, as appropriate, shall reimburse each Vanguard Fund affected by a Failed Trade for any and all losses that it suffers as a result of such Failed Trade, including, but not
limited to, any market losses. At a minimum, losses resulting from a Failed Trade shall be deemed to include an amount calculated as (x) the Purchase Amount minus the amount of any Federal Funds wire timely received by Vanguard in connection
with the Failed Trade, multiplied by (y) the Federal Funds Effective Rate on the day of the Failed Trade, multiplied by (z) 1/360. For these purposes, “Federal Funds Effective Rate” shall mean the average federal funds rate, as
computed by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.  (i) A Failed Trade shall mean any Manual Purchase or portion thereof with
respect to which Vanguard has not received the Purchase Amount in the form of a Federal Funds wire by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on T+1. “Federal Funds” shall mean monies credited to a Vanguard Fund’s transfer agent bank by a Federal
Reserve Bank.  (ii) Vanguard may determine, in its sole discretion, that a Failed Trade did not result from the
Company’s or the NSCC Firm’s action or omission. In the event that such a determination is made, Vanguard may elect to waive all or part of the reimbursement described above. 
(e) Additional Limitations on Delayed Settlement. Delayed Settlement shall be subject to the following additional provisions:
 (i) With respect to any Manual Purchase, only the Purchase Amount designated when placing the Manual Purchase shall be
credited to the Account’s account on a Delayed Settlement basis. Any amount received by Vanguard in excess of the Purchase Amount shall be handled as directed by the Company or the NSCC Firm upon notice from Vanguard. 
(ii) With respect to any Failed Trade, if a portion of the Purchase Amount is timely received by Vanguard (i.e., in the form of a
Federal Funds wire by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time on T+1), then the amount so received shall be credited to the Account’s account on a Delayed Settlement basis.  (iii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the case of any Manual Purchase or portion thereof that has been deemed a Failed Trade, any portion of the Purchase Amount thereafter
received by Vanguard shall be handled as directed by the Company or the NSCC Firm upon notice from Vanguard. The NSCC Firm will not direct Vanguard without first conferring with the Company. 
(f) Wire Instructions. To be provided separately in writing by Vanguard, the NSCC Firm and the Company. Either the NSCC Firm or
the Company may provide Vanguard such instructions with respect to the Accounts’ accounts provided that neither the NSCC Firm nor the Company shall provide such instructions without the other’s consent. The NSCC Firm and the Company will
confer with each other prior to sending such instructions to Vanguard or updating such instructions. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   


B.
CONTINGENCY PROCEDURES 
1. Company Outages. In the case of any interruptions to the transmission or receipt of Orders through Fund/SERV that are due
to problems or errors at the Company or the NSCC Firm (a “Company Outage”), the following procedures shall be followed:  (a) The Company shall immediately notify Vanguard’s NSCC Services Unit at (888) 809-8106 of the Company Outage.  (b) If the Company will not be able to submit Orders to Vanguard by NSCC Cycle 7 on T+1 (received by Vanguard at approximately 7:00 a.m. Eastern time), the Company will call Vanguard’s NSCC
Services Unit at (888) 809-8106 not later than 8:30 a.m. Eastern time on T+1 in order to notify Vanguard of the Company Outage and to provide aggregated net purchase or redemption information, by Vanguard Fund, with respect to the Orders
corresponding to Instructions received on T. If possible, the Company will submit the Orders corresponding to Instructions received on T, that could not previously be transmitted via Fund/SERV, via NSCC Cycle 12 on T+1 (received by Vanguard at
approximately 10:00 a.m. Eastern time); otherwise, the Company will submit such Orders, with all appropriate details, via facsimile to (610) 669-4102 not later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on T+1. 
(c) If any correction or termination of the Company Outage results in the duplicate transmission via Fund/SERV of Orders previously
submitted to Vanguard via the manual process outlined in Part B, Section 1(b) above, the Company will be responsible for any costs or losses associated with the cancellation of such duplicate Orders unless the Company calls Vanguard’s NSCC
Services Unit at (888) 809-8106 not later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on T+1 and provides sufficient information with respect to the duplicated Orders to enable Vanguard to cancel the manually submitted Orders. In such event, the Orders
transmitted via Fund/SERV, if timely received by Vanguard, shall be processed by Vanguard in accordance with its usual procedures set forth in 
Part A.  2. NSCC
Outages. In the case of any interruptions to the transmission or receipt of Orders through Fund/SERV that are due to problems or errors at the NSCC (an “NSCC Outage”), the following procedures shall be followed: 
(a) The party first learning of the NSCC Outage shall notify the other parties immediately upon becoming aware of an NSCC Outage.
 (b) If the Company reasonably believes that it will not be able to submit Orders to Vanguard by NSCC Cycle 7 on T+1, the
Company will call Vanguard’s NSCC Services Unit at (888) 809-8106 not later than 8:30 a.m. Eastern time on T+1 in order to in order to notify Vanguard of the NSCC Outage and to provide aggregated net purchase or redemption information,
by Vanguard Fund, with respect to the Orders corresponding to Instructions received on T. If possible, the Company will submit the Orders corresponding to Instructions received on T, that could not previously be transmitted via Fund/SERV, via NSCC
Cycle 12 on T+1 (received by Vanguard at approximately 10:00 a.m. Eastern time); otherwise, the Company will submit such Orders, with all appropriate details, via facsimile to (610) 669-4102 not later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern time on
T+1.  (c) If any correction or termination of the NSCC Outage may result in the duplicate transmission via Fund/SERV of
Orders previously submitted to Vanguard via the manual process outlined in Part B, Section 2(b) above (i.e., if Orders previously entered onto Fund/SERV were suspended as a result of the NSCC Outage), the Company will be responsible for
any costs or losses associated with the cancellation of duplicate Orders unless the Company calls Vanguard’s NSCC Services Unit at (888) 809-8106 not later than 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

10:00 a.m. Eastern time on T+1 and provides sufficient information with respect to the potentially duplicated Orders to enable Vanguard to cancel the manually submitted Orders. In such event,
the Orders transmitted via Fund/SERV, if timely received by Vanguard, shall be processed by Vanguard in accordance with its usual procedures set forth in Part A.  3. Vanguard Outages. In the case of any interruptions to the transmission or receipt of Orders through Fund/SERV that are due to problems or errors at Vanguard (a “Vanguard
Outage”), the following procedures shall be followed:  (a) The Company shall continue to transmit Orders via Fund/SERV in
accordance with the procedures outlined in the Operating Procedures in Part A above.  (b) Vanguard will be responsible for any
costs or losses associated with processing and settling, as of the appropriate trade date, Orders timely entered onto Fund/SERV by the Company during the Vanguard Outage. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
EXHIBIT A  REDEMPTION FEE PROCEDURES   


A.
Redemption Fee Procedures 
1. Beginning on the effective date of this Agreement, the Company will assess a redemption fee on shares of each Vanguard Fund specified
below redeemed by a Contract owner by means of an exchange out of an Account or sub-account of the Account investing in the Vanguard Fund within the specified holding period after purchase of such shares by the Contract owner by means of an exchange
into an Account or sub-account of the Account investing in the Vanguard Fund (the “Redemption Fee”). For purposes of tracking and assessing the Redemption Fee, all acquisitions by a Contract owner (or by an Account in connection with a
Contract owner) of Vanguard Fund shares as a result of (a) an exchange into the Vanguard Fund, (b) a Contract owner-initiated asset transfer within a Contract, or (c) a Contract owner-initiated rollover shall be considered
“purchases” (a “Purchase”), and all Contract owner (or Account, in connection with a Contract owner) dispositions of Vanguard Fund shares as a result of an exchange out of the Vanguard Fund shall be considered
“redemptions” (a “Redemption”). For purposes of these procedures, “exchange out” means a transaction in which proceeds from a redemption of Vanguard Fund shares in a Contract are used to purchase another investment
offered within the Contract.  2. The Redemption Fee holding period begins at the date of the Purchase, and the Redemption Fee
will be charged on Redemptions that occur before the end of the Vanguard Fund’s holding period. In determining whether and to what extent the Redemption Fee applies to any particular Redemption, a Contract owner’s shares that are exempt
from the Redemption Fee are redeemed first. The Company shall then use a first-in first-out method of accounting for Purchases and Redemptions, meaning that a Contract owner’s oldest shares are redeemed prior to more recently acquired shares.
 3. The following transactions will not be considered Purchases or Redemptions, as applicable, for purposes of these
Redemption Fee Procedures:   


 
(a)
Purchases of Vanguard Fund shares with Plan participant payroll or employer contributions; 
 


 
(b)
Distributions, loans, and in-service withdrawals from Plans;   


 
(c)
Redemptions or transfers of shares as part of a Plan termination or at the direction of a Plan; 
 


 
(d)
Purchases of shares by reinvestment of dividends or capital gain distributions; 
 


 
(e)
Rollovers to individual retirement accounts (IRAs);   


 
(f)
IRA conversions and recharacterizations;   


 
(g)
Re-registrations of shares in the same Vanguard Fund;   


 
(h)
Conversions from one share class to another in the same Vanguard Fund;   


 
(i)
Transactions in Section 529 College Savings Plan accounts; and   


 
(j)
Redemptions of shares to pay fund or account fees.  4. Reallocation and rebalancing transactions completed by Contract owners, investment advisors, or investment advisory services will not be exempt from Redemption Fees. 
5. Vanguard Fund Redemption Fee holding periods shall be calculated using calendar dates and shall include trade dates. 
6. The Company shall be responsible for the calculation of, and causing the NSCC Firm to remit, the correct amount of Redemption Fees.

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
7. (a) Preferred Method. If the Company elects to utilize the
NSCC’s Short-Term Redemption Fee Processing Automation, the Redemption Fee shall be processed and settled through the Fund/SERV STR functionality, in accordance with applicable NSCC rules and procedures and any supplemental information or
clarification furnished to the Company in writing by Vanguard from time to time.  (b) Alternate Method.
If the Company does not elect to utilize the NSCC’s Short-Term Redemption Fee Processing Automation, the Redemption Fee shall be withheld from the redemption proceeds of each Redemption of Vanguard Fund shares, and shall be remitted to Vanguard
monthly, or more frequently as the parties shall agree, as follows. Redemption Fees due as a result of transactions processed during each calendar month shall be accumulated and remitted via Federal Funds wire received by Vanguard no later than 4:00
p.m. Eastern time on the fifth Business Day of the following calendar month in accordance with the wiring instructions provided in writing to the Company and the NSCC Firm by Vanguard, as Vanguard may update such instructions from time to time with
advance notice to the Company. Such wiring instructions should be used only for the remittance of redemption and purchase fees on transactions in the Vanguard Funds, and not for any other purpose. 
8. On the same Business Day as each wire transfer of Redemption Fees, the Company shall deliver via facsimile to (484) 582-4853 a
spreadsheet in the form of the template attached to this Exhibit A indicating the allocation among the Vanguard Funds and the Accounts of the fees remitted, which shall include the following information: 
 


 
•
 
 Vanguard Fund number   


 
•
 
 Master/client identification number   


 
•
 
 CUSIP number   


 
•
 
 Vanguard account number   


 
•
 
 Dollar amount of the Redemption Fees remitted for each Vanguard Fund account 
Each such facsimile transmission shall include the name and telephone number of a Company contact for purposes of any questions regarding the Redemption
Fees remitted.  9. The Company agrees to furnish Vanguard with such information as Vanguard may reasonably request from time
to time in order for Vanguard to verify the Company’s compliance with the terms of these procedures, including, without limitation, periodic certifications confirming such compliance, which shall not be requested on an unreasonably frequent
basis. The Company shall maintain records sufficient to identify the date and time of receipt of all Purchase and Redemption transactions resulting in Redemption Fees and shall make such records reasonably available upon request for examination by
Vanguard or its designated representative or, at the written request of Vanguard, by appropriate governmental authorities or self-regulatory organizations.  B. Vanguard Funds that Charge Redemption Fees*   










 Fund Name*
  
 Fund Number
  
Redemption Fee(applies to all listedshare classes)
 
 Holding Period
(applies to all listed share classes)

Vanguard Capital Opportunity Fund
  
 0111 (Investor Shares)
5111 (Admiral Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

Vanguard Consumer Discretionary Index Fund
  
5483 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

Vanguard Consumer Staples Index Fund
  
5484 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

Vanguard Convertible Securities Fund
  
0082 (Investor Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

Vanguard Developed Markets Index Fund
  
0227 (Investor Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund (see Exhibit B for purchase fee information)
  
 0533 (Investor Shares)
5533 (Admiral Shares) 1354 (Signal
Shares) 0239 (Institutional Shares)
1865 (Instit Plus Shares)
  
0.25%
 
All redemptions

Vanguard Energy Fund
  
 0051 (Investor Shares)
0551 (Admiral Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   










 Vanguard Energy Index Fund
  
5480 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard European Stock Index Fund
  
 0079 (Investor Shares) 0579
(Admiral Shares) 1352 (Signal Shares)
0235 (Institutional Shares) 1863 (Instit Plus
Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard Financials Index Fund
  
5486 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US Index Fund
  
 0770 (Investor Shares) 0881
(Institutional Shares) 1866 (Instit Plus Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US Small-Cap Index Fund (see Exhibit B for purchase fee information)
  
 1684 (Investor Shares) 0884
(Institutional Shares)
  
0.75%
 
All redemptions

 Vanguard Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Index Fund (see Exhibit B for purchase fee information)
  
 738 (Investor Shares) 1758
(Signal Shares) 1858 (Institutional Shares)
  
0.25%
 
All redemptions

 Vanguard Health Care Fund
  
 0052 (Investor Shares) 0552
(Admiral Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Health Care Index Fund
  
5485 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard High-Yield Corporate Fund
  
 0029 (Investor Shares) 0529
(Admiral Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Industrials Index Fund
  
5482 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Information Technology Index Fund
  
5487 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Institutional Developed Markets Index Fund
  
0234 (Institutional Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard International ExplorerTM Fund
  
0126 (Investor Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard International Growth Fund
  
 0081 (Investor Shares) 0581
(Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard International Value Fund
  
0046 (Investor Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard Market Neutral Fund
  
 0634 (Investor Shares) 0734
(Institutional Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Materials Index Fund
  
5481 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Pacific Stock Index Fund
  
 0072 (Investor Shares) 0572
(Admiral Shares) 1353 (Signal Shares)
0237 (Institutional Shares) 1864 (Instit Plus
Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard Precious Metals & Mining Fund
  
0053 (Investor Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard PRIMECAP Fund
  
 0059 (Investor Shares) 0559
(Admiral Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard PRIMECAP Core Fund
  
1220 (Investor Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard REIT Index Fund
  
 0123 (Investor Shares) 5123
(Admiral Shares) 1355 (Signal Shares)
3123 (Institutional Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Selected Value Fund
  
0934 (Investor Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Tax-Managed Balanced Fund
  
0103 (Investor Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 5 years

 Vanguard Tax-Managed Capital Appreciation Fund
  
 0102 (Investor Shares) 5102
(Admiral Shares) 0135 (Institutional Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 5 years

 Vanguard Tax-Managed Growth and Income Fund
  
 0101 (Investor Shares) 5101
(Admiral Shares) 0136 (Institutional Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 5 years

 Vanguard Tax-Managed International Fund
  
 0127 (Investor Shares) 0137
(Institutional Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 5 years

 Vanguard Tax-Managed Small-Cap Fund
  
 0116 (Investor Shares) 0118
(Institutional Shares)
  
1%
 
Less than 5 years

 Vanguard Telecommunication Services Index Fund
  
5488 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year

 Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fund
  
0113 (Investor Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months


  

  

 

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   











  
 0569 (Admiral Shares) 1769
(Signal Shares) 1869 (Institutional Shares) 1862 (Instit Plus Shares)
  

 


 Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund
(see Exhibit B for purchase fee information)
  
 0628 (Investor Shares) 0826
(Institutional Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 2 months

 Vanguard Utilities Index Fund
  
5489 (Admiral Shares)
  
2%
 
Less than 1 year  


*
The availability of funds may vary because of fund openings and closings or changes in minimum initial investments. 
 











 
Redemption Fees







 
Company Name:
  

  
Contact Name:


 
Company Address:
  

  
Phone Number:


 

  

  
E-mail address: TIN  
 




















 Fund Number
  
Master or Client ID
 
  
CUSIP Number
 
  
Account Number
 
  
Redemptionfee amount
 


  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  
 
Total
  
  
 
0.00
  
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
EXHIBIT B  PURCHASE FEE PROCEDURES  1. Beginning on the effective date of this
Agreement, the Company will assess a purchase fee on shares of the Vanguard Funds identified below purchased by a Contract owner (or an Account in connection with a Contract owner) (the “Purchase Fee”). For purposes of tracking and
assessing the Purchase Fee, all acquisitions by a Contract owner (or by an Account in connection with a Contract owner) of shares as a result of (a) a purchase or an exchange into the Vanguard Fund, (b) a Contract owner-initiated asset
transfer into the Vanguard Fund, or (c) a Contract owner-initiated rollover into the Vanguard Fund shall be considered “purchases” (a “Purchase”).  2. The following transactions will not be considered Purchases for purposes of these Purchase Fee Procedures:   


 
(a)
Purchases of shares by reinvestment of dividends or capital gains distributions; 
 


 
(b)
Transfers or re-registrations within the Vanguard Fund; and   


 
(c)
Conversions from one share class to another in the Vanguard Fund.  3. The Purchase Fee shall be withheld from the settlement of each Purchase of Vanguard Fund shares, and shall be remitted to Vanguard monthly, or more frequently as the parties shall agree, as follows.
Purchase Fees due as a result of transactions processed during each calendar month shall be accumulated and remitted via Federal Funds wire received by Vanguard no later than 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on the fifth Business Day of the following calendar
month in accordance with the wiring instructions provided in writing to the Company and the NSCC Firm by Vanguard, as Vanguard may update such instructions from time to time with advance notice to the Company. Such wiring instructions should be used
only for the remittance of redemption and purchase fees on transactions in the Vanguard Funds, and not for any other purpose.  4. On the same Business Day as each wire transfer of Purchase Fees, the Company shall deliver via facsimile to (484) 582-4853 a spreadsheet in the form of the template attached to this Exhibit B
indicating the allocation among the Company’s accounts of the Purchase Fees remitted, which shall include the following information:   


 
•
 
 Fund number   


 
•
 
 Master/client identification number   


 
•
 
 CUSIP   


 
•
 
 Vanguard account number   


 
•
 
 Dollar amount of the Purchase Fees remitted  Each such facsimile transmission shall include the name and telephone number of a Company contact for purposes of any questions regarding the Purchase Fees remitted. 
5. The Company agrees to furnish Vanguard with such information as Vanguard may reasonably request from time to time in order for
Vanguard to verify the Company’s compliance with the terms of these procedures, including, without limitation, periodic certifications confirming such compliance, which shall not be requested on an unreasonably frequent basis. The Company shall
maintain records sufficient to identify the date and time of receipt of all Purchases resulting in Purchase Fees and shall make such records reasonably available upon request for examination by Vanguard or its designated representative or, at the
written request of Vanguard, by appropriate governmental authorities or self-regulatory organizations. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
Vanguard Funds that Charge Purchase Fees* 
 








Fund Name*
  
Fund Number
  
 Purchase Fee (applies to all listed share classes)

 Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund
  
 0533 (Investor Shares) 5533
(Admiral Shares) 1354 (Signal Shares)
0239 (Institutional Shares) 1865 (Instit Plus
Shares)
  
0.50%

 Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US Small-Cap Index Fund
  
 1684 (Investor Shares) 0884
(Institutional Shares)
  
0.75%

 Vanguard Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Index Fund
  
 738 (Investor Shares) 1758
(Signal Shares) 1858 (Institutional Shares)
  
0.25%

 Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund
  
 0628 (Investor Shares) 0826
(Institutional Shares)
  
0.25%

 Vanguard Short-Term Corporate Bond Index fund
  
 1945 (Signal Shares) 1645
(Institutional Shares)
  
0.25%

 Vanguard Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond Index Fund
  
 1946 (Signal Shares) 1646
(Institutional Shares)
  
0.50%

 Vanguard Long-Term Corporate Bond Index Fund
  
 1947 (Signal Shares) 1647
(Institutional Shares)
  
1.00%

 Vanguard Extended Duration Treasury Index Fund Inst
Vanguard Extended Duration Treasury Index Fund Plus
  
 1275 (Institutional Shares)
1276 (Institutional Shares)
  
0.25%  


*
The availability of funds may vary because of fund openings and closings or changes in minimum initial investments. 
 








 Purchase Fees





 Company Name:
  

  
Contact Name:

 Company Address:
  

  
Phone Number:


  

  
E-mail address: TIN 
 




















 Fund Number
  
Master or Client ID
 
  
CUSIPNumber
 
  
Account Number
 
  
Purchase feeamount
 


  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  



  





  



  



  
 
Total
  
  
 
0.00
  
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
EXHIBIT C  TIAA VA-3 SEPARATE ACCOUNT FREQUENT TRADING POLICY  There are
contractowners who may try to profit from transferring money back and forth among investment accounts in an effort to “time” the market. As money is shifted in and out of these investment accounts, we incur transaction costs and the
underlying funds incur expenses for buying and selling securities. These costs are borne by all contractowners. In addition, market timing can interfere with efficient portfolio management and cause dilution, if timers are able to take advantage of
pricing inefficiencies. The risk of pricing inefficiencies can be particularly acute for portfolios invested primarily in foreign securities, such as the TIAA-CREF International Equity Fund, the TIAA-CREF International Equity Index Fund, the
TIAA-CREF Emerging Markets Equity Fund, the TIAA-CREF Emerging Markets Equity Index Fund, the American Funds EuroPacific Growth Fund, the Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund, the Dodge & Cox International Stock Fund, and the DFA
Emerging Markets Portfolio.  We have adopted policies and procedures to discourage market timing activity and control certain
transfer activity. We have the right to modify our policies and procedures at any time without advance notice. Under these policies and procedures, contractowners who make a transfer out of any one of the investment accounts available under the
contract (other than the investment accounts that invest in the TIAA-CREF Money Market Fund and the TIAA-CREF Short-Term Bond Fund), will not be able to make electronic transfers (i.e. over the Internet, by telephone or by fax) back into that
same investment account in that contract for 30 calendar days starting the day after the transfer. The electronic transfers that will be restricted under this policy do not include certain types of transactions like systematic withdrawals,
systematic purchases, automatic rebalancings, death and hardship withdrawals, certain transactions made within a retirement or employee benefit plan, such as contributions, mandatory distributions, loans and plan sponsor-initiated transactions, and
other types of transactions specified by TIAA management.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may reject, limit,
defer or impose other conditions on transfers into or out of an investment account in order to curb frequent transfer activity to the extent that comparable limitations are imposed on the purchase, redemption or exchange of shares of any of the
funds under the separate account.  If we regard the transfer activity as disruptive to an underlying fund’s efficient
portfolio management, based on the timing or amount of the investment or because of a history of excessive trading by the investor, we may limit a contractowner’s ability to make transfers by telephone, fax or over the Internet. We also may
stop doing business with financial advisors who engage in excessive transfer activity on behalf of their clients. Because we have discretion in applying these policies, it is possible that similar activity could be handled differently with the
result that some market timing activity may not be detected.  We seek to apply our market timing and other transfer policies
uniformly to all contractowners. We reserve the right to waive these policies where management believes that the waiver is in the contractowners’ best interests and that imposition of the policy’s restrictions is not necessary to protect
contractowners from the effects of short-term trading. Except as stated above, no exceptions are made with respect to the policies. The contract is not appropriate for market timing. You should not invest in the contract if you want to engage in
market timing activity.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may not accept or we may defer transfers at any time
that we are unable to purchase or redeem shares of any of the funds under the separate account.  Contractowners seeking to
engage in market timing may deploy a variety of strategies to avoid detection, and, despite our efforts to discourage market timing, there is no guarantee that TIAA or its agents will be able to identify all market timers or curtail their trading
practices. If we do not identify or curtail market timers, there could be dilution in the value of account shares held by long-term participants, increased transaction costs, and interference with the efficient portfolio management of the affected
fund.  The funds available as investment options under the contract may have adopted their own policies and procedures with
respect to market timing and excessive trading of their respective shares. The prospectuses for the funds describe any such policies and procedures. The policies and procedures of a fund may be different, and more or less restrictive, than our
policies and procedures or the policies and procedures of other funds. While we reserve the right to enforce these policies 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

and procedures, we may not have the contractual authority or the operational capacity to apply the market timing and excessive trading polices and procedures of the funds. However, we have
entered into a written agreement, as required by SEC regulation, with each fund or its principal underwriter that obligates us to provide to the fund promptly upon request certain information about the trading activity of individual contractowners,
and to execute instructions from the fund to restrict or prohibit further purchases or transfers by specific contractowners who violate the market timing and excessive trading policies established by the fund. 
In addition, some funds may impose redemption fees on short-term trading (i.e., redemptions of fund shares within a certain number
of days after purchase). The fund determines the amount of the redemption fee and the fee is retained by or paid to the fund assessing the redemption fee and not by TIAA. The redemption fee may affect the number and value of accumulation units
transferred out of the investment account that invests in that fund and, therefore, may affect the investment account accumulation. We reserve the right to administer and collect any such redemption fees from your accumulation on behalf of the
funds.  As of May 1, 2011 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
EXHIBIT D  SHARE CLASS ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS FOR INTERMEDIARIES  SERVICING
DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS   


1.
Share Classes.  (a) Admiral, Signal,
Institutional, and Institutional Plus Shares. The Accounts’ accounts may qualify for Admiral Shares, Signal Shares, Institutional Shares and/or Institutional Plus Shares, if and to the extent available from time to time, by satisfying the
applicable requirements set forth below. Vanguard Fund accounts maintained by the Company for Mutual Fund Supermarkets (as defined below) are not eligible to offer these share classes except as noted below in connection with Plans and Plan
participants.  (b) Mutual Fund Supermarkets. As used herein, “Mutual Fund Supermarket” shall mean a program or platform
offered by the Company or underlying intermediary through which their individual clients, on a self-directed basis, may purchase and sell mutual funds offered by a variety of independent fund families. 
(c) Plans and Participants using Mutual Fund Supermarkets. Plans and Plan participants may access Vanguard Funds, including Admiral, Signal,
Institutional, and Institutional Plus shares, through a Mutual Fund Supermarket provided that they meet the individual eligibility requirements for the applicable share class.  (d) Eligibility. The Company shall be responsible for ensuring that only those accounts, underlying intermediaries, Accounts, and/or Plans, as the case may be, that satisfy all applicable
eligibility requirements herein receive and continue to hold Admiral Shares, Signal Shares, Institutional Shares, or Institutional Plus Shares, as appropriate, and/or such additional or substitute share classes as the Vanguard Funds may offer from
time to time. Vanguard and the Vanguard Funds reserve the right to discontinue availability of any one or more share classes at any time and for any reason without prior notice. 
 


2.
Admiral Shares Eligibility Requirements. 
Except as set forth in Section 3 of this Exhibit D with respect to Admiral Shares of Signal Funds (as defined in such Section 3): 
(a) For each Vanguard Fund (other than any Signal Fund), all purchases of Admiral Shares and any conversions from Investor Shares to Admiral Shares must
be attributable to an Account that has, or immediately after the transaction will have, a minimum of $100,000 invested in the Vanguard Fund through the Company (an “Admiral Qualifying Account”); 
(b) Assets beneficially owned by multiple Accounts may not be aggregated to meet the $100,000 minimum investment, except as approved by Vanguard in
accordance with criteria established by Vanguard;  (c) Assets beneficially owned by a Account in the same Vanguard Fund through multiple
accounts may not be aggregated to meet the $100,000 minimum investment, except as approved by Vanguard in accordance with criteria established by Vanguard;  (d) Companies seeking Admiral Shares for other account arrangements should contact Vanguard for eligibility requirements; and,  (e) The Company shall request a purchase of Admiral Shares, or a conversion from Investor Shares to Admiral Shares, on behalf of an Admiral Qualifying Account via a Fund/SERV transmission. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   


3.
Signal Shares Eligibility Requirements. 
(a) The Company shall be eligible to hold and purchase Signal Shares on behalf of Accounts. The Company is not permitted to establish a new account in
Admiral Shares of any Vanguard Fund that offers Signal Shares (such funds are listed on Attachment A to this Agreement) (each, a “Signal Fund”), purchase Admiral Shares of any Signal Fund on behalf of an Account, or convert Investor Shares
of any Signal Fund to Admiral Shares of such fund.  (b) The Company shall request a purchase of Signal Shares, or a conversion from Investor
Shares to Signal Shares, on behalf of an eligible Account via a Fund/SERV transmission.  (c) The Company shall be permitted to purchase and
hold, on behalf of Accounts, Admiral Shares of any Vanguard Fund that does not and will not offer Signal Shares, subject to applicable Admiral Shares eligibility requirements described in Section 2 above and in effect from time to time.
  


4.
Institutional Shares Eligibility Requirements.  (a) For each Vanguard Fund, all purchases of Institutional Shares and any conversions from Investor Shares, Admiral Shares or Signal Shares to Institutional Shares must be attributable to an Account that
has, or immediately after the transaction will have, a minimum of $5,000,000* invested in the Vanguard Fund through the Company (an “Institutional Qualifying Account”);  (b) Assets beneficially owned by multiple Accounts may not be aggregated to meet the $5,000,000* minimum investment, except as approved by Vanguard in accordance with criteria established by Vanguard;
 (c) Assets beneficially owned by an Account in the same Vanguard Fund through multiple accounts may not be aggregated to meet the $5,000,000*
minimum investment, except as approved by Vanguard in accordance with criteria established by Vanguard;  (d) Companies seeking Institutional
Shares for other account arrangements should contact Vanguard for eligibility requirements; and,  (e) The Company shall request a purchase of
Institutional Shares, or a conversion from any other class of shares to Institutional Shares, on behalf of an Institutional Qualifying Account via a Fund/SERV transmission. 
   


*
Required minimum for Vanguard Intermediate-Term Bond Index Fund Institutional Shares is $25,000,000; for Vanguard Long-Term Bond Index Fund Institutional Shares is
$25,000,000; for Vanguard Short-Term Investment-Grade Fund Institutional Shares is $50,000,000; and for Vanguard Institutional Total Stock Market Index Fund Institutional Shares, $100,000,000. The availability of funds may vary because of fund
openings and closings or changes in minimum investments.   


5.
Institutional Plus Shares Eligibility Requirements.  (a) For each Vanguard Fund, all purchases of Institutional Plus Shares and any conversions from any other class of shares to Institutional Plus Shares must be attributable to an Account that has, or
immediately after the transaction will have, the minimum amount specified in the relevant Vanguard Fund’s Institutional Plus Shares prospectus invested in the Vanguard Fund through the Company (an “Institutional Plus Qualifying
Account”);  (b) Assets beneficially owned by multiple Accounts may not be aggregated to meet the required investment minimum, except as
approved by Vanguard in accordance with criteria established by Vanguard;  (c) Assets beneficially owned by an Account in the same Vanguard
Fund through multiple accounts may not be aggregated to meet the required investment minimum, except as approved by Vanguard in accordance with criteria established by Vanguard; 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
(d) Companies seeking Institutional Plus Shares for other account arrangements should contact Vanguard
for eligibility requirements; and,  (e) The Company shall request a purchase of Institutional Plus Shares, or a conversion from any other
class of shares to Institutional Plus Shares, on behalf of an Institutional Plus Qualifying Account via a Fund/SERV transmission.   


6.
Mutual Fund Supermarkets Reporting.  Upon
reasonable request by Vanguard, the Company shall furnish:   


 
(i)
a report identifying, as applicable: (A) any Plans accessing the Vanguard Funds through a Mutual Fund Supermarket; (B) a listing of all Vanguard Funds offered
through the Mutual Fund Supermarket (including a breakdown of: the Vanguard Funds offered to Plans, Plan participants, or accounts; and the Vanguard Funds offered to individuals that are not Plan participants); and (C) a listing of all of the
Company’s accounts maintained on behalf of a Mutual Fund Supermarket;   


 
(ii)
a description of the Company’s policies and procedures for preventing Mutual Fund Supermarkets from inappropriately acquiring share classes other than Investor
Shares;   


 
(iii)
Vanguard access to any Mutual Fund Supermarkets (including the necessary user names and passwords) to review the share classes offered to various client types; and,
  


 
(iv)
such other or additional reporting or information as Vanguard may specify in order to ensure compliance with applicable share class eligibility requirements.
  


7.
Reporting and Reclassification.   (a)
Upon the request of Vanguard from time to time, the Company will submit to Vanguard a report for each share class listing (i) each Account that beneficially owns each share class through the Company or an underlying intermediary, and
(ii) the amount of each Vanguard Fund’s share class held by the Company or the underlying intermediary for each such Account (in dollars and shares). This information will be provided separately for each Vanguard Fund, each share class of
each Vanguard Fund, and each account maintained by the Company.  (b) All information received from the reporting required under this exhibit
will be kept confidential by Vanguard, will not be disclosed to any unaffiliated third party and will be used solely for purposes of monitoring compliance with the eligibility requirements of the multi-share class program. 
(c)(i) Subject to the provisions of subsection (ii) below, if an Account holding a particular share class no longer meets the required investment
minimum, no longer satisfies Vanguard’s criteria for aggregation, or otherwise becomes ineligible to hold such share class, then the Company will promptly direct Vanguard to reclassify the appropriate amount of assets from the ineligible share
class to a share class that the Account is eligible to hold, if available, within the Company’s Vanguard accounts. In addition, Vanguard may, without direction from the Company, reclassify the appropriate amount of assets from any share class
that an Account is no longer eligible to hold to a share class that the Account is eligible to hold, if available and as appropriate, within the Company’s Vanguard accounts, or exercise any other rights set forth in the applicable Vanguard
Fund’s then-current prospectus and the Vanguard Funds’ then-effective Multiple Class Plan, with respect to a Plan holding a specific share class.  (ii) Without limiting any rights of Vanguard or the Vanguard Funds under this Agreement or otherwise, in any case where an Account holding a particular share class no longer meets the required investment
minimum, no longer satisfies Vanguard’s criteria for aggregation, or otherwise becomes ineligible to hold such share class (including to the extent any of the foregoing occur as a result of changes to the eligibility requirements set forth
herein), Vanguard agrees to, in connection with any resulting reclassification requirement, consider all information that may be provided by the Company concerning circumstances particular to the Accounts and Contracts, including information
regarding any 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   

impact such reclassification requirement may have on the Accounts and any obligations of the Company that may arise from any such reclassification requirement, such as a need to obtain an order
pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act to permit the substitution of a different share class, and agrees to, in any such circumstance, engage with the Company in an effort to reach a mutually agreeable resolution regarding any such
reclassification requirement; provided that Vanguard shall have the right to in its sole discretion make the final determination as to whether any shares will be reclassified. The Company may promptly provide to Vanguard any such information the
Company deems necessary or appropriate prior to directing Vanguard to reclassify shares pursuant to Section 7(i) above. 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   
EXHIBIT E  FIRM INFORMATION FORM  Important information about opening a new account: Vanguard
is required by federal law to obtain from each person who opens an account certain personal information—including name, address, and date of birth among other information—that will be used to verify identity. If you do not provide us with
this information, we will not be able to open the account. If we are unable to verify your identity, Vanguard reserves the right to close your account or take other steps we deem reasonable.  (Please print, preferably in black ink.)   






 1.      Name of Firm
 
  
 Please check the box, if applicable:  
¨ Employee benefit plan established under ERISA
 


2.
Firm Information   








Citizenship: ¨ U.S. Citizen or ¨ Resident 
Alien or ¨ Nonresident Alien
 
  
 



 
Country of citizenship for nonresident alien  












  
 
¨ Applied for.
  


 Employer Identification Number, or Qualified Company Employer Identification Number
(if a non-U.S. entity)
 
Date of application:                        
         
  
  








  

 Street Address or APO/FPO (a P.O. box or rural route number is not acceptable)
 












  
  
  
  
  
  


City
  
State
  
Zip Code
  








  
  

  
  
  

  


Daytime Telephone Number
  

  
Evening Telephone Number
  

  
  


3.
Type of Account  Important: Please
send us, along with this form, a copy of the documentation required for the account registration type specified below, or there may be a delay in establishing the account or account options. 
 







 
Documents Required

¨Corporation
 
Articles of Incorporation or state-issued charter or Certificate of Good Standing.

¨Endowment
 
Pages in trust document that show the name of the endowment and a listing of all trustees and their signatures.

¨Foundation
 
Articles of Incorporation.

¨Partnership
 
Partnership Agreement.

¨Professional Association or
 


      Corporation; Limited Liability      Corporation
 
Articles of Association, Certificate of Organization, or similar document.

¨Sole Proprietorship
 
Document filed to form the proprietorship.

¨Unincorporated Enterprise
 
Document evidencing the existence of the enterprise, such as the charter or resolution.

 ¨Other                                  
                               
 
Document filed to form the organization (if a legal entity), or organization bylaws or similar document (if not a legal entity).
(Please specify type.)Check one of the following if it describes the organization opening the account: 
  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 


NSCC Membership Number 2006   












¨Broker/Dealer
  
¨National Bank
  
¨Government Agency or Instrumentality
  







¨Mutual Fund
  
¨State-Regulated Bank
  
¨Publicly Traded on the Nasdaq (Except    Small-Cap Issues), NYSE, or
AMEX
  









  

  

  
  
                         
           (Enter ticker symbol.)
  
 4. Names and Signatures of Authorized Signers  The undersigned hereby certify that all information provided on this Firm Information Form is true, correct, and complete.   










  
 

  

  


Name
 

  

  







  
 

  
  
  


Signature/Title
 

  
Date
  







  
 

  

  


Name
 

  

  







  
 

  
  
  


Signature/Title
 

  
Date
  

  0241320 0.8 DCC&S VA
INSURANCE PRODUCT 










Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 Balanced Index Fund
  
2
  
VBINX
  
921931101
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Value Index Fund
  
6
  
VIVAX
  
922908405
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Growth Index Fund
  
9
  
VIGRX
  
922908504
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Admiral Treasury Money Market Fund
  
11
  
VUSXX
  
921932109
  
NA
  
M
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  
Closed Fund

 NJ Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
14
  
VNJTX
  
92204F206
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 FL Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
18
  
VFLTX
  
922033105
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Wellington Fund
  
21
  
VWELX
  
921935102
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $10,000

 Windsor Fund
  
22
  
VWNDX
  
922018106
  
NA
  
S
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 US Growth Fund
  
23
  
VWUSX
  
921910105
  
NA
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Explorer Fund
  
24
  
VEXPX
  
921926101
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Morgan Growth Fund
  
26
  
VMRGX
  
921928107
  
NA
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Wellesley Income Fund
  
27
  
VWINX
  
921938106
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Long-Term Investment Grade Fund
  
28
  
VWESX
  
922031109
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 High-Yield Corporate Fund
  
29
  
VWEHX
  
922031208
  
1% out < 1 yr.
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Prime Money Market Fund
  
30
  
VMMXX
  
922906201
  
NA
  
M
  
$
25,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 Limited-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
31
  
VMLTX
  
922907704
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Short-Term Treasury Fund
  
32
  
VFISX
  
922031703
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Federal Money Market Fund
  
33
  
VMFXX
  
922906300
  
NA
  
M
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  
Closed Fund

 Retirement Savings Trust
  
34
  
NA
  
92202V104
  

  
*
  
$
1,000,000
  
  

  

  


 Intermediate-Term Treasury Fund
  
35
  
VFITX
  
922031802
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 GNMA Fund
  
36
  
VFIIX
  
922031307
  
NA
  
M
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Short-Term Investment Grade Fund
  
39
  
VFSTX
  
922031406
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 500 Index Fund
  
40
  
VFINX
  
922908108
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Short-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
41
  
VWSTX
  
922907100
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Intermediate-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
42
  
VWITX
  
922907209
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
43
  
VWLTX
  
922907308
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 High-Yield Tax-Exempt Fund
  
44
  
VWAHX
  
922907407
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund
  
45
  
VMSXX
  
922907506
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 International Value Fund
  
46
  
VTRIX
  
921939203
  
2% Out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Small-Cap Index Fund
  
48
  
NAESX
  
922908702
  
NA
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Short-Term Federal Fund
  
49
  
VSGBX
  
922031604
  
NA
  
M
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Energy Fund
  
51
  
VGENX
  
921908109
  
1% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $25,000

 Health Care Fund
  
52
  
VGHCX
  
921908307
  
1% out< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $25,000

 Precious Metals & Mining Fund
  
53
  
VGPMX
  
921908208
  
1% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 STAR Fund
  
56
  
VGSTX
  
921909107
  
NA
  
S
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Dividend Growth Fund
  
57
  
VDIGX
  
921908604
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 PRIMECAP Fund
  
59
  
VPMCX
  
921936100
  
1% out< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 CA Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund
  
62
  
VCTXX
  
922021209
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 PA Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund
  
63
  
VPTXX
  
92204L203
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 Equity Income Fund
  
65
  
VEIPX
  
921921102
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Prime Money Market Fund Inst. Shares
  
66
  
VMRXX
  
922906508
  
NA
  
M
  
$
25,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Money Market
  
Min IP $5 million

 VVIF-Total Bond Index
  
67
  
NA
  
921925202
  
NA
  
M
  
$
750,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Bond
  


 Intermediate-Term Investment Grade Fund
  
71
  
VFICX
  
922031885
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  











Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 Pacific Stock Index Fund
  
72
  
VPACX
  
922042106
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Windsor II Fund
  
73
  
VWNFX
  
922018205
  
NA
  
S
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 CA Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
75
  
VCITX
  
922021100
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 NY Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
76
  
VNYTX
  
92204H103
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 PA Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
77
  
VPAIX
  
92204L104
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Asset Allocation Fund
  
78
  
VAAPX
  
922020102
  
NA
  
S
  
$
3,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 European Stock Index Fund
  
79
  
VEURX
  
922042205
  
2% Out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 International Growth Fund
  
81
  
VWIGX
  
921910204
  
2% Out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Convertible Securities Fund
  
82
  
VCVSX
  
922023106
  
1% Out< 1 yr
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Long-Term Treasury Fund
  
83
  
VUSTX
  
922031505
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Total Bond Market Index Fund
  
84
  
VBMFX
  
921937108
  
NA
  
M
  
$
15,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Total Stock Market Index Fund
  
85
  
VTSMX
  
922908306
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Growth & Income Fund
  
93
  
VQNPX
  
921913109
  
NA
  
S
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Institutional Index Fund
  
94
  
VINIX
  
922040100
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 NJ Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund
  
95
  
VNJXX
  
92204F107
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 OH Tax-Exempt Money Market Fund
  
96
  
VOHXX
  
921929105
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 OH Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
97
  
VOHIX
  
921929204
  
NA
  
M
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Extended Market Index Fund
  
98
  
VEXMX
  
922908207
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 CA Intermediate-Term Tax-Exempt Fund
  
100
  
VCAIX
  
922021308
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Tax-Managed Growth and Income Fund
  
101
  
VTGIX
  
921943106
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Tax-Managed Capital Appreciation Fund
  
102
  
VMCAX
  
921943205
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Tax-Managed Balanced Fund
  
103
  
VTMFX
  
921943304
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
Q
  
$
250,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $10,000

 VVIF Money Market
  
104
  
NA
  
921925103
  
NA
  
M
  
$
3,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Money Market
  


 VVIF Balanced Portfolio
  
106
  
NA
  
921925400
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Balanced
  


 VVIF Equity Index
  
107
  
NA
  
921925301
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 VVIF Equity Income
  
108
  
NA
  
921925608
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 VVIF Growth
  
109
  
NA
  
921925509
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 VVIF International
  
110
  
NA
  
921925707
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 Capital Opportunity Fund
  
111
  
VHCOX
  
922038302
  
1%< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Total International Stock Index Fund
  
113
  
VGTSX
  
921909602
  
2%< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Strategic Equity Fund
  
114
  
VSEQX
  
922038104
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Tax-Managed Small-Cap Fund
  
116
  
VTMSX
  
921943403
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Tax Managed Small-Cap Fund Inst.
  
118
  
VTSIX
  
921943502
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Inflation Protected Securities Fund
  
119
  
VIPSX
  
922031869
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
7,500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 LifeStrategy Growth Fund
  
122
  
VASGX
  
921909503
  
NA
  
S
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 REIT Index Fund
  
123
  
VGSIX
  
921908703
  
1% out< 1yr.
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 U.S. Value Fund
  
124
  
VUVLX
  
922020201
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Total Stock Market Index Trust Inst.
  
125
  
NA
  
92202V203
  
NA
  
*
  
$
500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $400 million

 International Explorer Fund
  
126
  
VINEX
  
921946208
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $25,000

 Tax-Managed International Fund
  
127
  
VTMGX
  
921943809
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Global Equity Fund
  
129
  
VHGEX
  
922038203
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Short-Term Bond Index Fund
  
132
  
VBISX
  
921937207
  
NA
  
M
  
$
7,500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Tax-Managed Capital Appreciation Fund Inst.
  
135
  
VTCIX
  
921943601
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Tax-Managed Growth & Income Fund Inst.
  
136
  
VTMIX
  
921943700
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Tax-Managed International Fund Inst.
  
137
  
VTMNX
  
921943882
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million










Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 VVIF ST Investment Grade
  
144
  
NA
  
921925863
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Bond
  


 VVIF Small Company Growth
  
161
  
NA
  
921925889
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 NY Tax-Exempt Money Market
  
163
  
VYFXX
  
92204H202
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Money Market
  


 MA Tax-Exempt Fund
  
168
  
VMATX
  
92204X108
  
NA
  
M
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Russell 1000 Value Index Trust
  
191
  
NA
  
92202V880
  
NA
  
*
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Stock
  
Min IP $25 Million

 Vanguard FTSE Social Index Fund
  
213
  
VFTSX
  
921910303
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Total Bond Market Index Inst.
  
222
  
VBTIX
  
921937504
  
NA
  
M
  
$
15,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5 million

 Vanguard FTSE Social Index Fund Institional
  
223
  
VFTNX
  
921910402
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Developed Markets Index Fund
  
227
  
VDMIX
  
921909701
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Institutional Developed Markets
  
234
  
VIDMX
  
921909800
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Merged into Fund 885

 European Stock Index Fund Inst.
  
235
  
VESIX
  
922042502
  
2% Out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Pacific Stock Index Fund Inst.
  
237
  
VPKIX
  
922042403
  
2% Out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Emerging Markets Stock Index Inst.
  
239
  
VEMIX
  
922042601
  
0.50% in/0.25% out
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 VVIF Total Bond Market
  
257
  
NA
  
921925202
  
NA
  
M
  
$
750,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Bond
  
No automated IP

 VVIF High Yield Bond
  
260
  
NA
  
921925806
  
NA
  
M
  
$
500,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Bond
  


 VVIF Short-Term Corp.
  
274
  
NA
  
921925863
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Bond
  


 VVIF Capital Growth
  
277
  
NA
  
921925822
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Bond
  


 VVIF Diversified Value
  
278
  
NA
  
921925871
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 VVIF Total Stock Market Index
  
287
  
NA
  
921925814
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 VVIF Mid-Cap Index
  
288
  
NA
  
921925855
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  


 Russell 1000 Growth Index
  
291
  
NA
  
92202V807
  
NA
  
*
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Stock
  
Min IP $25 Million

 Russell 1000 Index Trust
  
293
  
NA
  
92202V815
  
NA
  
*
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Stock
  
Min IP $25 Million

 Russell 2000 Value Index
  
295
  
NA
  
92202V864
  
NA
  
*
  
$
200,000
  
  

  
Stock
  
Min IP $25 Million

 Russell 2000 Growth Index
  
296
  
NA
  
92202V872
  
NA
  
*
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Stock
  
Min IP $25 Million

 Russell 3000 Index Trust
  
298
  
NA
  
92202V856
  
NA
  
*
  
$
50,000
  
  

  
Stock
  
Min IP $25 Million

 Mid-Cap Growth Fund
  
301
  
VMGRX
  
921946307
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Target Retirement Fund 2005
  
302
  
VTOVX
  
92202E201
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement Fund 2015
  
303
  
VTXVX
  
92202E300
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement Fund 2025
  
304
  
VTTVX
  
92202E409
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement Fund 2035
  
305
  
VTTHX
  
92202E508
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement Fund 2045
  
306
  
VTIVX
  
92202E607
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Large Cap Index Fund
  
307
  
VLACX
  
922908587
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Target Retirement Fund Income
  
308
  
VTINX
  
92202E102
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Intermediate-Term Bond Index Fund
  
314
  
VBIIX
  
921937306
  
NA
  
M
  
$
2,750,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 Capital Value Fund
  
328
  
VCVLX
  
922020409
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Closed to new Invest

 Institutional Total Bond Market Index
  
337
  
VITBX
  
922040506
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Closed Fund

 Retirement Savings Trust II
  
338
  
NA
  
92202V401
  
NA
  
*
  
$
1,000,000
  
  

  

  
Closed Fund

 Retirement Savings Trust III
  
340
  
NA
  
92202V500
  
NA
  
*
  
$
1,000,000
  
  

  

  


 Retirement Savings Trust IV
  
348
  
NA
  
92202V609
  
NA
  
*
  
$
1,000,000
  
  

  

  


 VVIF REIT Index
  
349
  
NA
  
921925848
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
VVIF
  
Stock
  
No automated IP

 Balanced Index Fund Admiral
  
502
  
VBIAX
  
921931200
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Balanced
  
Closed Fund

 IT Bond Index Fund Institutional
  
504
  
VBIMX
  
921937884
  
NA
  
M
  
$
2,750,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $25 million

 Value Index Fund Admiral
  
506
  
VVIAX
  
922908678
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Growth Index Fund Admiral
  
509
  
VIGAX
  
922908660
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 NJ LT Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
514
  
VNJUX
  
92204F305
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000










Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 FL LT Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
518
  
VFLRX
  
922033204
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Wellington Fund Admiral
  
521
  
VWENX
  
921935201
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $100,000

 Long-Term Bond Index Fund
  
522
  
VBLTX
  
921937405
  
NA
  
M
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Bond
  


 US Growth Fund Admiral
  
523
  
VWUAX
  
921910600
  
NA
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Morgan Growth Fund Admiral
  
526
  
VMRAX
  
921928206
  
NA
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Wellesley Income Fund Admiral
  
527
  
VWIAX
  
921938205
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $100,000

 Employee Benefit Index (EBIF)
  
528
  
NA
  
92202V302
  
NA
  
*
  
$
1,000,000
  
  

  

  


 High-Yield Corporate Fund Admiral
  
529
  
VWEAX
  
922031760
  
1% out< 1yr.
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Limited-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
531
  
VMLUX
  
922907886
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Short-Term Treasury Fund Admiral
  
532
  
VFIRX
  
922031851
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund
  
533
  
VEIEX
  
922042304
  
0.50% in/0.25% out
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Intermediate-Term Treasury Fund Admiral
  
535
  
VFIUX
  
922031828
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 GNMA Fund Admiral
  
536
  
VFIJX
  
922031794
  
NA
  
M
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Short-Term Investment Grade Fund Admiral
  
539
  
VFSUX
  
922031836
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 500 Index Fund Admiral
  
540
  
VFIAX
  
922908710
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Short-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
541
  
VWSUX
  
922907803
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Intermediate-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
542
  
VWIUX
  
922907878
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
543
  
VWLUX
  
922907860
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Growth Equity Fund
  
544
  
VGEQX
  
921921201
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 LT Bond Index Fund Institutional
  
545
  
VBLLX
  
921937876
  
NA
  
M
  
$
500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $25 million

 Small-Cap Index Fund Admiral
  
548
  
VSMAX
  
922908686
  
NA
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Short-Term Federal Fund Admiral
  
549
  
VSGDX
  
922031844
  
NA
  
M
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Energy Fund Admiral
  
551
  
VGELX
  
921908802
  
1% out< 1 yr.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Health Care Fund Admiral
  
552
  
VGHAX
  
921908885
  
1% out< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 PRIMECAP Fund Admiral
  
559
  
VPMAX
  
921936209
  
1% out< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
10,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Equity Income Fund Admiral
  
565
  
VEIRX
  
921921300
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Long-Term Investment Grade Fund Admiral
  
568
  
VWETX
  
922031778
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Total International Stock Index Admiral
  
569
  
VTIAX
  
921909818
  
2% out< 60 days.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $10,000

 Intermediate-Term Inv. Grade Fund Admiral
  
571
  
VFIDX
  
922031810
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Pacific Stock Index Fund Admiral
  
572
  
VPADX
  
922042700
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Windsor II Fund Admiral
  
573
  
VWNAX
  
922018304
  
NA
  
S
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 CA Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund - Admiral
  
575
  
VCLAX
  
922021506
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 NY Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
576
  
VNYUX
  
92204H301
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 PA Long-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
577
  
VPALX
  
92204L302
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Asset Allocation Fund Admiral
  
578
  
VAARX
  
922020300
  
NA
  
S
  
$
3,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Balanced
  
Closed Fund

 European Stock Index Fund Admiral
  
579
  
VEUSX
  
922042809
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 International Growth Fund Admiral
  
581
  
VWILX
  
921910501
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Long Term-Treasury Fund Admiral
  
583
  
VUSUX
  
922031786
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Total Bond Market Index Fund Admiral
  
584
  
VBTLX
  
921937603
  
NA
  
M
  
$
15,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Closed Fund

 Total Stock Market Index Fund Admiral
  
585
  
VTSAX
  
922908728
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Growth and Income Fund Admiral
  
593
  
VGIAX
  
921913208
  
NA
  
S
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Extended Market Index Fund Admiral
  
598
  
VEXAX
  
922908694
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Dividend Appreciation Index Fund
  
602
  
VDAIX
  
921908851
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
250,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Diversified Equity Fund
  
608
  
VDEQX
  
921939401
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Strategic Small Cap Equity Fund
  
615
  
VSTCX
  
922038609
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  











Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 High Dividend Yield Index Fund
  
623
  
VHDYX
  
921946505
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
100,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund
  
628
  
VTWSX
  
922042767
  
0.25% in, 2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Vanguard Market Neutral Fund
  
634
  
VMNFX
  
92205G104
  
1% if held < 1 year
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $250K

 Target Retirement 2010 Fund
  
681
  
VTENX
  
92202E706
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement 2020 Fund
  
682
  
VTWNX
  
92202E805
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement 2030 Fund
  
695
  
VTHRX
  
92202E888
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement 2040 Fund
  
696
  
VFORX
  
92202E870
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement 2050 Fund
  
699
  
VFIFX
  
92202E862
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 LifeStrategy Income Fund
  
723
  
VASIX
  
921909206
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 LifeStrategy Conservative Growth Fund
  
724
  
VSCGX
  
921909305
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Vanguard Market Neutral Fund Institutional
  
734
  
VMNIX
  
92205G203
  
1% if held < 1 year
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 Million

 European Stock Index Trust Fund
  
735
  
NA
  
92202V765
  
NA
  
*
  
$
100,000
  
  

  

  


 Pacific Stock Index Trust Fund
  
737
  
NA
  
92202V757
  
NA
  
*
  
$
100,000
  
  

  

  


 Vanguard Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Investors
  
738
  
VGXRX
  
922042692
  
0.25% in/out
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $3,000

 FTSE All-World ex-US Index Fund
  
770
  
VFWIX
  
922042791
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Large Cap Index Institutional
  
807
  
VLISX
  
922908561
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund Inst.
  
826
  
VTWIX
  
922042759
  
0.25% in, 2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 Million

 Vanguard Mega Cap300 Index Fund Inst
  
828
  
VMCTX
  
921910857
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 Million

 Mid-Cap Growth Index Fund
  
832
  
VMGIX
  
922908546
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Mid-Cap Value Index Fund
  
835
  
VMVIX
  
922908520
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Vanguard Mega Cap 300 Growth Index Fund Inst
  
838
  
VMGAX
  
921910782
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 Million

 Vanguard Mega Cap 300 Value Index Fund Inst
  
839
  
VMVLX
  
921910824
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 Million

 Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund Inst Plus
  
850
  
VBMPX
  
921937785
  
NA
  
M
  
$
15,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100 Million

 Institutional Index Fund Plus
  
854
  
VIIIX
  
922040209
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $200 million

 Total Stock Market Index Fund Inst.
  
855
  
VITSX
  
922908801
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Extended Market Index Fund Inst.
  
856
  
VIEIX
  
922908884
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Small-Cap Index Fund Inst.
  
857
  
VSCIX
  
922908876
  
NA
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Short-Term Corporate Fund Inst.
  
858
  
VFSIX
  
922031877
  
NA
  
M
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $50 million

 Mid-Cap Index Fund
  
859
  
VIMSX
  
922908843
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Small-Cap Value Index Fund
  
860
  
VISVX
  
922908793
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Small-Cap Growth Index Fund
  
861
  
VISGX
  
922908827
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Mid-Cap Index Fund Inst.
  
864
  
VMCIX
  
922908835
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5 million

 Small-Cap Value Index Fund Inst.
  
865
  
VSIIX
  
922908785
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Small-Cap Growth Index Fund Inst.
  
866
  
VSGIX
  
922908819
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Value Index Fund Inst.
  
867
  
VIVIX
  
922908850
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Growth Index Fund Inst.
  
868
  
VIGIX
  
922908868
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Balanced Index Fund Inst.
  
869
  
VBAIX
  
921931309
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $5 million

 Institutional Total Stock Market Index Fund Inst.
  
870
  
VITNX
  
922040308
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100 million

 Inst’l / Total Stock Market Index Fund Plus
  
871
  
VITPX
  
922040407
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $200 million

 Structured Large Cap Equity Fund Inst
  
872
  
VSLIX
  
921913307
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Structured Large Cap Equity Fund Inst Plus
  
873
  
VSLPX
  
921913406
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $200 million

 Structured Large Cap Value Fund Inst
  
874
  
VSEVX
  
921913885
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Structured Large Cap Value Fund Inst Plus
  
875
  
VSLVX
  
921913877
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $200 million

 Structured Large Cap Growth Fund Inst
  
876
  
VSTLX
  
921913505
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Structured Large Cap Growth Fund Inst Plus
  
877
  
VSGPX
  
921913604
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $200 million










Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 FTSE All-World ex-US Index Fund Inst
  
881
  
VFWSX
  
922042783
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Structured Broad Market Fund Inst
  
882
  
VSBMX
  
921913703
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Structured Broad Market Fund Inst Plus
  
883
  
VSBPX
  
921913802
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $200 million

 FTSE All-World ex-US Small-Cap Index Fund Inst
  
884
  
VFSNX
  
922042726
  
0.75% in/out
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Developed Markets Index Fund - Inst
  
885
  
VIDMX
  
921909826
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  

  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 LifeStrategy Moderate Growth Fund
  
914
  
VSMGX
  
921909404
  
NA
  
S
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Selected Value Fund
  
934
  
VASVX
  
921946109
  
1% out< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Min IP $25,000

 Inflation Protected Securities Fund Inst.
  
1190
  
VIPIX
  
922031745
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
7,500,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5 million

 PRIMECAP Core Fund
  
1220
  
VPCCX
  
921921508
  
1% out< 1 yr.
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Vanguard Ext Duration Treasury Index Fund Inst.
  
1275
  
VEDTX
  
921910881
  
0.25% in
  
Q
  
$
100,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5 Million

 Vanguard Ext Duration Treas. Index Fund Inst. Plus
  
1276
  
VEDIX
  
921910808
  
0.25% in
  
Q
  
$
100,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100 Million

 500 Index Fund Signal
  
1340
  
VIFSX
  
922908496
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Total Stock Market Index Fund Signal
  
1341
  
VTSSX
  
922908488
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Extended Market Index Fund Signal
  
1342
  
VEMSX
  
922908439
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Large-Cap Index Fund Signal
  
1343
  
VLCSX
  
922908454
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Mid-Cap Index Fund Signal
  
1344
  
VMISX
  
922908447
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Small-Cap Index Fund Signal
  
1345
  
VSISX
  
922908421
  
NA
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Value Index Fund Signal
  
1346
  
VVISX
  
922908462
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Growth Index Fund Signal
  
1347
  
VIGSX
  
922908470
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Balanced Index Fund Signal
  
1348
  
VBASX
  
921931408
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Short-Term Bond Index Fund Signal
  
1349
  
VBSSX
  
921937850
  
NA
  
M
  
$
7,500,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Intermediate-Term Bond Index Fund Signal
  
1350
  
VIBSX
  
921937843
  
NA
  
M
  
$
2,750,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Total Bond Market Index Fund Signal
  
1351
  
VBTSX
  
921937868
  
NA
  
M
  
$
15,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 European Stock Index Fund Signal
  
1352
  
VESSX
  
922042833
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Pacific Stock Index Fund Signal
  
1353
  
VPASX
  
922042825
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund Signal
  
1354
  
VERSX
  
922042817
  
0.50% in/0.25% out
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 REIT Index Fund Signal
  
1355
  
VGRSX
  
921908836
  
1% out< 1 yr.
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement Income Trust
  
1461
  
NA
  
92202V633
  
NA
  
M
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2010 Trust
  
1462
  
NA
  
92202V625
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2015 Trust 1
  
1463
  
NA
  
92202V617
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2020 Trust 1
  
1464
  
NA
  
92202V591
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2025 Trust 1
  
1465
  
NA
  
92202V583
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2030 Trust 1
  
1466
  
NA
  
92202V575
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2035 Trust 1
  
1467
  
NA
  
92202V567
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2040 Trust 1
  
1468
  
NA
  
92202V559
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2045 Trust 1
  
1469
  
NA
  
92202V542
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2050 Trust 1
  
1470
  
NA
  
92202V534
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement Income Trust II
  
1471
  
NA
  
92202V740
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2010 Trust II
  
1472
  
NA
  
92202V732
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2015 Trust II
  
1473
  
NA
  
92202V724
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2020 Trust II
  
1474
  
NA
  
92202V716
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2025 Trust II
  
1475
  
NA
  
92202V690
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2030 Trust II
  
1476
  
NA
  
92202V682
  
NA
  
A
  
$
500,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2035 Trust II
  
1477
  
NA
  
92202V674
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2040 Trust II
  
1478
  
NA
  
92202V666
  
NA
  
A
  
$
250,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**










Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 Target Retirement 2045 Trust II
  
1479
  
NA
  
92202V658
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2050 Trust II
  
1480
  
NA
  
92202V641
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2005 Trust I
  
1481
  
NA
  
92202V518
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2005 Trust II
  
1482
  
NA
  
92202V526
  
NA
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2055
  
1487
  
VFFVX
  
92202E847
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  


 Target Retirement 2055 Trust 1
  
1488
  
NA
  
92202V484
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Target Retirement 2055 Trust II
  
1489
  
NA
  
92202V476
  
NA
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  

  
Balanced
  
Amendment**

 Vanguard Managed Payout Growth Focus Fund
  
1497
  
VPGFX
  
92205M101
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $25,000

 Vanguard Managed Payout Growth and Dist Fund
  
1498
  
VPGDX
  
92205M200
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $25,000

 Vanguard Managed Payout Distribution Focus Fund
  
1499
  
VPDFX
  
92205M309
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Investor
  
Balanced
  
Min IP $25,000

 Short-Term Government Bond Index Fund Inst.
  
1642
  
VSBIX
  
92206C201
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Intermed-Term Government Bond Index Fund Inst.
  
1643
  
VIIGX
  
92206C805
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Long-Term Government Bond Index Fund Inst
  
1644
  
VLGIX
  
92206C839
  
NA
  
M
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Short-Term Corporate Bond Index Inst.
  
1645
  
VSTBX
  
92206C508
  
0.25% in
  
M
  
$
100,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond Index Inst.
  
1646
  
VICBX
  
92206C862
  
0.50% in
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Long-Term Corporate Bond Index Inst.
  
1647
  
VLCIX
  
92206C797
  
1.00% in
  
M
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Mortgage-Backed Securities Index Fund Inst.
  
1648
  
VMBIX
  
92206C763
  
NA
  
M
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Bond
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 FTSE All-World ex-US Small-Cap Index Fund
  
1684
  
VFSVX
  
922042734
  
0.75% in/out
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Investor
  
Stock
  


 Vanguard Global ex-US Real Estate
  
1758
  
VGRLX
  
922042668
  
0.25% in/out
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  
Amendment**

 Total International Stock Index Signal
  
1769
  
VTSGX
  
921909792
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Signal
  
Stock
  


 Vanguard S&P 500 Value Index Fund Institutional
  
1840
  
VSPVX
  
921932802
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P 500 Growth Index Fund Institutional
  
1841
  
VSPGX
  
921932604
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P Mid-Cap 400 Index Fund Inst
  
1842
  
VSPMX
  
921932877
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P Mid-Cap 400 Growth Indx Fund Instit
  
1843
  
VNCGX
  
921932851
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P Mid-Cap 400 Value Index Fund Instit
  
1844
  
VMFVX
  
921932836
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P Small-Cap 600 Index Institutional
  
1845
  
VSMSX
  
921932810
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P Small-Cap 600 Value Institutional
  
1846
  
VSMVX
  
921932760
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard S&P Small-Cap 600 Growth Institutional
  
1847
  
VSGNX
  
921932786
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 1000 Index Fund Institutional
  
1848
  
VRNIX
  
92206C722
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 1000 Value Index Fund Instit
  
1849
  
VRVIX
  
92206C698
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 1000 Growth Index Institutional
  
1850
  
VRGWX
  
92206C672
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 2000 Index Fund Institutional
  
1851
  
VRTIX
  
92206C656
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 2000 Value Index Fund Instit
  
1852
  
VRTVX
  
92206C631
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 2000 Growth Index Institutional
  
1853
  
VRTGX
  
92206C615
  
NA
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Russell 3000 Index Fund Institutional
  
1854
  
VRTTX
  
92206C581
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
50,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Global ex-U.S. Real Estate Institutional
  
1858
  
VGRNX
  
922042684
  
0.25% in/out
  
A
  
$
25,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Vanguard Mid Cap Index Institutional Plus
  
1859
  
VMCPX
  
922908389
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Vanguard Extended Markets Index Fund Institutional
  
1860
  
VEMPX
  
922908371
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Vanguard Small Cap Index Fund Institutional Plus Shares
  
1861
  
VSCPX
  
922908397
  
NA
  
A
  
$
2,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Vanguard Developed Markets Index Institutional Plus
  
1862
  
VDMPX
  
921909750
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Vanguard European Stock Index Fund Institutional Plus
  
1863
  
VEUPX
  
922042627
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Vanguard Pacific Stock Index Fund Institutional Plus
  
1864
  
VPAPX
  
922042643
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund Instit Plus
  
1865
  
VEMRX
  
922042650
  
0.50% in/0.25%out
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000










Vanguard Large Transaction List
  
Attachment A
  
Effective 12/21/2010        
 
























 FUND NAME
  
 FUND
  
 QUOTRON
  
 CUSIP
  
 FEES
  
 DIST
  
LARGENOTIFY
 
  
SHARECLASS
  
 INV TYPE
  
 INFO

 Vanguard FTSE All-World ex-US Index Fund Institutional Plus
  
1866
  
VFWPX
  
922042635
  
2% out< 2 mos.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Total International Stock Index Institutional
  
1869
  
VTSNX
  
921909784
  
2% out< 60 days
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5,000,000

 Total International Stock Index Institutional Plus
  
1870
  
VTPSX
  
921909776
  
2% out< 60 days
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000,000

 Short-Term Government Bond Index Fund
  
1942
  
VSBSX
  
92206C300
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Intermediate-Term Government Bond Index Fund
  
1943
  
VSIGX
  
92206C888
  
NA
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Long-Term Government Bond Index Fund
  
1944
  
VLGSX
  
92206C821
  
NA
  
M
  
$
25,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Short-Term Corporate Bond Index
  
1945
  
VSCSX
  
92206C607
  
0.25% in
  
M
  
$
100,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Intermediate-Term Corporate Bond Index
  
1946
  
VICSX
  
92206C854
  
0.50% in
  
M
  
$
50,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Long-Term Corporate Bond Index Signal
  
1947
  
VLTCX
  
92206C789
  
1.00% in
  
M
  
$
25,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 Mortgage-Backed Securities Index Fund Signal
  
1948
  
VMBSX
  
92206C755
  
NA
  
M
  
$
25,000
  
  
Signal
  
Bond
  
Amendment**

 REIT Index Fund Institutional
  
3123
  
VGSNX
  
921908869
  
1% out< 1 yr.
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Institutional
  
Stock
  
Min IP $5 million

 Windsor Fund Admiral
  
5022
  
VWNEX
  
922018403
  
NA
  
S
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Explorer Fund Admiral
  
5024
  
VEXRX
  
921926200
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 High-Yield Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
5044
  
VWALX
  
922907845
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 CA Intermediate-Term Tax-Exempt Fund Admiral
  
5100
  
VCADX
  
922021407
  
NA
  
M
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 Tax-Managed Growth and Income Fund Admiral
  
5101
  
VTGLX
  
921943874
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Tax-Managed Capital Appreciation Fund Admiral
  
5102
  
VTCLX
  
921943866
  
1%< 5yrs.
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Capital Opportunity Fund Admiral
  
5111
  
VHCAX
  
922038500
  
1% out< 1 yrs.
  
A
  
$
5,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Inflation Protected Securities Fund Admiral
  
5119
  
VAIPX
  
922031737
  
NA
  
A
  
$
7,500,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Min IP $100,000

 REIT Index Fund Admiral
  
5123
  
VGSLX
  
921908877
  
1% out< 1yr.
  
Q
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Short-Term Bond Index Fund Admiral
  
5132
  
VBIRX
  
921937702
  
NA
  
M
  
$
7,500,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Closed Fund

 Large Cap Index Fund Admiral
  
5307
  
VLCAX
  
922908579
  
NA
  
Q
  
$
500,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Intermediate-Term Bond Index Fund Admiral
  
5314
  
VBILX
  
921937801
  
NA
  
M
  
$
2,750,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Bond
  
Closed Fund

 Energy Index Fund Admiral
  
5480
  
VENAX
  
92204A843
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
200,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Materials Index Fund Admiral
  
5481
  
VMIAX
  
92204A785
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Industrial Index Fund Admiral
  
5482
  
VINAX
  
92204A819
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Consumer Discretionary Index Fund Admiral
  
5483
  
VCDAX
  
92204A868
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
50,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Consumer Staples Index Fund Admiral
  
5484
  
VCSAX
  
92204A850
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Health Care Index Fund Admiral
  
5485
  
VHCIX
  
92204A827
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
200,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Financials Index Fund Admiral
  
5486
  
VFAIX
  
92204A835
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
200,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Information Technology Index Admiral
  
5487
  
VITAX
  
92204A793
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Telecommunications Index Fund Admiral
  
5488
  
VTCAX
  
92204A777
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Utilities Index Fund Admiral
  
5489
  
VUIAX
  
92204A769
  
2% out< 1yr.
  
A
  
$
100,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Min IP $100,000

 Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund Admiral
  
5533
  
VEMAX
  
922042841
  
0.50% in/0.25%out
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund

 Mid-Cap Index Fund Admiral
  
5859
  
VIMAX
  
922908645
  
NA
  
A
  
$
1,000,000
  
  
Admiral
  
Stock
  
Closed Fund PLEASE NOTE: 
 


 
•
 
 IP = Initial Purchase 


 
•
 
 Dividend Codes: A = Annually, S = Semi-annually, Q = Quarterly, M = Monthly 


**
May require an amendment or additional paperwork. 

R-->Dates Referenced Herein
This ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date    Other FilingsEffective on:5/1/11None on these DatesFiled on:4/22/1110/20/067/5/05 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-11-105928   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 23:31:00.2 GMT 
