 


George F. Tidmarsh | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




George F. TidmarshCEO, La Jolla PharmaceuticalLocationPalo Alto, CaliforniaIndustryPharmaceuticalsCurrentLa Jolla Pharmaceutical Company, Citizen's Oncology Foundation, Stanford University School of MedicinePreviousStanford University School of Medicine, Solana Therapeutics, Inc., BioMedical Drug DevelopmentEducationStanford Medical School500+ connectionsView George F.’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View George F.’s Full ProfileGeorge F.’s ActivityProud to know people who capture the beauty in the world...George F. likedExperienceChief Executive OfficerLa Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyJanuary 2012  –  Present (5 years 7 months)Developing novel therapies to help patients who suffer from life-threatening illnesses.Founder/CEOCitizen's Oncology FoundationJuly 2011  –  Present (6 years 1 month)Setting up alliances to help solve the drug shortage.Consulting Professor of Pediatrics and NeonatologyStanford University School of MedicineAugust 2013  –  Present (4 years)Working with other faculty members to bring promising technology from the lab to the clinic.Consulting Associate Professor, Pediatrics/NeonatologyStanford University School of MedicineMarch 2010  –  August 2013 (3 years 6 months)Help other faculty members move promising technology from the lab to the clinic.CEO of Solana Therapeutics, Inc.Solana Therapeutics, Inc.June 2011  –  January 2012 (8 months)We sold the technology in Solana to LJPC where I was appointed CEO.OwnerBioMedical Drug DevelopmentSeptember 2008  –  December 2011 (3 years 4 months)We assist companies in the development of new medical therapies, devices and treatments. We also offer expert medical evaluations for a variety of medical conditions requiring a second opinion.Founder/CEO/Director/ConsultantHorizon Pharma (NasdaqGM: HZNP)September 2005  –  July 2011 (5 years 11 months)Horizon was started to fill the void in safer pain medications created when Vioxx was withdrawn from the market.  In 4 years, the company moved from an inspiration to clinical trials leading to FDA approval as well as numerous granted patents covering Duexis.  This was aided by $56M in venturing funding.CSOSpectrum Pharmaceuticals2010  –  2011 (1 year)Founder/CEOMetronome TherapeuticsFebruary 2007  –  June 2010 (3 years 5 months)We developed low-dose metronomic therapies for cancer treatment.  Metronome was sold to Spectrum Pharmaceutics in July, 2010 where I subsequently served as CSO.Founder/PresidentThreshold Pharmaceuticals (NasdaqCM: THLD)September 2001  –  April 2006 (4 years 8 months)Threshold was started to develop novel therapies to help patients suffering from cancer by exploiting the low oxygen (hypoxic) environment in tumors.Clinical FacultyStanford University Medical CenterJuly 1994  –  February 2003 (8 years 8 months)Clinical appointment in both Neonatology where I attended in the NICU at El Camino Hospital and Pediatric Oncology, where I attended for the Oncology service at Packard Hospital.ConsultantThInc1998  –  2001 (3 years)SkillsClinical ResearchMedical DevicesMedicineTreatmentTherapistsBiotechnologyLifesciencesClinical DevelopmentOncologyClinical TrialsDrug DiscoveryTechnology TransferMolecular BiologyPharmaceutical IndustryDrug DevelopmentSee 7+ImmunologyBiochemistryStart-upsInfectious DiseasesBiopharmaceuticalsCancerFDASee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationStanford Medical SchoolFellowship, Pediatric Hematology/OncologyFellowship, Pediatric Hematology/Oncology1992  –  1994Stanford Medical SchoolFellowship, NeonatologyFellowship, Neonatology1991  –  1994Stanford Medical SchoolResident in PediatricsResident in Pediatrics1988  –  1991Stanford Medical SchoolMD/PhD, Cancer BiologyMD/PhD, Cancer Biology1982  –  1988Stanford UniversityBS, MicrobiologyBS, Microbiology1979  –  1982University of Colorado at BoulderMolecular, Cellular, Developmental BiologyMolecular, Cellular, Developmental Biology1978  –  1979Hinsdale Central High School1974  –  1978Volunteer Experience & CausesCauses George F. cares about:ChildrenDisaster and Humanitarian ReliefEducationHealthHuman RightsPoverty AlleviationScience and TechnologyPatentsStable compositions of famotidine and ibuprofenUnited States Covers DuexisInventors: George F. TidmarshAnti-cancer therapiesUnited States 8,318,683Inventors: George F. TidmarshMethods and medicaments for administration of ibuprofenUnited States 8,067,451Covers DuexisInventors: George F. TidmarshGroupsPMI San DiegoStanford University School of Medicine AlumniSociety of Physician Entrepreneurs (SoPE)View George F.’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact George F. directlyView George F.’s Full ProfileNot the George F. you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedJohn LancasterDirector, Pharmaceutical OperationsLakhmir 'Mink' ChawlaChief Medical Officer at La Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyBrian J. ByrnesDirector at La Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyJennifer CarverChief Operating Officer at La Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyDavid ConwayKathleen WalkerSenior Director, CMC & New Technologies at La Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyMatthew RitterBrad GoodwinFounder and Chief Executive Officer at CharlestonPharma, LLCTimothy RuaneChief Executive Officer at InSite Vision, Inc.Doranne FranoVice President Regulatory Affairs Quality Assurance at La Jolla Pharmaceutical CompanyPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different George F. TidmarshFirst NameLast NameExample:  George F. TidmarshGeorge F TidmarshCEO at BDD Inc.United StatesMore professionals named George F. TidmarshLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















 












George F. Tidmarsh, La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company President & CEO - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















George F. Tidmarsh
President & CEO, La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for George F. Tidmarsh at La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company. George F. Tidmarsh works as President & CEO , acting in a Executive Management role .  La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/16/2017:


WIPO PUBLISHES PATENT OF LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL FOR "METHODS FOR ADMINISTERING ANGIOTENSIN II" (AMERICAN INVENTORS)

"
Applicants: LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY (US).
Inventors: George Tidmarsh (US) and Lakhmir Chawla (US).
According to the abstract* posted by the World Intellectual Property Organization: "The present disclosure relates to the use of angiotensin II, angiotensin III, or angiotensin IV in therapeutic methods for the treatment of hypotension, especially catecholamine-resistant hypotension......

People In This Article:
George F. Tidmarsh
,                                            Lakhmir S. Chawla
 

06/24/2017:


Australia Patent: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Files Application for 'Methods for treating hypotension'

Australia, June 24 -- La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co., California, U.S., has filed an application (2015287955) on July 8, 2015, for 'Methods for treating hypotension.'
Inventor(s): George Tidmarsh and Lakhmir Chawla
Application Status: Filed
The original document can be viewed at: http://pericles.ipaustralia.gov.au/ols/auspat/applicationDetails.do?applicationNo=2015287955
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com.....

People In This Article:
George F. Tidmarsh
,                                            Lakhmir S. Chawla
 






Learn more about George F. Tidmarsh  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about George F. Tidmarsh and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved

































La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company |   Management

























































 

 


 






Management
George F. Tidmarsh, MD, PhD | President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary
Dr. Tidmarsh has been President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and a Director of La Jolla since January 2012. Dr. Tidmarsh has over 25 years of experience in biotechnology, including the successful clinical development of three FDA-approved drugs. Prior to joining La Jolla, he served as the Chief Executive Officer of Horizon Pharma, Inc., a company he founded in 2005. While at Horizon, he led all aspects of development of Duexis, which was approved by the FDA for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. He also founded Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and held senior positions at Coulter Pharmaceutical, Inc. (acquired by GlaxoSmithKline) and SEQUUS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (acquired by Johnson & Johnson). While at Coulter and SEQUUS, Dr. Tidmarsh led the clinical development of BEXXAR and Doxil, respectively, two FDA-approved anti-cancer agents. Dr. Tidmarsh received his M.D. and Ph.D. from Stanford University, where he also completed fellowship training in Pediatric Oncology and Neonatology and remains a Consulting Professor of Pediatrics and Neonatology.

Lakhmir S. Chawla, MD | Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Chawla joined La Jolla as Chief Medical Officer, effective July 1, 2015. Previously, Dr. Chawla was a Professor of Medicine at the George Washington University, where he had dual appointments in the Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine and in the Department of Medicine, Division of Renal Diseases and Hypertension. Dr. Chawla was also the Chief of the Division of Intensive Care Medicine at the Washington D.C. Veterans Affairs Medical Center. During his tenure at George Washington, Dr. Chawla was the designer and lead investigator of a pilot study called the ATHOS (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High Output Shock) trial. Data from the ATHOS trial was published in the medical journal Critical Care during 2014 and demonstrated the utility of angiotensin II in patients with severe shock. These data were also used in support of the initiation of La Jolla’s ATHOS 3 trial, a Phase 3 clinical trial of LJPC-501, La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II, for the treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension, which was initiated in March 2015. Dr. Chawla is an internationally renowned expert in the field of acute kidney injury (AKI) and was an active investigator in the fields of inflammation and AKI, AKI biomarkers, AKI risk prediction, chronic kidney disease caused by AKI and AKI therapeutics. In addition, Dr. Chawla was an active investigator in shock, inflammation and extracorporeal therapies, including: continuous renal replacement therapy, dialysis and albumin dialysis. Dr. Chawla is also the author of over 100 peer-reviewed publications and was previously an Associate Editor for the Clinical Journal of the American Society of Nephrology.

Dennis M. Mulroy | Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Mulroy has been the Chief Financial Officer of La Jolla since April 2015. Prior to joining La Jolla, Mr. Mulroy served as Chief Financial Officer of Taxus Cardium Pharmaceuticals Group Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company, since 2005. Prior to joining Taxus Cardium, Mr. Mulroy served as Chief Financial Officer of Molecular Imaging, Inc. and SeraCare Life Sciences, Inc., and held financial management positions of increasing responsibility at several other companies. Mr. Mulroy began his career as a Certified Public Accountant with Ernst & Young LLP in San Diego and holds a degree in Business Administration, with an emphasis in Accounting, from the University of San Diego.

Jennifer A. Carver, MBA | Chief Operating Officer
Ms. Carver has over 20 years of experience in the healthcare industry with leadership experience in pharmaceutical drug development from early development through commercialization. Ms. Carver joined La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company in February 2014 and as head of operations is responsible for business development, clinical operations, regulatory affairs, pharmaceutical operations, legal operations, project management, information technology, and quality.  Prior to joining La Jolla, Ms. Carver held positions at Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Allos Therapeutics, Inc. She has successfully led teams from early development to market approval including NDA submissions, ODAC preparation and conduct, and commercial launch planning. Ms. Carver has played a critical role in managing key alliances and partnerships from early negotiation through business integration. Ms. Carver earned her B.S.N. and M.B.A. from the University of Colorado.

James M. Rolke | Chief Scientific Officer
Mr. Rolke has been the Chief Scientifc Officer at La Jolla since January 2017. Prior to that Mr. Rolke served as Vice President of Research & Development and Senior Director of Research & Development at La Jolla since January 2012.  Mr. Rolke has over 25 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Prior to joining La Jolla, Mr. Rolke held several key positions at biotechnology companies, including Chief Technology Officer at Pluromed, Inc. (acquired by Sanofi), Director of Operations at Prospect Therapeutics, Inc., Associate Director of Pharmaceutical Development at Mersana Therapeutics, Inc., Manager of Process Development at GlycoGenesys, Inc., Principal Scientist at Surgical Sealants, Inc., Scientist at GelTex, Inc., and Associate Scientist at Alpha-Beta Technology, Inc. Mr. Rolke received his B.S. in chemistry from Keene State College.

 





 

















Scroll to top












George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary at La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company


View Full Profile
Are you George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D. through your network of contacts.
												








George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, 
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company


Past
To view George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Ph.D., 
															Stanford University


														 M.D., 
															Stanford University


														 B.S., 
															Stanford University


Age
56

 
 


George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s Biography



George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D. has served as President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and a director of the Company since January 2012. Dr. Tidmarsh has more than 25 years of experience creating, building and leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and developing innovative pharmaceutical products. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Tidmarsh was the Chief Executive Officer of Solana Therapeutics, Inc. from August 2011 to January 2012. In 2006, he founded Metronome Therapeutics, Inc., where he served as its Chief Executive Officer until its acquisition by Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2010. In 2005, Dr. Tidmarsh founded Hor ...
(Read More)

			George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D. has served as President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and a director of the Company since January 2012. Dr. Tidmarsh has more than 25 years of experience creating, building and leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and developing innovative pharmaceutical products. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Tidmarsh was the Chief Executive Officer of Solana Therapeutics, Inc. from August 2011 to January 2012. In 2006, he founded Metronome Therapeutics, Inc., where he served as its Chief Executive Officer until its acquisition by Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2010. In 2005, Dr. Tidmarsh founded Horizon Pharma, Inc., where he served as its President and Chief Executive Officer until 2008 and as a director and consultant until 2011. In 2001, he founded Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he served as its President until 2005. Earlier in his career, Dr. Tidmarsh led the development of Doxil� (doxorubicin hydrochloride liposomal injection) while serving as Director of Oncology at Liposome Technology, Inc. Doxil has become a standard-of-care treatment for patients suffering from ovarian cancer. He serves as a director of the Citizens Oncology Foundation, a non-profit organization. Dr. Tidmarsh received his M.D. and Ph.D. from Stanford University, where he completed fellowship training in Pediatric Oncology and Neonatology and remains a Consulting Professor of Pediatrics and Neonatology. The Board has concluded that Dr. Tidmarsh should serve on our Board based on his extensive experience creating, building and leading biotechnology companies.
		
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.


















George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s Connections (43)





Sign up now to view George F. Tidmarsh M.D. Ph.D.'s 43 connections »









Michael F. Powell
Former Board Member, Ocera Therapeutics, Inc.









Luigi Lenaz
Lead Director, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Rajesh C. Shrotriya
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Michael S. Ostrach
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer, Dynavax Technologies Corporation









Alan B. Colowick
Former Chief Medical Officer, Threshold Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Kevin C. Tang
Chairman of the Board, Heron Therapeutics, Inc.









Stuart M. Krassner
Former Board Member, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Harold E. Selick
Board Member, Protagonist Therapeutics









Patrick G. Enright
Former Board Member, Corcept Therapeutics









Robert H. Rosen
Dir., President and Chief Commercial Officer, Heron Therapeutics, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Tidmarsh, George F MD 10182 Telesis Ct San Diego, CA  - MapQuest







































































































    Tidmarsh, George F MD
  

10182 Telesis Ct

San Diego
CA
92121




 Reviews



(650) 208-3191

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
































 






La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company |   La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at 17th Annual BIO CEO & Investor Conference


























































 

 


 






BlogYou are here: Home / Blog / News / La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at 17th Annual...



 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at 17th Annual BIO CEO & Investor Conference			 February 4, 2015/in News /by SAN DIEGO, CA – February 4, 2015 – La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer, will provide a corporate overview at the 17th Annual BIO CEO & Investor Conference taking place February 9-10 in New York City.
 
17th Annual BIO CEO & Investor Conference Presentation Details
 
Date:               Monday, February 9, 2015
Time:               5:30 pm Eastern Time
Location:         Louis XVI Room @ The Waldorf Astoria New York
Webcast:         LJPC Webcast Link
 
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
 
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has four product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension and hepatorenal syndrome. GCS-100 is La Jolla’s first-in-class galectin-3 inhibitor for the potential treatment of chronic kidney disease. LJPC-1010, La Jolla’s second-generation galectin-3 inhibitor, is a more potent and purified derivative of GCS-100 that can be delivered orally for the potential treatment of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and other diseases characterized by tissue fibrosis. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of iron overload. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
 
Company Contact
 
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Phone: (858) 207-4264
Email: gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
 
and
 
Chester S. Zygmont, III
Senior Director of Finance
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Phone: (858) 207-4262
Email: czygmont@ljpc.com















    La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company and the George Washington University Announce...      La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Special Protocol Assessment for Planned...  













Scroll to top







La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company |   Blog
















































 

 


 






BlogYou are here: Home / Blog



 Results of ATHOS‑3 Phase 3 Study of LJPC-501 Published in  The New England Journal of Medicine			 May 21, 2017/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–May 21, 2017– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (La Jolla) today announced that results of the ATHOS-3 (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-OutputShock) Phase 3 study of LJPC-501 (angiotensin II) have been published online by The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM). The article, entitled “Angiotensin II for the Treatment of Vasodilatory Shock,” also will be published in the May 25, 2017 print issue of NEJM.
“There is a major need for new treatment options for critically ill patients who do not adequately respond to available vasopressors,” stated Rinaldo Bellomo, M.D., Professor of Intensive Care Medicine atUniversity of Melbourne and Director of Intensive Care Research at Austin Health. “In ATHOS-3, angiotensin II was shown to raise blood pressure with no increase in overall adverse events as compared to placebo in this highly treatment-resistant patient population. The effect of angiotensin II resulted in reduced use of other vasopressors. If approved, angiotensin II, in combination with other vasopressors, may allow clinicians to leverage all three major physiologic systems that regulate blood pressure.”
The analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint of ATHOS-3, defined as the percentage of patients achieving a mean arterial pressure (MAP) ≥ 75 mmHg or a 10 mmHg increase from baseline MAP at 3 hours following the initiation of study treatment without an increase in standard-of-care vasopressors, was statistically significant: 23.4% of the 158 placebo-treated patients achieved the pre-specified blood pressure response, compared to 69.9% of the 163 angiotensin II-treated patients (p<0.001). In addition, a trend toward longer survival was observed for angiotensin II-treated patients (22% reduction in mortality risk through day 28; hazard ratio=0.78 [CI: 0.57, 1.07; p=0.12]). In this critically ill patient population, 91.8% of placebo-treated patients experienced at least one adverse event, compared to 87.1% of angiotensin II-treated patients, and 21.5% of placebo-treated patients discontinued treatment due to an adverse event, compared to 14.1% of angiotensin II-treated patients.
The NEJM article can be found here and its Supplementary Appendix can be found here.
About the ATHOS-3 Study
The ATHOS-3 study was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical study of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH), which is a severe form of vasodilatory shock. A total of 344 patients were randomized across nine countries, 321 of whom received study treatment and are included in the primary analysis. Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive either LJPC-501 or placebo on a background of standard-of-care vasopressors selected by the investigators. Randomized patients received their assigned treatment via continuous intravenous infusion.
The primary efficacy endpoint was the percentage of patients achieving a mean arterial pressure (MAP) ≥ 75 mmHg or a 10 mmHg increase from baseline MAP at 3 hours following the initiation of study treatment without an increase in standard-of-care vasopressors. The study was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) agreed to with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2015. The SPA stipulates that a study of this size and design could provide sufficient safety and efficacy data and an adequate evaluation of the risk/benefit to the patients to support FDA review and consideration for marketing approval. La Jolla reported positive top-line results in February 2017.
About LJPC-501
LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II. Angiotensin II, the major bioactive component of the renin-angiotensin system, serves as one of the body’s central regulators of blood pressure. LJPC-501 is being developed for the treatment of patients with CRH. LJPC-501 is the first synthetic human angiotensin II product candidate to be tested in a Phase 3 study.
About Catecholamine Resistant Hypotension
Catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH) is a life-threatening syndrome in patients with vasodilatory (also known as distributive) shock (dangerously low blood pressure with adequate cardiac function) who cannot achieve target mean arterial pressure (MAP) despite adequate fluid resuscitation and treatment with currently available vasopressors (catecholamines and/or vasopressin). There are approximately 500,000 distributive shock cases in the United States per year, an estimated 200,000 of which develop CRH. More than 50% of CRH patients die within 30 days.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions or statements of current expectations and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, that may cause actual results to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. The company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing of the planned NDA submission for LJPC-501 and prospects for approval of LJPC-501 by the FDA and the other regulatory authorities; risks relating to the scope of product labels (if approved) and potential market sizes, as well as the broader commercial opportunity; the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; and the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the company’s product candidates may be developed. The company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the outcome of the consequent events.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170521005063/en/
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick, 858-256-7910
Associate Director, Investor Relations & Human Resources
svedrick@ljpc.com
and
Dennis M. Mulroy, 858-433-6839
Chief Financial Officer
dmulroy@ljpc.com
or
Media
LifeSci Public Relations
Matt Middleman, M.D., 646-627-8384
matt.middleman@lifescipublicrelations.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Positive Top-Line Results from ATHOS-3 Phase 3 Study of LJPC-501			 February 27, 2017/in News /by Dan Zapata




— Primary efficacy endpoint analysis highly statistically significant (p<0.00001)
— Trend toward longer survival observed
— New Drug Application planned for second half of 2017
— Company to host conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. EST on Monday, Feb. 27, 2017
SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Feb. 27, 2017– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (La Jolla), today announced positive top-line results from the ATHOS-3 (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-Output Shock) Phase 3 study of LJPC-501 (angiotensin II) in patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH).
The analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint, defined as the percentage of patients achieving a pre-specified target blood pressure response, was highly statistically significant: 23% of the 158 placebo-treated patients had a blood pressure response compared to 70% of the 163 LJPC-501-treated patients (p<0.00001). In addition, a trend toward longer survival was observed: 22% reduction in mortality risk through day 28 [hazard ratio=0.78 (0.57-1.07), p=0.12] for LJPC-501-treated patients.
Throughout the study, safety outcomes were followed by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB). The DSMB recommended that the study continue as originally planned. In this critically ill patient population: 92% of placebo-treated patients compared to 87% of LJPC-501-treated patients experienced at least one adverse event, and 22% of placebo-treated patients compared to 14% of LJPC-501-treated patients discontinued treatment due to an adverse event. In collaboration with the investigators, La Jolla plans to present and publish detailed results from the ATHOS-3 study later this year.
ATHOS-3 was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), in which the company and FDA agreed on the study design, study endpoints and study analyses.
“These study results support that angiotensin II, a molecule first synthesized by Dr. Irvine Page at the Cleveland Clinic, improves outcomes in distributive shock patients requiring high-dose catecholamines. Given the high mortality from this condition, it is important to offer physicians another potential treatment option,” said Daniel Sessler, M.D., the Michael Cudahy Professor and Chair of the Department of Outcomes Research at Cleveland Clinic.
“We are grateful to the patients, their families and the dedicated medical teams who contributed to this successful study,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of La Jolla. “We also are very appreciative of the FDA’s advice and contributions in the development of LJPC-501 and look forward to meeting with the FDA to discuss our NDA submission planned for the second half of this year.”
Conference Call at 8:30 a.m. EST on Monday, February 27, 2017
La Jolla will host a conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. EST (5:30 a.m. PST) on Monday, February 27, 2017. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 877-359-9508 for domestic callers and 224-357-2393 for international callers. Please provide the operator with the passcode 78311826 to join the conference call or click here for the webcast. A slide presentation accompanying today’s press release and the conference call may also be found on La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com under the investor relations section. An archive of the conference call and webcast will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the call.
About the ATHOS-3 Study
The ATHOS-3 study (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28215131) was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical study of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension. A total of 344 patients were randomized across nine countries, 321 of whom received study treatment and are included in the primary analysis. Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive either LJPC-501 or placebo on a background of standard-of-care vasopressors selected by the investigators. Randomized patients received their assigned treatment via continuous intravenous infusion.
The primary efficacy endpoint was the percentage of patients with a mean arterial pressure (MAP) ≥ 75 mmHg or a 10 mmHg increase from baseline MAP at 3 hours following the initiation of study treatment without an increase in standard-of-care vasopressors. The study was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) agreed to with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2015. The SPA stipulates that a study of this size and design could provide sufficient safety and efficacy signals and an adequate evaluation of the risk/benefit to the patients to support FDA review and consideration for marketing approval.
About LJPC-501
LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II. Angiotensin II, the major bioactive component of the renin-angiotensin system, serves as one of the body’s central regulators of blood pressure. LJPC-501 is being developed for the treatment of patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH). LJPC-501 is the first synthetic human angiotensin II product candidate to be tested in a Phase 3 study.
About Catecholamine Resistant Hypotension
Catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH) is a life-threatening syndrome in patients with distributive shock (dangerously low blood pressure with adequate cardiac function) who cannot achieve target mean arterial pressure (MAP) despite adequate fluid resuscitation and treatment with currently available vasopressors (catecholamines and/or vasopressin). There are approximately 500,000 distributive shock cases in the United States per year, an estimated 200,000 of which develop CRH. More than 50% of CRH patients die within 30 days.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions or statements of current expectations and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, that may cause actual results to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. The company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing of the NDA submission for LJPC-501 and prospects for approval of the NDA; risks that the full data set from the ATHOS-3 study will not be consistent with the top-line results of the study; risks relating to the scope of product labels (if approved) and potential market sizes, as well as the broader commercial opportunity; the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the company’s reports filed with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170227005464/en/
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Company Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick
Associate Director, Investor Relations & Human Resources
858-256-7910
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
or
Media Contact
LifeSci Public Relations
Matt Middleman, M.D.
646-627-8384
matt.middleman@lifescipublicrelations.com




 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Corporate Progress			 February 24, 2017/in News /by Dan ZapataFeb. 23, 2017– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results and highlighted 2016 corporate progress.
2016 Corporate Progress

In the fourth quarter of 2016, La Jolla’s ATHOS (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-Output Shock) 3 Phase 3 trial completed patient enrollment. ATHOS 3 is La Jolla’s 344-patient, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trial of LJPC-501, the Company’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II, in catecholamine-resistant hypotension (CRH). Top-line results are expected in the first quarter of 2017.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) designated LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin, as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of sickle cell disease (SCD).
In the third quarter of 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401 in patients at risk for iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), thalassemia, and SCD. LJPC-401 was well tolerated, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities observed. Furthermore, a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron was observed.
In the third quarter of 2016, La Jolla reached agreement with the EMA on the design of a pivotal trial of LJPC-401. The pivotal trial will be a randomized, controlled, multicenter trial in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this pivotal trial in mid-2017.

“2016 was a productive year for La Jolla, highlighted by the completion of enrollment of our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 and encouraging results from our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We look forward to an exciting 2017, with the expected reporting of top-line results from our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in the first quarter of 2017 and the initiation of our pivotal trial for LJPC-401 in mid-2017.”
Results of Operations
As of December 31, 2016, La Jolla had $65.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $126.5 million as of December 31, 2015. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 was $18.6 million and $58.7 million, respectively, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $8.5 million and $25.2 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. La Jolla’s net loss for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 was $24.9 million and $78.2 million, or $1.44 per share and $4.54 per share, respectively, compared to a net loss of $11.8 million and $41.9 million, or $0.69 per share and $2.68 per share, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. During the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, La Jolla recognized contract revenue of approximately $0.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively, compared to contract revenue of $0.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The net loss for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 includes non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $3.6 million and $14.5 million, respectively, compared to non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $2.7 million and $13.1 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in 2016 as compared to 2015 were primarily due to increased development costs associated with LJPC-501 and LJPC-401.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s website www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, the anticipated timing for the Company’s filing of new drug applications or similar filings for regulatory approval, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of current and future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
4th Quarter Financials
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick, 858-256-7910
Associate Director, Investor Relations & Human Resources
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy, 858-433-6839
Chief Financial Officer
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Financial Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and Recent Corporate Progress			 November 3, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and recent corporate progress.
Recent Corporate Progress
In September 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin, in patients at risk for iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease (SCD) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). Fifteen patients were dosed at escalating dose levels ranging from 1 to 20 mg. LJPC-401 was well tolerated, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities observed. A dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron was observed (p=0.008 for dose response; not adjusted for multiple comparisons). At the 20 mg dose level, LJPC-401 reduced serum iron by an average of 58.1% from baseline to hour 8 (p=0.001; not adjusted for potential regression to the mean effect), and serum iron had not returned to baseline through day 7 (21.2% reduction from baseline to the end of day 7).
In September 2016, La Jolla reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal trial of LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin. The pivotal trial will be a randomized, controlled, multicenter trial in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this pivotal trial in mid-2017.
In October 2016, the EMA Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) issued a positive opinion recommending LJPC-401, synthetic human hepcidin, for designation as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of SCD.
“The first nine months of 2016 have been productive for La Jolla, highlighted by continued enrollment of our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 and encouraging results from our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401, which demonstrated a clear dose-dependent effect of LJPC-401 on serum iron, a clinically important measure,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We look forward to building on this positive momentum, with the anticipation of reporting results from our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in the first quarter of 2017 and initiation of our pivotal trial for LJPC-401 in mid-2017.”
Results of Operations
As of September 30, 2016, La Jolla had $85.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $126.5 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to net cash used for operating activities. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $40.1 million, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $16.7 million for the same period in 2015. La Jolla’s net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $21.3 million and $53.3 million, or $1.23 per share and $3.10 per share, respectively, compared to a net loss of $10.5 million and $30.1 million, or $0.70 per share and $1.99 per share, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, La Jolla recognized contract revenue of approximately $44,000 and $531,000, respectively. The net loss includes non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $3.9 million and $11.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $3.1 million and $10.3 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015.
The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in the 2016 periods as compared to the 2015 periods were primarily due to increased development costs associated with our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine-resistant hypotension and our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401 in patients with iron overload.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
3rd Quarter Financials
 
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
(858) 207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
and
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
(858) 433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Receives Positive Opinion from European Orphan Committee for LJPC-401			 October 24, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) issued a positive opinion recommending LJPC-401 (synthetic human hepcidin) for designation as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of Sickle Cell Disease (SCD).
SCD is the most common inherited blood disorder in the United States and is caused by a genetic mutation that results in the production of abnormal hemoglobin, the body’s natural oxygen-carrying molecule contained in red blood cells. The abnormal hemoglobin causes the red blood cells to form a “sickle,” or crescent, shape, which may cause occlusion of blood vessels. Patients with severe forms suffer from sometimes life-threatening chronic hemolytic anemia, strokes, and damage to vital organs such as the lungs, spleen, kidney and liver. In patients with chronic hemolytic anemia, hepcidin levels may also be suppressed, which may lead to iron overload. Standard treatment of SCD includes frequent, life-long blood transfusions. While lifesaving, these transfusions cause excess iron accumulation, which in turn is toxic to vital organs, such as the liver and heart. The only currently approved treatments for iron overload are iron chelators, which may cause kidney failure, liver failure or gastrointestinal hemorrhage. In addition to potentially improving iron overload in these patients, LJPC-401 holds the potential to improve the consequences of the disease by reducing the red cell hemoglobin concentration leading to less sickle cell formation.
LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin, a naturally occurring peptide hormone that is the body’s regulator of iron absorption and distribution. Hepcidin prevents abnormal iron accumulation in organs, such as the liver and heart, where it can cause significant damage and even result in death. La Jolla is developing LJPC-401 for the potential treatment of iron overload, which occurs as a result of diseases such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, SCD and myelodysplastic syndrome. In September 2015, the COMP designated LJPC-401 as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of beta thalassemia intermedia and major.
“We are encouraged by the positive feedback and continued support of the European regulatory authorities,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of La Jolla. “Following our recently reported, positive results from our Phase 1 study of LJPC-401, which demonstrated a clear, dose-dependent effect of LJPC-401 on serum iron, and our reaching of an agreement with the EMA on study design, we look forward to initiating our pivotal study of LJPC-401 in mid-2017.”
About European Orphan Drug Designation
Orphan drug designation is a status assigned to a medicine intended for use in rare diseases. To be granted orphan status in the European Union (EU), the medicine must be for the treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition that affects no more than five in 10,000 people in the EU and for which no satisfactory treatments exist or, where they do exist, the medicine will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition.
Applications for orphan designation are evaluated by the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP), which provides its opinion on whether or not the medicine qualifies as an orphan medicine for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a rare disease. If the COMP issues a positive opinion, the European Commission (EC) may then grant the medicine orphan status.
An orphan designation allows a pharmaceutical company to benefit from incentives from the EU to develop a medicine for a rare disease, such as reduced fees, regulatory support during the product development phase, access to the centralized authorization procedure (a single application for all EU countries), and 10 years of market exclusivity once the medicine is approved.
About LJPC-401
LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin. Hepcidin, an endogenous peptide hormone, is the body’s naturally occurring regulator of iron absorption and distribution. In healthy individuals, hepcidin prevents excessive iron accumulation in vital organs, such as the liver and heart, where it can cause significant damage and even result in death.
La Jolla is developing LJPC-401 for the potential treatment of iron overload, which occurs as a result of diseases such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease (SCD) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). HH is a disease characterized by a genetic deficiency in hepcidin. HH is the most common genetic disease in Caucasians and causes liver cirrhosis, liver cancer, heart disease and/or failure, diabetes, arthritis and joint pain. Beta thalassemia, SCD and MDS are genetic diseases of the blood that can cause life-threatening anemia and usually require frequent and life-long blood transfusions. These blood transfusions cause excessive iron accumulation in the body, which is toxic to vital organs, such as the liver and heart. In addition, the underlying anemia causes excessive iron accumulation independent of blood transfusions.
In September 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a Phase 1 study of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload suffering from HH, thalassemia and SCD. Single, escalating doses of LJPC-401 were associated with a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron. LJPC-401 was well tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities. Injection-site reactions were the most commonly reported adverse event. These were all mild or moderate in severity, self-limiting, and fully resolved.
Also in September 2016, La Jolla announced that it has reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal study of LJPC-401. The pivotal study will be a randomized, controlled, multi-center study in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this study in mid-2017.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward-Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005420/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick
Senior Manager, Investor Relations & Human Resources
858-256-7910
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Reports Positive Results from Phase 1 Study of LJPC-401			 September 7, 2016/in Frontpage Article /by Dan ZapataLa Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Reports Positive Results from Phase 1 Study of LJPC-401
-Dose-dependent, Statistically Significant Reduction in Serum Iron Observed (p=0.008)
-LJPC-401 Well Tolerated; No Dose-Limiting Toxicities at Any Dose Level
-Conference Call at 9:00 AM Eastern Time on Thursday, September 8, 2016
SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported positive results from its Phase 1 study of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload.
The Phase 1 study is a multi-center, open-label, dose-escalation study evaluating the safety, tolerability, and effect on serum iron of a single dose of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), thalassemia, and sickle cell disease (SCD). Fifteen patients were dosed at escalating dose levels ranging from 1 mg to 20 mg.
LJPC-401 was well tolerated, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities observed. Injection-site reactions were the most commonly reported adverse event. These were all mild or moderate in severity, self-limiting, and fully resolved. There were no significant changes in serum chemistries or hematology other than serum iron parameters.
A dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron was observed (p=0.008 for dose response; not adjusted for multiple comparisons). At the 20 mg dose level, LJPC-401 reduced serum iron by an average of 58.1% from baseline to hour 8 (p=0.001; not adjusted for potential regression to the mean effect), and serum iron had not returned to baseline through day 7 (21.2% reduction from baseline to the end of day 7).





 




Dose Group


Mean Percent Change in Serum Iron
from Baseline to Hour 8




1 mg (n=3)


-14.2% (p=0.149)




5 mg (n=3)


-26.7% (p=0.304)




10 mg (n=3)


-45.5% (p=0.054)




20 mg (n=6)


-58.1% (p=0.001)




P-values not adjusted for potential regression to the mean effect




 




“The results from this study demonstrate a clear, dose-dependent effect of LJPC-401 on serum iron, a clinically important measure,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of La Jolla. “We look forward to continuing the development of LJPC-401, which we believe can potentially help patients suffering from the effects of iron overload by restoring physiologically relevant levels of hepcidin, the body’s natural regulator of iron absorption and distribution.”
Conference Call at 9:00 AM Eastern Time on Thursday, September 8, 2016
La Jolla will host a conference call and webcast on Thursday, September 8, 2016 at 9:00 AM Eastern Time (6:00 AM Pacific Time). The conference call can be accessed by dialing 877-359-9508 for domestic callers and 224-357-2393 for international callers. Please provide the operator with the passcode 77161203 to join the conference call or click here for the webcast. A slide presentation accompanying today’s press release and the conference call may also be found on La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com under the investor relations section. An archive of the conference call and webcast will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the call.
About LJPC-401
LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic hepcidin. Hepcidin, an endogenous peptide hormone, is the body’s naturally occurring regulator of iron absorption and distribution. In healthy individuals, hepcidin prevents excessive iron accumulation in vital organs, such as the liver and heart, where it can cause significant damage and even result in death.
La Jolla is developing LJPC-401 for the potential treatment of iron overload, which occurs as a result of diseases such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease (SCD) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). HH is a disease characterized by a genetic deficiency in hepcidin. HH is the most common genetic disease in Caucasians and causes liver cirrhosis, liver cancer, heart disease and/or failure, diabetes, arthritis and joint pain. Beta thalassemia, SCD and MDS are genetic diseases of the blood that can cause life-threatening anemia and usually require frequent and life-long blood transfusions. These blood transfusions cause excessive iron accumulation in the body, which is toxic to vital organs, such as the liver and heart. In addition, the underlying anemia causes excessive iron accumulation independent of blood transfusions.
In September 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a Phase 1 study of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload suffering from HH, thalassemia and SCD. Single, escalating doses of LJPC-401 were associated with a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron. LJPC-401 was well tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities. Injection-site reactions were the most commonly reported adverse event. These were all mild or moderate in severity, self-limiting, and fully resolved.
Also in September 2016, La Jolla announced that it has reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal study of LJPC-401. The pivotal study will be a randomized, controlled, multi-center study in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this study in mid-2017.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160907006780/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick
Senior Manager, Investor Relations & Human Resources
Phone: (858) 256-7910
Email: svedrick@ljpc.com
and
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
Phone: (858) 433-6839
Email: dmulroy@ljpc.com
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Agreement with European Medicines Agency on Pivotal Study of LJPC-401			 September 7, 2016/in Frontpage Article /by Dan ZapataLa Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Agreement with European Medicines Agency on Pivotal Study of LJPC-401
-Conference Call at 9:00 AM Eastern Time on Thursday, September 8, 2016
SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that it has reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal study of LJPC-401, La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic hepcidin. The pivotal study will be a randomized, controlled, multi-center study in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this pivotal study in mid-2017.
“We very much appreciate the EMA’s support of advancing LJPC-401’s development for this major unmet need,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of La Jolla. “The EMA’s insights have been invaluable as we sought to design a pivotal study that would best evaluate LJPC-401’s potential to help beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload. Based on our recently announced Phase 1 results, and the fact that hepcidin is the body’s natural regulator of iron absorption and distribution, we remain confident that LJPC-401 can help restore normal or near-normal levels of iron in patients suffering from iron overload and its devastating consequences.”
Conference Call at 9:00 AM Eastern Time on Thursday, September 8, 2016
La Jolla will host a conference call and webcast on Thursday, September 8, 2016 at 9:00 AM Eastern Time (6:00 AM Pacific Time). The conference call can be accessed by dialing 877-359-9508 for domestic callers and 224-357-2393 for international callers. Please provide the operator with the passcode 77161203 to join the conference call or click here for the webcast. A slide presentation accompanying today’s press release and the conference call may also be found on La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com under the investor relations section. An archive of the conference call and webcast will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the call.
About LJPC-401
LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic hepcidin. Hepcidin, an endogenous peptide hormone, is the body’s naturally occurring regulator of iron absorption and distribution. In healthy individuals, hepcidin prevents excessive iron accumulation in vital organs, such as the liver and heart, where it can cause significant damage and even result in death.
La Jolla is developing LJPC-401 for the potential treatment of iron overload, which occurs as a result of diseases such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease (SCD) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). HH is a disease characterized by a genetic deficiency in hepcidin. HH is the most common genetic disease in Caucasians and causes liver cirrhosis, liver cancer, heart disease and/or failure, diabetes, arthritis and joint pain. Beta thalassemia, SCD and MDS are genetic diseases of the blood that can cause life-threatening anemia and usually require frequent and life-long blood transfusions. These blood transfusions cause excessive iron accumulation in the body, which is toxic to vital organs, such as the liver and heart. In addition, the underlying anemia causes excessive iron accumulation independent of blood transfusions.
In September 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a Phase 1 study of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload suffering from HH, thalassemia and SCD. Single, escalating doses of LJPC-401 were associated with a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron. LJPC-401 was well tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities. Injection-site reactions were the most commonly reported adverse event. These were all mild or moderate in severity, self-limiting, and fully resolved.
Also in September 2016, La Jolla announced that it has reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal study of LJPC-401. The pivotal study will be a randomized, controlled, multi-center study in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this study in mid-2017.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward-Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160907006755/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick
Senior Manager, Investor Relations & Human Resources
858-256-7910
svedrick@ljpc.com
and
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Financial Results for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2016			 August 8, 2016/in Frontpage Article /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016.
Results of Operations
As of June 30, 2016, La Jolla had $100.6 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $126.5 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to net cash used for operating activities. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the six months ended June 30, 2016 was $25.1 million, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $11.2 million for the same period in 2015. La Jolla’s net loss for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016 was $15.6 million and $32.0 million, or $0.90 per share and $1.86 per share, respectively, compared to a net loss of $10.7 million and $19.6 million, or $0.70 per share and $1.29 per share, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. During the three and six months ended June 30, 2016, La Jolla recognized contract revenue of approximately $0.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively. The net loss includes non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $3.3 million and $7.0 for the three and six months ended June 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $3.9 million and $7.3 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015.
The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in the 2016 periods as compared to the 2015 periods were primarily due to increased development costs associated with our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine-resistant hypotension and our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401 in patients with iron overload. There also were increases in personnel and facility costs associated with the support of these increased development activities.
“The first half of 2016 was a productive period for La Jolla, highlighted by the continued enrollment of our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 and encouraging interim data from our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “Catecholamine-resistant hypotension and iron overload remain significant unmet medical needs, and we remain dedicated to bringing our potentially important therapies to patients as expeditiously as possible. We plan to report results from our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401 in September 2016 and from our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in the first quarter of 2017.”
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
 
2nd Quarter Financials
 
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
858-207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at the Jefferies 2016 Global Healthcare Conference			 June 6, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of La Jolla, will provide a corporate overview at the Jefferies 2016 Global Healthcare Conference taking place June 7–10 in New York City.
Jefferies 2016 Global Healthcare Conference Presentation Details
Date: Tuesday, June 7, 2016
Time: 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time
Location: Ballroom 5 @ Grand Hyatt Hotel New York
Webcast:  LJPC Webcast Link
A live webcast of the presentation will also be available in the Investor Relations section of La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com. A replay of the presentation will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the event.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160606005584/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick, 858-256-7910
Senior Manager Investor Relations & Human Resources
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy, 858-433-6839
Chief Financial Officer
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces First Quarter 2016 Financial Results and Recent Corporate Progress			 May 6, 2016/in Frontpage Article /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported first quarter 2016 financial results and highlighted recent corporate progress.
Recent Corporate Progress
La Jolla’s ATHOS (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-Output Shock) 3 trial continued to enroll as planned through the first quarter of 2016. The ATHOS 3 trial is La Jolla’s multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trial of LJPC-501, the Company’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II, in catecholamine-resistant hypotension (CRH), which was initiated in 2015. The Company initiated the ATHOS 3 trial after reaching an agreement with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA), in which the agreed-upon primary efficacy endpoint in ATHOS 3 is an increase in blood pressure. Results of ATHOS 3 are expected by the end of 2016.
La Jolla reported interim results in January 2016 of its multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation Phase 1 clinical trial of LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of hepcidin, in patients at risk for iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. These results suggested a dose-dependent reduction in serum iron following a single dose of LJPC-401. Complete results from this Phase 1 clinical trial, which was initiated in October 2015, are expected in the second half of 2016.
“The first quarter was a productive start to 2016 for La Jolla, highlighted by the continued enrollment of our ATHOS 3 trial and encouraging interim data from our Phase 1 clinical trial of LJPC-401,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We look forward to continuing the advancement of each of our exciting programs during the rest of 2016, culminating with the results from the ATHOS 3 trial that are expected by the end of the year.”
Results of Operations
As of March 31, 2016, La Jolla had $113.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $126.5 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to net cash used for operating activities. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $13.0 million, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $5.5 million for the same period in 2015. La Jolla’s net loss for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $16.5 million, or $0.96 per share, compared to a net loss of $9.0 million, or $0.59 per share, for the same period in 2015. During the three months ended March 31, 2016, La Jolla recognized contract revenue of approximately $0.2 million, which was pursuant to a services agreement initiated in 2015 under which La Jolla provides research and development services to a related party. The net loss includes non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $3.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016, compared to $3.4 million for the same period in 2015.
The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in 2016 as compared to 2015 were primarily due to increased development costs associated with the ATHOS 3 trial and the costs associated with the initiation of the Phase 1 clinical trial of LJPC-401 in iron overload. In addition, there were increases in personnel and related costs, which were mainly due to the hiring of additional personnel and increased facility costs to support the increased development activities.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
 
First Quarter 2016 Financial Results
 



View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160506005209/en/



Contacts



La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
858-207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com






 
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company






























Scroll to top







La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company |   News










































 

 


 






Archive for category: NewsYou are here: Home / Blog / News



 Results of ATHOS‑3 Phase 3 Study of LJPC-501 Published in  The New England Journal of Medicine			 May 21, 2017/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–May 21, 2017– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (La Jolla) today announced that results of the ATHOS-3 (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-OutputShock) Phase 3 study of LJPC-501 (angiotensin II) have been published online by The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM). The article, entitled “Angiotensin II for the Treatment of Vasodilatory Shock,” also will be published in the May 25, 2017 print issue of NEJM.
“There is a major need for new treatment options for critically ill patients who do not adequately respond to available vasopressors,” stated Rinaldo Bellomo, M.D., Professor of Intensive Care Medicine atUniversity of Melbourne and Director of Intensive Care Research at Austin Health. “In ATHOS-3, angiotensin II was shown to raise blood pressure with no increase in overall adverse events as compared to placebo in this highly treatment-resistant patient population. The effect of angiotensin II resulted in reduced use of other vasopressors. If approved, angiotensin II, in combination with other vasopressors, may allow clinicians to leverage all three major physiologic systems that regulate blood pressure.”
The analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint of ATHOS-3, defined as the percentage of patients achieving a mean arterial pressure (MAP) ≥ 75 mmHg or a 10 mmHg increase from baseline MAP at 3 hours following the initiation of study treatment without an increase in standard-of-care vasopressors, was statistically significant: 23.4% of the 158 placebo-treated patients achieved the pre-specified blood pressure response, compared to 69.9% of the 163 angiotensin II-treated patients (p<0.001). In addition, a trend toward longer survival was observed for angiotensin II-treated patients (22% reduction in mortality risk through day 28; hazard ratio=0.78 [CI: 0.57, 1.07; p=0.12]). In this critically ill patient population, 91.8% of placebo-treated patients experienced at least one adverse event, compared to 87.1% of angiotensin II-treated patients, and 21.5% of placebo-treated patients discontinued treatment due to an adverse event, compared to 14.1% of angiotensin II-treated patients.
The NEJM article can be found here and its Supplementary Appendix can be found here.
About the ATHOS-3 Study
The ATHOS-3 study was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical study of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH), which is a severe form of vasodilatory shock. A total of 344 patients were randomized across nine countries, 321 of whom received study treatment and are included in the primary analysis. Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive either LJPC-501 or placebo on a background of standard-of-care vasopressors selected by the investigators. Randomized patients received their assigned treatment via continuous intravenous infusion.
The primary efficacy endpoint was the percentage of patients achieving a mean arterial pressure (MAP) ≥ 75 mmHg or a 10 mmHg increase from baseline MAP at 3 hours following the initiation of study treatment without an increase in standard-of-care vasopressors. The study was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) agreed to with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2015. The SPA stipulates that a study of this size and design could provide sufficient safety and efficacy data and an adequate evaluation of the risk/benefit to the patients to support FDA review and consideration for marketing approval. La Jolla reported positive top-line results in February 2017.
About LJPC-501
LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II. Angiotensin II, the major bioactive component of the renin-angiotensin system, serves as one of the body’s central regulators of blood pressure. LJPC-501 is being developed for the treatment of patients with CRH. LJPC-501 is the first synthetic human angiotensin II product candidate to be tested in a Phase 3 study.
About Catecholamine Resistant Hypotension
Catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH) is a life-threatening syndrome in patients with vasodilatory (also known as distributive) shock (dangerously low blood pressure with adequate cardiac function) who cannot achieve target mean arterial pressure (MAP) despite adequate fluid resuscitation and treatment with currently available vasopressors (catecholamines and/or vasopressin). There are approximately 500,000 distributive shock cases in the United States per year, an estimated 200,000 of which develop CRH. More than 50% of CRH patients die within 30 days.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions or statements of current expectations and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, that may cause actual results to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. The company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing of the planned NDA submission for LJPC-501 and prospects for approval of LJPC-501 by the FDA and the other regulatory authorities; risks relating to the scope of product labels (if approved) and potential market sizes, as well as the broader commercial opportunity; the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; and the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the company’s product candidates may be developed. The company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements to reflect the outcome of the consequent events.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170521005063/en/
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick, 858-256-7910
Associate Director, Investor Relations & Human Resources
svedrick@ljpc.com
and
Dennis M. Mulroy, 858-433-6839
Chief Financial Officer
dmulroy@ljpc.com
or
Media
LifeSci Public Relations
Matt Middleman, M.D., 646-627-8384
matt.middleman@lifescipublicrelations.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Positive Top-Line Results from ATHOS-3 Phase 3 Study of LJPC-501			 February 27, 2017/in News /by Dan Zapata




— Primary efficacy endpoint analysis highly statistically significant (p<0.00001)
— Trend toward longer survival observed
— New Drug Application planned for second half of 2017
— Company to host conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. EST on Monday, Feb. 27, 2017
SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Feb. 27, 2017– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (La Jolla), today announced positive top-line results from the ATHOS-3 (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-Output Shock) Phase 3 study of LJPC-501 (angiotensin II) in patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH).
The analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint, defined as the percentage of patients achieving a pre-specified target blood pressure response, was highly statistically significant: 23% of the 158 placebo-treated patients had a blood pressure response compared to 70% of the 163 LJPC-501-treated patients (p<0.00001). In addition, a trend toward longer survival was observed: 22% reduction in mortality risk through day 28 [hazard ratio=0.78 (0.57-1.07), p=0.12] for LJPC-501-treated patients.
Throughout the study, safety outcomes were followed by an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB). The DSMB recommended that the study continue as originally planned. In this critically ill patient population: 92% of placebo-treated patients compared to 87% of LJPC-501-treated patients experienced at least one adverse event, and 22% of placebo-treated patients compared to 14% of LJPC-501-treated patients discontinued treatment due to an adverse event. In collaboration with the investigators, La Jolla plans to present and publish detailed results from the ATHOS-3 study later this year.
ATHOS-3 was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), in which the company and FDA agreed on the study design, study endpoints and study analyses.
“These study results support that angiotensin II, a molecule first synthesized by Dr. Irvine Page at the Cleveland Clinic, improves outcomes in distributive shock patients requiring high-dose catecholamines. Given the high mortality from this condition, it is important to offer physicians another potential treatment option,” said Daniel Sessler, M.D., the Michael Cudahy Professor and Chair of the Department of Outcomes Research at Cleveland Clinic.
“We are grateful to the patients, their families and the dedicated medical teams who contributed to this successful study,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., president and chief executive officer of La Jolla. “We also are very appreciative of the FDA’s advice and contributions in the development of LJPC-501 and look forward to meeting with the FDA to discuss our NDA submission planned for the second half of this year.”
Conference Call at 8:30 a.m. EST on Monday, February 27, 2017
La Jolla will host a conference call and webcast at 8:30 a.m. EST (5:30 a.m. PST) on Monday, February 27, 2017. The conference call can be accessed by dialing 877-359-9508 for domestic callers and 224-357-2393 for international callers. Please provide the operator with the passcode 78311826 to join the conference call or click here for the webcast. A slide presentation accompanying today’s press release and the conference call may also be found on La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com under the investor relations section. An archive of the conference call and webcast will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the call.
About the ATHOS-3 Study
The ATHOS-3 study (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28215131) was a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical study of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension. A total of 344 patients were randomized across nine countries, 321 of whom received study treatment and are included in the primary analysis. Patients were randomized 1:1 to receive either LJPC-501 or placebo on a background of standard-of-care vasopressors selected by the investigators. Randomized patients received their assigned treatment via continuous intravenous infusion.
The primary efficacy endpoint was the percentage of patients with a mean arterial pressure (MAP) ≥ 75 mmHg or a 10 mmHg increase from baseline MAP at 3 hours following the initiation of study treatment without an increase in standard-of-care vasopressors. The study was conducted under a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) agreed to with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2015. The SPA stipulates that a study of this size and design could provide sufficient safety and efficacy signals and an adequate evaluation of the risk/benefit to the patients to support FDA review and consideration for marketing approval.
About LJPC-501
LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II. Angiotensin II, the major bioactive component of the renin-angiotensin system, serves as one of the body’s central regulators of blood pressure. LJPC-501 is being developed for the treatment of patients with catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH). LJPC-501 is the first synthetic human angiotensin II product candidate to be tested in a Phase 3 study.
About Catecholamine Resistant Hypotension
Catecholamine resistant hypotension (CRH) is a life-threatening syndrome in patients with distributive shock (dangerously low blood pressure with adequate cardiac function) who cannot achieve target mean arterial pressure (MAP) despite adequate fluid resuscitation and treatment with currently available vasopressors (catecholamines and/or vasopressin). There are approximately 500,000 distributive shock cases in the United States per year, an estimated 200,000 of which develop CRH. More than 50% of CRH patients die within 30 days.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions or statements of current expectations and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, that may cause actual results to be materially different from those anticipated by the forward-looking statements. The company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing of the NDA submission for LJPC-501 and prospects for approval of the NDA; risks that the full data set from the ATHOS-3 study will not be consistent with the top-line results of the study; risks relating to the scope of product labels (if approved) and potential market sizes, as well as the broader commercial opportunity; the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the company’s reports filed with the SEC. The company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170227005464/en/
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Company Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick
Associate Director, Investor Relations & Human Resources
858-256-7910
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
or
Media Contact
LifeSci Public Relations
Matt Middleman, M.D.
646-627-8384
matt.middleman@lifescipublicrelations.com




 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results and Corporate Progress			 February 24, 2017/in News /by Dan ZapataFeb. 23, 2017– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported fourth quarter and full year 2016 financial results and highlighted 2016 corporate progress.
2016 Corporate Progress

In the fourth quarter of 2016, La Jolla’s ATHOS (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-Output Shock) 3 Phase 3 trial completed patient enrollment. ATHOS 3 is La Jolla’s 344-patient, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trial of LJPC-501, the Company’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II, in catecholamine-resistant hypotension (CRH). Top-line results are expected in the first quarter of 2017.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) designated LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin, as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of sickle cell disease (SCD).
In the third quarter of 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401 in patients at risk for iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), thalassemia, and SCD. LJPC-401 was well tolerated, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities observed. Furthermore, a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron was observed.
In the third quarter of 2016, La Jolla reached agreement with the EMA on the design of a pivotal trial of LJPC-401. The pivotal trial will be a randomized, controlled, multicenter trial in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this pivotal trial in mid-2017.

“2016 was a productive year for La Jolla, highlighted by the completion of enrollment of our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 and encouraging results from our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We look forward to an exciting 2017, with the expected reporting of top-line results from our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in the first quarter of 2017 and the initiation of our pivotal trial for LJPC-401 in mid-2017.”
Results of Operations
As of December 31, 2016, La Jolla had $65.7 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $126.5 million as of December 31, 2015. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 was $18.6 million and $58.7 million, respectively, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $8.5 million and $25.2 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. La Jolla’s net loss for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 was $24.9 million and $78.2 million, or $1.44 per share and $4.54 per share, respectively, compared to a net loss of $11.8 million and $41.9 million, or $0.69 per share and $2.68 per share, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. During the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, La Jolla recognized contract revenue of approximately $0.1 million and $0.6 million, respectively, compared to contract revenue of $0.4 million and $1.1 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The net loss for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016 includes non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $3.6 million and $14.5 million, respectively, compared to non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $2.7 million and $13.1 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in 2016 as compared to 2015 were primarily due to increased development costs associated with LJPC-501 and LJPC-401.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s website www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, the anticipated timing for the Company’s filing of new drug applications or similar filings for regulatory approval, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of current and future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
4th Quarter Financials
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick, 858-256-7910
Associate Director, Investor Relations & Human Resources
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy, 858-433-6839
Chief Financial Officer
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Financial Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and Recent Corporate Progress			 November 3, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and recent corporate progress.
Recent Corporate Progress
In September 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a multicenter, open-label, dose-escalation Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin, in patients at risk for iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease (SCD) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). Fifteen patients were dosed at escalating dose levels ranging from 1 to 20 mg. LJPC-401 was well tolerated, and there were no dose-limiting toxicities observed. A dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron was observed (p=0.008 for dose response; not adjusted for multiple comparisons). At the 20 mg dose level, LJPC-401 reduced serum iron by an average of 58.1% from baseline to hour 8 (p=0.001; not adjusted for potential regression to the mean effect), and serum iron had not returned to baseline through day 7 (21.2% reduction from baseline to the end of day 7).
In September 2016, La Jolla reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal trial of LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin. The pivotal trial will be a randomized, controlled, multicenter trial in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this pivotal trial in mid-2017.
In October 2016, the EMA Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) issued a positive opinion recommending LJPC-401, synthetic human hepcidin, for designation as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of SCD.
“The first nine months of 2016 have been productive for La Jolla, highlighted by continued enrollment of our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 and encouraging results from our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401, which demonstrated a clear dose-dependent effect of LJPC-401 on serum iron, a clinically important measure,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We look forward to building on this positive momentum, with the anticipation of reporting results from our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in the first quarter of 2017 and initiation of our pivotal trial for LJPC-401 in mid-2017.”
Results of Operations
As of September 30, 2016, La Jolla had $85.0 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $126.5 million as of December 31, 2015. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to net cash used for operating activities. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $40.1 million, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $16.7 million for the same period in 2015. La Jolla’s net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $21.3 million and $53.3 million, or $1.23 per share and $3.10 per share, respectively, compared to a net loss of $10.5 million and $30.1 million, or $0.70 per share and $1.99 per share, respectively, for the same periods in 2015. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, La Jolla recognized contract revenue of approximately $44,000 and $531,000, respectively. The net loss includes non-cash, share-based compensation expense of $3.9 million and $11.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $3.1 million and $10.3 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2015.
The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in the 2016 periods as compared to the 2015 periods were primarily due to increased development costs associated with our ATHOS 3 Phase 3 trial of LJPC-501 in patients with catecholamine-resistant hypotension and our Phase 1 trial of LJPC-401 in patients with iron overload.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
3rd Quarter Financials
 
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
(858) 207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
and
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
(858) 433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Receives Positive Opinion from European Orphan Committee for LJPC-401			 October 24, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP) issued a positive opinion recommending LJPC-401 (synthetic human hepcidin) for designation as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of Sickle Cell Disease (SCD).
SCD is the most common inherited blood disorder in the United States and is caused by a genetic mutation that results in the production of abnormal hemoglobin, the body’s natural oxygen-carrying molecule contained in red blood cells. The abnormal hemoglobin causes the red blood cells to form a “sickle,” or crescent, shape, which may cause occlusion of blood vessels. Patients with severe forms suffer from sometimes life-threatening chronic hemolytic anemia, strokes, and damage to vital organs such as the lungs, spleen, kidney and liver. In patients with chronic hemolytic anemia, hepcidin levels may also be suppressed, which may lead to iron overload. Standard treatment of SCD includes frequent, life-long blood transfusions. While lifesaving, these transfusions cause excess iron accumulation, which in turn is toxic to vital organs, such as the liver and heart. The only currently approved treatments for iron overload are iron chelators, which may cause kidney failure, liver failure or gastrointestinal hemorrhage. In addition to potentially improving iron overload in these patients, LJPC-401 holds the potential to improve the consequences of the disease by reducing the red cell hemoglobin concentration leading to less sickle cell formation.
LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin, a naturally occurring peptide hormone that is the body’s regulator of iron absorption and distribution. Hepcidin prevents abnormal iron accumulation in organs, such as the liver and heart, where it can cause significant damage and even result in death. La Jolla is developing LJPC-401 for the potential treatment of iron overload, which occurs as a result of diseases such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, SCD and myelodysplastic syndrome. In September 2015, the COMP designated LJPC-401 as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of beta thalassemia intermedia and major.
“We are encouraged by the positive feedback and continued support of the European regulatory authorities,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of La Jolla. “Following our recently reported, positive results from our Phase 1 study of LJPC-401, which demonstrated a clear, dose-dependent effect of LJPC-401 on serum iron, and our reaching of an agreement with the EMA on study design, we look forward to initiating our pivotal study of LJPC-401 in mid-2017.”
About European Orphan Drug Designation
Orphan drug designation is a status assigned to a medicine intended for use in rare diseases. To be granted orphan status in the European Union (EU), the medicine must be for the treatment of a life-threatening or chronically debilitating condition that affects no more than five in 10,000 people in the EU and for which no satisfactory treatments exist or, where they do exist, the medicine will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition.
Applications for orphan designation are evaluated by the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP), which provides its opinion on whether or not the medicine qualifies as an orphan medicine for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a rare disease. If the COMP issues a positive opinion, the European Commission (EC) may then grant the medicine orphan status.
An orphan designation allows a pharmaceutical company to benefit from incentives from the EU to develop a medicine for a rare disease, such as reduced fees, regulatory support during the product development phase, access to the centralized authorization procedure (a single application for all EU countries), and 10 years of market exclusivity once the medicine is approved.
About LJPC-401
LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin. Hepcidin, an endogenous peptide hormone, is the body’s naturally occurring regulator of iron absorption and distribution. In healthy individuals, hepcidin prevents excessive iron accumulation in vital organs, such as the liver and heart, where it can cause significant damage and even result in death.
La Jolla is developing LJPC-401 for the potential treatment of iron overload, which occurs as a result of diseases such as hereditary hemochromatosis (HH), beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease (SCD) and myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). HH is a disease characterized by a genetic deficiency in hepcidin. HH is the most common genetic disease in Caucasians and causes liver cirrhosis, liver cancer, heart disease and/or failure, diabetes, arthritis and joint pain. Beta thalassemia, SCD and MDS are genetic diseases of the blood that can cause life-threatening anemia and usually require frequent and life-long blood transfusions. These blood transfusions cause excessive iron accumulation in the body, which is toxic to vital organs, such as the liver and heart. In addition, the underlying anemia causes excessive iron accumulation independent of blood transfusions.
In September 2016, La Jolla reported positive results from a Phase 1 study of LJPC-401 in patients at risk of iron overload suffering from HH, thalassemia and SCD. Single, escalating doses of LJPC-401 were associated with a dose-dependent, statistically significant reduction in serum iron. LJPC-401 was well tolerated with no dose-limiting toxicities. Injection-site reactions were the most commonly reported adverse event. These were all mild or moderate in severity, self-limiting, and fully resolved.
Also in September 2016, La Jolla announced that it has reached agreement with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) on the design of a pivotal study of LJPC-401. The pivotal study will be a randomized, controlled, multi-center study in beta thalassemia patients suffering from iron overload, a major unmet need in an orphan patient population. The primary endpoint will be a clinically relevant measurement directly related to iron overload. La Jolla plans to initiate this study in mid-2017.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of synthetic human hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward-Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities; potential indications for which the Company’s product candidates may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005420/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick
Senior Manager, Investor Relations & Human Resources
858-256-7910
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at the Jefferies 2016 Global Healthcare Conference			 June 6, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer of La Jolla, will provide a corporate overview at the Jefferies 2016 Global Healthcare Conference taking place June 7–10 in New York City.
Jefferies 2016 Global Healthcare Conference Presentation Details
Date: Tuesday, June 7, 2016
Time: 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time
Location: Ballroom 5 @ Grand Hyatt Hotel New York
Webcast:  LJPC Webcast Link
A live webcast of the presentation will also be available in the Investor Relations section of La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com. A replay of the presentation will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the event.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30S is our next-generation gentamicin derivative program that is focused on therapeutics for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections as well as rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160606005584/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Vedrick, 858-256-7910
Senior Manager Investor Relations & Human Resources
svedrick@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy, 858-433-6839
Chief Financial Officer
dmulroy@ljpc.com
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at the Cowen and Company 36th Annual Health Care Conference			 March 3, 2016/in News /by Dan Zapata


SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that the Company will provide a corporate overview at the Cowen and Company 36th Annual Health Care Conference taking place March 7–9 in Boston.
Cowen and Company 36th Annual Health Care Conference Details



Date:

Tuesday, March 8, 2016


Time:

11:20 a.m. Eastern Time


Location:

Salon B, 4th Floor @ The Boston Marriott Copley Place Hotel


Webcast:


LJPC Webcast Link




A live webcast of the presentation will also be available in the Investor Relations section of La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com. A replay of the presentation will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the event.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia, sickle cell disease and myelodysplastic syndrome. LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb are La Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivatives for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections and rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160303005266/en/



Contacts



La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
Sandra Rowe
Senior Manager Investor Relations & Human Resources
(858) 256-7910
srowe@ljpc.com
and
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
(858) 433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com






 
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company to Provide Corporate Overview at the 2016 BIO CEO & Investor Conference			 January 29, 2016/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced that the Company will provide a corporate overview at the 2016 BIO CEO & Investor Conference taking place February 8–9 in New York City.
2016 BIO CEO & Investor Conference Presentation Details
Date:	 	 	 	Monday, February 8, 2016
Time:				3:30 p.m. Eastern Time
Location:				Conrad Room @ Waldorf Astoria Hotel New York
Webcast:
LJPC Webcast Link
A live webcast of the presentation will also be available in the Investor Relations section of La Jolla’s website at www.ljpc.com. A replay of the presentation will be available on La Jolla’s website for 30 days following the event.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease. LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb are Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivatives for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections and rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160129005233/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
(858) 207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
(858) 433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Notice of Allowance for U.S. Patent Covering LJPC-501			 November 30, 2015/in News /by Dan ZapataNov. 30, 2015 13:00 UTC
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Notice of Allowance for U.S. Patent Covering LJPC-501
Patent Term Extends to 2034
SAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (Nasdaq: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today announced the issuance of a Notice of Allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for U.S. patent application number 14/575,127, entitled “Angiotensin II Alone or in Combination for the Treatment of Hypotension,” which covers LJPC-501, La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension (CRH). LJPC-501 is currently the subject of a Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of CRH, and results from this trial are expected by the end of 2016.
La Jolla has an exclusive license to this patent application from the George Washington University, and the resulting patent will have a term extending to 2034. This Notice of Allowance concludes substantive examination of the patent application and will result in the issuance of a U.S. patent after administrative processes are completed. Additional claims are being pursued in a continuation application.
“This newly allowed patent covering LJPC-501 is a valuable addition to La Jolla’s intellectual property portfolio,” said George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., President and CEO of La Jolla. “We believe that LJPC-501 has the potential to reverse acute hypotension in critically ill patients and, therefore, provide a significant benefit to patients suffering from CRH.”
About LJPC-501
LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II. Angiotensin II, the major bioactive component of the renin-angiotensin system, serves as one of the body’s central regulators of blood pressure. La Jolla is developing LJPC-501 for the treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension (CRH), which is an acute, life-threatening condition in which blood pressure drops to dangerously low levels in patients who respond poorly to current treatments. Angiotensin II has been shown to raise blood pressure in a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial in CRH, which was recently published in the journal Critical Care, as well as in animal models of hypotension. Preclinical pharmacology studies that La Jolla has conducted have demonstrated that catecholamine resistance may be in part a result of reduced endogenous production of angiotensin II. In October 2014, La Jolla presented positive data from a preclinical study of LJPC-501 for the treatment of CRH.
La Jolla initiated a Phase 3 clinical trial with LJPC-501 for the treatment of CRH, called the ATHOS (Angiotensin II for the Treatment of High-Output Shock) 3 trial, in March 2015. In February 2015, La Jolla reached agreement with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on a Special Protocol Assessment (SPA) for this multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, Phase 3 clinical trial. In accordance with the SPA, the primary efficacy endpoint for the ATHOS 3 registration trial is increase in blood pressure at three hours. The ATHOS 3 trial is designed to enroll approximately 315 patients. Patients are to be randomized in a 1:1 fashion to receive either: (i) LJPC-501 plus standard-of-care vasopressors; or (ii) placebo plus standard-of-care vasopressors. Randomized patients are to receive their assigned treatment via continuous IV infusion for up to seven days. The primary efficacy endpoint in the study is to compare the change in mean arterial pressure in patients with CRH who receive an IV infusion of LJPC-501 plus standard-of-care vasopressors to those that receive placebo plus standard-of-care vasopressors. Secondary endpoints include comparison of changes in Cardiovascular Sequential Organ Failure Assessment, or SOFA scores, and the safety and tolerability of LJPC-501 in patients with CRH. Results from ATHOS 3 are expected by the end of 2016.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease. LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb are Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivatives for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections and rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward-Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities for LJPC-501, LJPC-401, LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb; potential indications for which LJPC-501, LJPC-401, LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb may be developed; events that could interfere with the issuance of a patent, or once issued, the continued validity or enforceability of a patent; the Company’s ability generally to maintain adequate patent protection and successfully enforce patent claims against third parties; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20151130005355/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
858-207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
 La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results and Recent Corporate Progress			 November 6, 2015/in News /by Dan ZapataSAN DIEGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)– La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (NASDAQ: LJPC) (the Company or La Jolla), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported third quarter 2015 financial results and highlighted recent corporate progress.
Recent Corporate Progress
La Jolla initiated a Phase 1 clinical trial of LJPC-401, the Company’s novel formulation of hepcidin, in patients at risk of iron overload due to conditions such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease. Preliminary results from this clinical trial are anticipated by the end of 2015.
La Jolla received a positive opinion from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products (COMP), which the European Commission subsequently adopted, for designation of LJPC-401 as an orphan medicinal product for the treatment of beta thalassemia intermedia and major.
La Jolla and Vanderbilt University entered into an exclusive, worldwide research and license agreement covering Vanderbilt’s research program and intellectual property rights relating to small-molecule kinase inhibitors designed to selectively block specific members of the bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) type-I receptor family, for the potential treatment of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva (FOP), acquired heterotopic ossification, muscular dystrophies including Duchenne muscular dystrophy, anemia of chronic disease, cancer, cardiovascular diseases and inflammatory bowel disease.
La Jolla received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Office of Orphan Products Development on two novel compounds, which were licensed from Vanderbilt University, for FOP.
La Jolla completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 2.9 million shares of common stock, which includes the full exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option, at a public offering price of $38.00 per share. The Company received total net proceeds of approximately $104.6 million from this offering.
“The second half of 2015 is off to an exciting and productive start for La Jolla, highlighted by the initiation of our Phase 1 clinical trial for LJPC-401, continued progress with our Phase 3 clinical trial of LJPC-501, the receipt of a positive opinion for designation of LJPC-401 as an orphan medicinal product in Europe and the receipt of orphan drug designation for two of the recently licensed compounds from Vanderbilt in the U.S.,” said George Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D., La Jolla’s President and Chief Executive Officer. “We look forward to building on this momentum, with the anticipation of preliminary results from the LJPC-401 Phase 1 clinical trial by the end of this year and results from the LJPC-501 Phase 3 clinical trial by the end of 2016.”
Results of Operations
As of September 30, 2015, La Jolla had $135.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, compared to $48.6 million as of December 31, 2014. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to cash provided by our common stock offering that was completed in September 2015, which was partially offset by net cash used for operating activities. Based on current operating plans and projections, La Jolla believes that its current cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund operations into 2018.
La Jolla’s net cash used for operating activities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $5.5 million and $16.7 million, respectively, compared to net cash used for operating activities of $2.8 million and $7.5 million, respectively, for the same periods in 2014. La Jolla’s net loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $10.5 million and $30.1 million, or $0.70 per share and $1.99 per share, respectively, compared to a net loss of $5.1 million and $14.5 million, or $0.37 per share and $1.58 per share, respectively, for the same periods in 2014. During the three months ended September 2015, La Jolla recognized approximately $0.6 million of contract revenue, which was pursuant to a services agreement under which La Jolla provides research and development services to a related party. The net loss includes noncash, share-based compensation expense of $3.1 million and $10.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, compared to $1.7 million and $6.6 million of noncash, share-based compensation expense, respectively, for the same periods in 2014.
The increases in net cash used for operating activities and net loss in 2015 as compared to 2014 were primarily due to increased clinical development costs associated with the continuation of the Phase 3 clinical trial of LJPC-501 in catecholamine-resistant hypotension and the costs associated with the initiation of the Phase 1 clinical trial of LJPC-401 in iron overload. In addition, there were increases in personnel and related costs, which were mainly due to the hiring of additional personnel and increased facility costs to support the increased development and clinical activities.
About La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases. The Company has several product candidates in development. LJPC-501 is La Jolla’s proprietary formulation of angiotensin II for the potential treatment of catecholamine-resistant hypotension. LJPC-401 is La Jolla’s novel formulation of hepcidin for the potential treatment of conditions characterized by iron overload, such as hereditary hemochromatosis, beta thalassemia and sickle cell disease. LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb are Jolla’s next-generation gentamicin derivatives for the potential treatment of serious bacterial infections and rare genetic disorders, such as cystic fibrosis and Duchenne muscular dystrophy. For more information on La Jolla, please visit www.ljpc.com.
Forward Looking Statement Safe Harbor
This document contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future results of operations. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual results to be materially different from these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Certain of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors are described in greater detail in the Company’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), all of which are available free of charge on the SEC’s web site www.sec.gov. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to: the timing for commencement of clinical studies, the anticipated timing for completion of such studies, and the anticipated timing for regulatory actions; the success of future development activities for LJPC-501, LJPC-401, LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb; potential indications for which LJPC-501, LJPC-401, LJPC-30Sa and LJPC-30Sb may be developed; and the expected duration over which the Company’s cash balances will fund its operations. Subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or to persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements set forth in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC. The Company expressly disclaims any intent to update any forward-looking statements.
3rd Quarter Financial Results
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20151106005122/en/
Contacts
La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company
George F. Tidmarsh, M.D., Ph.D.
President & Chief Executive Officer
858-207-4264
gtidmarsh@ljpc.com
or
Dennis M. Mulroy
Chief Financial Officer
858-433-6839
dmulroy@ljpc.com
Source: La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company






























Scroll to top



 


George Tidmarsh
 | LinkedIn
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




George TidmarshSports television broadcast journalistLocationRichmond, Greater London, United KingdomIndustrySportsCurrentEurosport  events, A.S.O, YouthstreamPreviousEurosport, Dorna SportsEducationUniversidad Europea de MadridWebsitesCompany WebsiteCompany Website330 connectionsView George’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View George’s Full ProfileSummary8 years of freelance experience working on site at the most prestigious motor sport World Championships, producing live and recorded content from conception to final product in multiple languages.ExperienceProducerEurosport  eventsAugust 2015  –  Present (2 years)On site production of Live and highlight packages of the F.I.A ETCCJournalist / commentatorA.S.OJanuary 2014  –  Present (3 years 7 months)Working as one of 3 journalists on the daily 26 minute Dakar programme. Voice over artist for the intentional feed. Voice overs for the Desafio Inca and Desafio Ruta 40 rallysProducerYouthstreamJune 2011  –  Present (6 years 2 months)Producer for all content, live and magazine, for the FIM MXGP World Championship.ProducerInterzona Fims S.LJanuary 2011  –  Present (6 years 7 months)Producing full coverage of 6 FIM World Championships, including the Endurance World Championship, the ISDE, the Ice Speedway Gladiators and the X-Trial World Championship.Coorndinating 4 editors on multiple simultanious prrojects.Live and recorded voice over of all events.WTCC  highlights commentatorEurosportApril 2012  –  November 2012 (8 months)Taking a trip on 4 wheels to cover the World Touring Car Championship for the 2012 season. On site world feed production  and voice over for the same day 24 minute highlights program.Journalist/ProducerDorna SportsMarch 2008  –  May 2009 (1 year 3 months)Producing Television and DVD content for network partners and commercial sale.Pit lane reporting for the Live world feed broadcast.Presenting track side broadcastsGraphics developmentCo-commentating for the race day one hour highlights program.Sports ProducerEurosportMay 2006  –  February 2008 (1 year 10 months)Managing the MotoGP content for Eurosport International in Paris.400 hours of Live MCR content per yearDirecting on site news journalistsDeveloping engaging content for commercial partnersLanguagesSpanishFrenchSkillsTelevision ProducingBroadcastTelevisionSportsBroadcast JournalismSports MediaLive sports commentaryMulti camera directionBroadcast TelevisionNew MediaVideo ProductionJournalismMedia RelationsVideo EditingFinal Cut ProSee 5+Voice OverEditingStorytellingCameraProducingSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversidad Europea de MadridMaster's degree, Multimedia sports journalismMaster's degree, Multimedia sports journalism2005  –  2006Newcastle UniversityHistory, Ancient history, classicsHistory, Ancient history, classics2002  –  2005GroupsFilm and Television ProfessionalsMedia & Marketing Professionals WorldwideMotor RacingMotorsports Professionals GroupJobs & Careers in MotorsportView George’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact George directlyView George’s Full ProfileNot the George you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedHenrietta AitkenSenior Vice President at FleishmanHillardRubén FernándezSenior Manager en Dorna SportsKate BoxerMissenFreelance Consultant / Project Manager in SportCynthia booyseFASHION DESIGNER AND PRODUCTION CO-ORDINATOR at self employedDebbie ManosPhotographer,Videographer,Video Creator        for personal or Marketing useAntonio BurgueñoCreador,Fundador, Director en la Revista Digital de Motor Pilot & Person.James ScrivenerDirectorDoug StephensOwner, Mile Zero Motorsports LtdSebastian TiffertDirector Global Motorsport Production at EurosportNadia ZaidiAccountant at Marble Bar Asset ManagementPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different George TidmarshFirst NameLast NameExample:  George TidmarshGeorge F. TidmarshCEO, La Jolla PharmaceuticalUnited StatesGeorge F TidmarshCEO at BDD Inc.United StatesMore professionals named George TidmarshLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country
























Generic Duexis Availability - Drugs.com


































Skip to Content












Search:



All

AllConsumerProfessionalPill IDInteractionsNewsFDA AlertsApprovalsPipelineClinical TrialsCare NotesEncyclopediaDictionaryNatural Products 










Browse all medications:

a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


Advanced Search






Topics & Tools





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 






Sign In


Sign In
Register







Menu










 



Home › Generic Drugs › Duexis



Print
 Share






Generic Duexis Availability
Duexis is a brand name of famotidine/ibuprofen, approved by the FDA in the following formulation(s):
DUEXIS (famotidine; ibuprofen - tablet;oral)


  Manufacturer: HORIZON PHARMA
  Approval date: April 23, 2011
  Strength(s): 26.6MG;800MG [RLD]



Has a generic version of Duexis been approved?
No. There is currently no therapeutically equivalent version of Duexis available in the United States.
Note: Fraudulent online pharmacies may attempt to sell an illegal generic version of Duexis. These medications may be counterfeit and potentially unsafe. If you purchase medications online, be sure you are buying from a reputable and valid online pharmacy. Ask your health care provider for advice if you are unsure about the online purchase of any medication.See also: About generic drugs.
Related Patents
Patents are granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office at any time during a drug's development and may include a wide range of claims.


Stable compositions of famotidine and ibuprofenPatent 8,067,033Issued: November 29, 2011Inventor(s): Xu; Jerry & Tidmarsh; GeorgeAssignee(s): Horizon Pharma USA, Inc.Stable pharmaceutical compositions of famotidine and ibuprofen in a single unit dosage form are disclosed herein. The compositions comprise a famotidine core having a reduced or minimal surface area surrounded by a layer of ibuprofen. In some embodiments, the ibuprofen is in direct physical contact with the famotidine.Patent expiration dates:

July 18, 2026✓ Drug product



Methods and medicaments for administration of ibuprofenPatent 8,067,451Issued: November 29, 2011Inventor(s): Tidmarsh; George & Golombik; Barry L. & Sharma; PuneetAssignee(s): Horizon Pharma USA, Inc.A method for administration of ibuprofen to a subject in need of ibuprofen treatment is provided, in which an oral dosage form comprising a therapeutically effective amount of ibuprofen and a therapeutically effective amount of famotidine is administered three times per day.Patent expiration dates:

July 18, 2026✓ Patent use: RELIEF OF SIGNS AND SYMPTOMS OF RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS AND OSTEOARTHRITIS AND TO DECREASE RISK OF DEVELOPING UPPER GASTROINTESTINAL ULCERS IN PATIENTS WHO ARE TAKING IBUPROFEN FOR THOSE INDICATIONS✓ Drug product



Stable compositions of famotidine and ibuprofenPatent 8,309,127Issued: November 13, 2012Inventor(s): Xu; Jerry & Tidmarsh; George F.Assignee(s): Horizon Pharma USA, Inc.Stable pharmaceutical compositions of famotidine and ibuprofen in a single unit dosage form are disclosed herein. The compositions comprise a famotidine core having a reduced or minimal surface area surrounded by a layer of ibuprofen. In some embodiments, the ibuprofen is in direct physical contact with the famotidine.Patent expiration dates:

July 18, 2026✓ Drug product



Stable compositions of famotidine and ibuprofenPatent 8,318,202Issued: November 27, 2012Inventor(s): Xu; Jerry & Tidmarsh; George F.Assignee(s): Horizon Pharma USA, Inc.Stable pharmaceutical compositions of famotidine and ibuprofen in a single unit dosage form are disclosed herein. The compositions comprise a famotidine core having a reduced or minimal surface area surrounded by a layer of ibuprofen. In some embodiments, the ibuprofen is in direct physical contact with the famotidine.Patent expiration dates:

July 18, 2026✓ Drug product



Stable compositions of famotidine and ibuprofenPatent 8,449,910Issued: May 28, 2013Assignee(s): Horizon Pharma USA, Inc.Stable pharmaceutical compositions of famotidine and ibuprofen in a single unit dosage form are disclosed herein. The compositions comprise a famotidine core having a reduced or minimal surface area surrounded by a layer of ibuprofen. In some embodiments, the ibuprofen is in direct physical contact with the famotidine.Patent expiration dates:

July 18, 2026✓ Drug product



Stable compositions of famotidine and ibuprofenPatent 8,501,228Issued: August 6, 2013Assignee(s): Horizon Pharma USA, Inc.Stable pharmaceutical compositions of famotidine and ibuprofen in a single unit dosage form are disclosed herein. The compositions comprise a famotidine core having a reduced or minimal surface area surrounded by a layer of ibuprofen. In some embodiments, the ibuprofen is in direct physical contact with the famotidine.Patent expiration dates:

July 18, 2026✓ Patent use: RELIEF OF SIGNS AND SYMPTOMS OF RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS AND OSTEOARTHRITIS AND TO DECREASE RISK OF DEVELOPING UPPER GASTROINTESTINAL ULCERS IN PATIENTS WHO ARE TAKING IBUPROFEN FOR THOSE INDICATIONS




Share on GooglePlus
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Print this page
Email to a friend
 Add to My Med List


More about Duexis (famotidine / ibuprofen)

Side Effects
During Pregnancy
Dosage Information
Drug Images
Drug Interactions
Support Group
Pricing & Coupons
En Español
14 Reviews – 
Add your own review/rating
Drug class: nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents

Consumer resources

Duexis
Duexis (Advanced Reading)

Professional resources

Duexis (FDA)

Related treatment guides

Osteoarthritis
NSAID-Induced Ulcer Prophylaxis
Rheumatoid Arthritis




Glossary
TermDefinition
Drug PatentA drug patent is assigned by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and assigns exclusive legal right to the patent holder to protect the proprietary chemical formulation. The patent assigns exclusive legal right to the inventor or patent holder, and may include entities such as the drug brand name, trademark, product dosage form, ingredient formulation, or manufacturing process A patent usually expires 20 years from the date of filing, but can be variable based on many factors, including development of new formulations of the original chemical, and patent infringement litigation.
Drug ExclusivityExclusivity is the sole marketing rights granted by the FDA to a manufacturer upon the approval of a drug and may run simultaneously with a patent. Exclusivity periods can run from 180 days to seven years depending upon the circumstance of the exclusivity grant.
RLDA Reference Listed Drug (RLD) is an approved drug product to which new generic versions are compared to show that they are bioequivalent. A drug company seeking approval to market a generic equivalent must refer to the Reference Listed Drug in its Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA).  By designating a single reference listed drug as the standard to which all generic versions must be shown to be bioequivalent, FDA hopes to avoid possible significant variations among generic drugs and their brand name counterpart.






Drug Status



Availability Rx Prescription only



Pregnancy Category C Risk cannot be ruled out




CSA Schedule N Not a controlled drug




Approval History Calendar Drug history at FDA





Close










Duexis Rating



14 User Reviews


                  6.6/10







14 User Reviews




 
 
 

 6.6 Rate it! 







Drug Class


Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents



Recently Approved



Vosevi Vosevi (sofosbuvir, velpatasvir and voxilaprevir or SOF / VEL / VOX) is a fixed-dose combination of a...
Nerlynx Nerlynx (neratinib) is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor for the extended adjuvant treatment of...
Tremfya Tremfya (guselkumab) is an interleukin-23 blocker indicated for the treatment of moderate-to-severe...
Endari Endari (L-glutamine) is orally-administered pharmaceutical grade L-glutamine (PGLG), an amino acid...

More




FDA Consumer Updates



Depression: FDA-Approved Medications May Help
Dealing with ADHD: What You Need to Know
Making Decisions for Your Health: Getting the Info You Need
FDA: Cutting-Edge Technology Sheds Light on Antibiotic Resistance

More FDA updates




Duexis Images




Duexis famotidine 26.6 mg / ibuprofen 800 mg (HZT )





View larger images






Related News and Articles




Some Medicines Boost Sensitivity to Sun
July 17, 2017


JFK's Long, Silent Struggle With Back Pain
July 11, 2017


Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Orencia (abatacept) Receives FDA Approval for Treatment of Active Psoriatic Arthritis in Adults
July 6, 2017
















Drugs.com Mobile Apps
The easiest way to lookup drug information, identify pills, check interactions and set up your own personal medication records. Available for Android and iOS devices.
Explore Apps











Support

Help Center
Frequent Questions
Sitemap
Contact Us



About

About Drugs.com
Advertising Policy
Content Submissions
Drugs.com Blog



Terms & Privacy

Editorial Policy
Privacy Policy

Terms of Use
Attribution & Citations





Facebook 
Twitter 
Google Plus 
YouTube 
RSS Feed 


Subscribe to receive email notifications whenever new articles are published.




Drugs.com provides accurate and independent information on more than 24,000 prescription drugs, over-the-counter medicines and natural products. This material is provided for educational purposes only and is not intended for medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. Data sources include Micromedex® (updated July 5th, 2017), Cerner Multum™ (updated July 13th, 2017), Wolters Kluwer™ (updated July 5th, 2017) and  others. To view content sources and attributions, please refer to our editorial policy.








Third Party Advertising


We comply with the HONcode standard for trustworthy health information - verify here


Copyright © 2000-2017 Drugs.com. All rights reserved.









Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on GooglePlus
Email to a friend

Hide































	
		
		
		Unavailable - Fidelity Investments
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries













This feature is temporarily unavailable.
        






 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 

















































	
		
		
		Stock Market Research: Top Stocks, Quotes & News - Fidelity Investments
	
	





















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 












			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >













Stock Details


Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.






Stock Research & Ideas



You are here: Stock Research Center


		
		
		
		My Research 

Screen & Filter

Stock Screeners
Preset Expert Strategies

News & Insights

Events Calendar
Upgrades / Downgrades

Explore Firm Research

Research Firms
Research Firm Scorecards
Reports Search





RELATED RESOURCES

Fidelity Learning Center 
U.S. Markets
Global Markets
Sectors & Industries
















Stock Research Center

 Not a Fidelity Customer?
    No problem! Try our research for FREE without opening an account.




 














Trending Stocks



Market Movers
Top Rated by Sector
Orders by Fidelity Customers






Filters:


Refresh
Equity Summary Score


Provided by Starmine












Investing Insights



Technical Events
PROVIDED BY Recognia AS OF 07/22/2017
Methodology
RECOGNIA METHODOLOGY
Bullish and Bearish Events of the Day provide long/short trading ideas by identifying U.S. stocks that have recently formed a bullish or bearish classic chart pattern. Patterns must have taken at least 35 days to form, which draws out the more significant patterns for intermediate or long-term trend direction. The list is then filtered to include stocks with a minimum $3.00 for bullish and $5.00 for bearish close price; and, a minimum 50,000 trading volume. Most recent patterns are listed first. Patterns on the same date are sorted using Recognia's proprietary quantitative algorithm to draw strong companies to the top, and if further sorting is required (for stocks with the same quantitative analysis result) it is done by trading volume to draw highest volume stocks to the top.





BOFI
Log in for Events


HAFC


AN


EARN


EPAM








SN
Log in for Events


CHKP


LHO


FIT


GTS




Find out how to use fundamental analysis and technical analysis when evaluating stocks, with the help of the Fidelity Learning Center.






My Research – 
Organize and track your favorite securities.


				
				
				
				Get started 





Today's Events
AS OF 1:26 PM ET 07/22/2017







Earnings (0)
Dividends (0)
Splits (11)


Upgrades (0)
Downgrades (0)
Economic (0)










Upcoming Webinar Events
Visit the Learning Center Events page for a full list of upcoming webinars.
	














The Equity Summary Score is provided for informational purposes only, does not constitute advice or guidance, and is not an endorsement or recommendation for any particular security or trading strategy. The Equity Summary Score is provided by Thomson Reuters StarMine, an independent company not affiliated with Fidelity Investments.*GICS® (Global Industry Classification Standards) is an industry classification system developed by Standard & Poor's in collaboration with Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI). S&P uses GICS to determine the market segment to which a company is assigned.News, commentary (including "Related Symbols") and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Sector funds can be more volatile because of their narrow concentration in a specific industry.System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.The Fidelity Screeners are research tools provided to help self-directed investors evaluate securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria are solely for the convenience of the user. Information supplied or obtained from the Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange traded products or closed end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors and re-evaluate them on a periodic basis.














 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 





















































	
		
		
		LJPC Stock News - Fidelity
	
	




















Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













			Content and data provided by various third parties and Fidelity − Terms of Use




Research >
Stocks >












Stock Details

Enter Company or Symbol. Press down arrow for suggestions, or Escape to return to entry field.







View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Adv Chart & Technical..
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings



View this information for the company or symbol

Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart
News
Analyst Reports



Find Symbol. Opens in new window.







Snapshot
Detailed Quote
Advanced Chart & Technical Analysis 
News & Events
Compare
Analyst Opinions
Research Reports
Key Statistics
Earnings
Dividends
Ownership & Insiders
Financial Statements
SEC Filings





RELATED RESOURCES

Stock Research Overview
Stock Screeners
Markets & Sectors
Fidelity Learning Center 

















Print
|
Help/Glossary




Help/Glossary








News & Events:LJPC

LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY

33.49 0.56 (1.70 %)as of 4:00:00pm ET 07/21/2017



			
				Quotes delayed at least 15 min.
				
				
					
					
					
					
					Log in for real time quote.





Add to Watch List
Set Alert
Hypothetical Trade
Option Chain


Price History 

Download to CSV file
Download to Excel file


















Log in for more news

Expand all| Collapse all



















                                                    Today's Research Report Coverage on Biotech Stocks -- Cyclacel Pharma, Cytori Therapeutics, La Jolla Pharma, and Moleculin Biotech
                                                


                                                    PR Newswire – 
                                                    6:35 AM ET 06/19/2017
                                                


NEW YORK, June 19, 2017 Ahead of today's trading session, DailyStockTracker.com concentrates on the Biotech space, which is engaged in the research and development of new drugs, medical devices, and procedures. http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ Cyclacel Pharma . Last Friday, Berkeley Heights, New Jersey headquartered Cyclacel Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s (CYCC) stock jumped 5.15%, to close the day at $...

















                                                    Results of ATHOS-3 Phase 3 Study of LJPC-501 Published in The New England Journal of Medicine
                                                


                                                    Business Wire – 
                                                    1:10 PM ET 05/21/2017
                                                


La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) today announced that results of the ATHOS-3 Phase 3 study of LJPC-501 have been published online by The New England Journal of Medicine.

















                                                    BRIEF-La Jolla Pharmaceutical quarterly loss per share $1.26
                                                


                                                    Reuters – 
                                                    4:30 PM ET 04/27/2017
                                                


La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co (LJPC): * La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC) announces financial results for the three months ended march 31, 2017 and recent corporate progress. * Quarterly loss per share $1.26. * Q1 earnings per share view $-1.34 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:

















                                                    La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company Announces Financial Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 and Recent Corporate Progress
                                                


                                                    Business Wire – 
                                                    4:10 PM ET 04/27/2017
                                                


La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company (LJPC), a leader in the development of innovative therapies intended to significantly improve outcomes in patients suffering from life-threatening diseases, today reported financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and recent corporate progress.












Page: 


Page 1





Today's and Upcoming Events




Aug
7


LJPC to announce Q2 earnings After Market (Unconfirmed)









Past Events (last 90 days)

No events in the past 90 days




Data provided by Wall Street Horizon, Inc. © 2017

Technical Events

Classic Patterns (past 90 days)
PROVIDED BY RECOGNIA, INC.

Log in for trading events

View All Technical Analysis in Advanced Chart 



Technical Analysis
PROVIDED BY TRADING CENTRAL

Log in for trading events












As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment is appropriate for you.  Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this security by making it available to customers.  You should conduct research and perform a thorough investigation as to the characteristics of any securities you intend to purchase.  Before investing, you should read the prospectus, offering circular, indenture, or similar document carefully for a full description of the product, including its features and risks, to determine whether it is an appropriate investment for your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and other individual factors, and be sure to re-evaluate those factors on a periodic basis.Performance data shown represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted.  Yield and return will vary, therefore, you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.Stock markets are volatile and can decline significantly in response to adverse issuer, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments.  Growth stocks can be more volatile than other types of stocks.  Value stocks can continue to be undervalued by the market for long periods of time.  Foreign securities are subject to interest-rate, currency-exchange-rate, economic, and political risks, all of which are magnified in emerging markets.  Illiquidity is an inherent risk associated with investing in real estate and REITs.  There is no guarantee the issuer of a REIT will maintain the secondary market for its shares and redemptions may be at a price which is more or less than the original price paid.  Closed-end funds can trade at a discount to their NAV.  Shareholders of Master Limited Partnerships may be treated as partners for tax purposes.  Partnerships issue a Schedule K-1 (Form 1065) rather than a Form 1099 form for tax purposes. It lists the partner's share of income, deductions, credits, etc.  Speak with your tax advisor to determine how this may affect you.  A royalty trust is a type of corporation, mostly in the United States or Canada, usually involved in oil and gas production or mining.  Royalty trusts may have special tax treatment, so you should consult a tax advisor on the potential tax consequences of investing in them.News, commentary and events are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content.  Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from their use.Any data, charts and other information provided on this page are intended for research purposes to help self-directed investors evaluate many types of securities including, but not limited to common stocks, American Depository Receipts, Master Limited Partnerships, real estate investment trusts. traditional preferred stock, trust preferred securities, third-party trust certificates, convertible securities, mandatory convertible securities and other exchange-traded equity and/or debt securities.  Criteria and inputs entered, including the choice to make security comparisons, are at the sole discretion of the user and are solely for the convenience of the user.  Analyst opinions, ratings and reports are provided by third-parties unaffiliated with Fidelity.  All information supplied or obtained from this page is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell a security, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy.  Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating individual securities. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.462499.6.0








 Copyright
1998–2017 FMR LLC. 
All rights reserved. 

Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Security|
Site Map 








































See the Latest Features





PersonalizedGet relevant information about your holdings right when you need it.See Your Performance Click the portfolio icon to get information about stocks you own without leaving the research page.Faster Access to Positions A shortcut to view the full list of positions in your portfolio? Yes, please! Use the ticker search box.Add Your Own Notes Use Notebook to save your investment ideas in one convenient, private, and secure place.





Convenient For YouResearch that's clear, accessible, and all in one place makes for a better experience.One-Stop Shop See everything you need to make investment decisions right in the dashboard.Access Anywhere No matter where you are, use the Stock Research experience across multiple devices.New Ideas, On the Ready Find new ideas using quick links to the Stock Screener.





New Ways to ResearchDiscover new tools to add or diversify your existing research strategy.StockTwits Read live tweets from the financial and investing community about the stock you're interested in.Fundamental Analysis Save time on research by getting an overall assessment of a company's valuation, quality, growth stability, and financial health.Recognia Technical Analysis Perfect for the technical trader—this indicator captures a stock's technical events and converts them into short, medium, and long-term sentiment.Top Competitors See how a stock measures up by instantly comparing it to the industry average and its top four competitors.Social Sentiment Get a sense of people's overall feelings towards a company in social media with this summary tool.Earnings Data Monitor earnings expectations over the past three quarters and model a stock's price based on its P/E.










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




































Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















