

10-Q: TIGER X MEDICAL, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









7:48 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7:38 P.M. ET


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7:28 P.M. ET


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: TIGER X MEDICAL, INC.
    








    By

Published: Nov 6, 2014 10:50 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate estimates and judgments, including those described in greater detail below. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.  As used in this "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation," except where the context otherwise requires, the term "we," "us," "our" or "Tiger X" refers to the business of Tiger X Medical, Inc.  The following discussion should be read together with the information contained in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 1, "Financial Statements," in this Form 10-Q.  Overview  Tiger X Medical, Inc. ("Tiger X" or the "Company"), formerly known as Cardo Medical, Inc., previously operated as an orthopedic medical device company specializing in designing, developing and marketing high performance reconstructive joint devices and spinal surgical devices. During 2010, the Company discontinued its operations and sold the assets from its previous business lines during 2011. Our continuing operations include the collection and management of our royalty income earned in connection with the Asset Purchase Agreement with Arthrex. We continue to advance and promote our former knee product lines through participation in mobile teaching labs, seminars and live surgery. The Company is constantly evaluating opportunities for a suitable joint venture partner or buyer for the remaining intellectual property owned by the Company. The Company is also evaluating investment opportunities and uses for its cash.  We are headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Our common stock is quoted on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc.'s, Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, or the OTC Bulletin Board with a trading symbol of CDOM.OB.  Critical Accounting Policies  Use of Estimates  Financial statements prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Among other things, management makes estimates relating to share-based payments, and deferred income tax assets. Given the short operating history of Tiger X, actual results could differ from those estimates.  Royalty Agreement  On January 24, 2011, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Arthrex (the agreement being the "Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell the assets of the Reconstructive Division to Arthrex. The Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement also provides for the Company to receive royalty payments equal to 5% of net sales of the Company's products made by Arthrex on a quarterly basis for a term up to and including the 20th anniversary of the closing date. During the three months ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, the Company received total royalty payments of $96,000 and $71,000, respectively, from Arthrex. During the nine months ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, the Company received total royalty payments of $299,000 and $178,000, respectively, from Arthrex.  These amounts are reflected as royalty income on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations.  Revenue Recognition  The Company's revenue consists of royalty income from Arthrex pursuant to the Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement. Revenue is recognized as the amount becomes known and collectability is reasonably assured.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  In June 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915). ASU 2014-10 eliminates the distinction of a development stage entity and certain related disclosure requirements, including the elimination of inception-to-date information on the statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders' equity. ASU 2014-10 is effective prospectively for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods within those annual periods, however early adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt the provisions of ASU 2014-10 and has removed the related disclosures in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and notes.  Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2014 as Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2013.  The following is a comparison of the condensed consolidated results of operations for Tiger X for the three months ended September 30, 2014 and 2013.   Three Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2014 2013 $ Change Royalty income $ 96 $ 71 $ 25 General and administrative expenses 54 45 9 Income from operations 42 26 16 Interest income 1 4 (3) Income before income tax provision 43 30 13 Provision for income taxes - - - Net income $ 43 $ 30 $ 13  Royalty income  Royalty income amounted to $96,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to $71,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. Revenues represented royalties received from Arthrex in connection with the Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement. The increase during 2014 is the result of Arthrex's increased sales of the acquired product line. Until we find a joint venture partner or buyer for our remaining intellectual property or find an investment opportunity for our existing cash, we expect our primary source of revenue to be royalty payments under the Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement.  General and Administrative Expenses  General and administrative expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 increased by $9,000 as compared to the same period in 2013 due to increased professional fees during the quarter ended September 30, 2014. General and administrative expenses primarily represent our continuing operating expenses, including business insurance expense and professional fees such as legal, accounting and audit services. In the future, we expect our general and administrative expenses to remain at the same level as 2014.  Interest Income  Our interest income decreased by $3,000 during the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 due primarily to the reduction in the interest rates that we earned on our cash balances. We had no interest expense in 2014 or 2013, as there was no debt outstanding during this timeframe.  Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2014 as Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2013.  The following is a comparison of the condensed consolidated results of operations for Tiger X for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 and 2013.   Nine Months Ended September 30, (In thousands) 2014 2013 $ Change Royalty income $ 299 $ 178 $ 121 General and administrative expenses 129 172 (43) Income from operations 170 6 164 Interest income 3 8 (5) Income before income tax provision 173 14 159 Provision for income taxes - - - Net income $ 173 $ 14 $ 159  Royalty income  Royalty income amounted to $299,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 as compared to $178,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2013. Revenues represented royalties received from Arthrex in connection with the Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement. The increase during 2014 is the result of Arthrex's increased sales of the acquired product line. Until we find a joint venture partner or buyer for our remaining intellectual property or find an investment opportunity for our existing cash, we expect our primary source of revenue to be royalty payments under the Arthrex Asset Purchase Agreement.  General and Administrative Expenses  General and administrative expenses for the six months ended September 30, 2014 decreased by $43,000 as compared to the same period in 2013 due primarily to increased business taxes paid and higher professional fees incurred during 2013. General and administrative expenses primarily represent our continuing operating expenses, including business insurance expense and professional fees such as legal, accounting and audit services. In the future, we expect our general and administrative expenses to remain at the same level as 2014.  Interest Income  Our interest income decreased by $5,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 due primarily to the reduction in the interest rates that we earned on our cash balances. We had no interest expense in 2014 or 2013, as there was no debt outstanding during this timeframe.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Net cash provided by operating activities was $161,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 compared to net cash used in operating activities of $5,000 for the same period in 2013. The change between the nine month period in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an increase in our royalty revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2014 of $121,000 as compared to 2013.  We had no cash flows from investing or financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2014 or 2013.  We believe our cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2014 are adequate to meet our cash needs for the next twelve months and beyond.  Forward-Looking Statements  Some of the statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are "forward-looking statements," as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "should," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "plan," "believe," "predict," "potential," "project," "target," "forecast," "intend," "assume," "guide," "seek" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. Rather, forward-looking statements are predictive in nature and may depend upon or refer to future events, activities or conditions. Although we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we cannot provide any assurances regarding future results. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Because forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking statements. Information regarding our risk factors appears in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors," in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed on March 24, 2014.  Nov 06, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















TIGER X MEDICAL INC Los Angeles CA, 90077 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Instruments and Related Products
Tiger X Medical Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Tiger X Medical Inc



2934 1/2 N Beverly Glen Cir

Los Angeles,
							
							
							 CA
							
							
							 90077-1724
							
							 |  view map


(310) 987-7345

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

TIGER X MEDICAL INC is in the Orthopedic, Prosthetic, and Surgical Appliances and Supplies industry in Los Angeles, CA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of $500,000 to $999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Orthopedic, Prosthetic, and Surgical Appliances and Supplies
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						2009
					

Sales Range:
						$500,000 to $999,999
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


BioCardia, Inc. Signs Merger Agreement with Tiger X Medical, Inc. ... Bio Med Reports




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Coats Electric CO Inc


Ideal Construction CO


Montgomery Marine Repair


Walbro


Barnes & Noble


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Hammer & CO


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Tiger X Medical Inc
Rate Tiger X Medical Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Tiger X Medical Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
W & B TRUCKING INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VUDEN INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
ADVENT I LLC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
STINGER WELDING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
PANALPINA INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














 



BioCardia, Inc. Signs Merger Agreement with Tiger X Medical, Inc., Secures Funding to Support Further Development of CardiAMP® Cell Therapy System for the Treatment of Heart Failure | Business Wire


























































BioCardia, Inc. Signs Merger Agreement with Tiger X Medical, Inc., 
      Secures Funding to Support Further Development of CardiAMP® Cell 
      Therapy System for the Treatment of Heart Failure






August 23, 2016 08:34 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN CARLOS, Calif. & MIAMI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BioCardia, Inc., a clinical-stage regenerative medicine company 
      developing novel therapeutics for cardiovascular diseases, announced 
      today that it has entered into a definitive agreement to merge with 
      Tiger X Medical, Inc. (OTCPink: CDOM). The combined entity, which will 
      change its name to BioCardia following the closing, will trade on the 
      OTC Markets and will focus solely on the business of BioCardia.
    


      The combined entity is expected to have $23 million in cash at closing, 
      which will be used to support the ongoing Phase III Heart Failure Trial, 
      for the commercialization and development of other product candidates, 
      and for general corporate purposes. OPKO Health Inc. (NASDAQ: OPK) will 
      become a significant stockholder in Tiger X Medical and will also serve 
      as an advisor to the business.
    

      “Our CardiAMP cell therapy is seeking to address an enormous unmet need 
      – a treatment for heart failure that develops after a patient has had a 
      heart attack. The merger will provide resources necessary to continue 
      our Phase III development of CardiAMP,” said Dr. Peter Altman, 
      BioCardia’s CEO.
    

      BioCardia is commencing a Phase III study of its CardiAMP cell therapy 
      system for the treatment of heart failure. The Food and Drug 
      Administration (FDA) has approved the study under an Investigational 
      Device Exemption (IDE). The Centers for Medicaid and Medicare Services 
      (CMS) have approved this IDE Nationally as qualified for CMS 
      reimbursement.
    

      The CardiAMP cell therapy for heart failure integrates a proprietary 
      biomarker panel to identify candidates likely to respond to therapy, a 
      cell processing system which prepares a proprietary, high-dosage 
      formulation of autologous bone marrow-derived cells and a unique 
      transendocardial delivery system that ensures efficient and consistent 
      targeted delivery.
    

      The CardiAMP clinical trial is a randomized, controlled, multi-center 
      study of 250 patients evaluating CardiAMP Therapy at up to 40 clinical 
      sites in the United States. It follows two previous clinical studies 
      sponsored by BioCardia supporting the CardiAMP Therapy. Additional 
      details are available via ClinicalTrials.gov, 
      using identifier: NCT02438306.
    

      Results from the trial will be reviewed under the PMA regulations by the 
      FDA’s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) division.
    

      About BioCardia®:
    

      BioCardia, Inc., headquartered in San Carlos, CA, is a privately-held 
      company developing regenerative biologic therapies to treat 
      cardiovascular disease. The Company's current products include 
      the Helix™ transendocardial delivery system and the Morph® steerable 
      guide and sheath catheter portfolio. CardiAMP® and CardiALLO® cell 
      therapies are the company’s biotherapeutic product candidates in 
      clinical development. BioCardia also partners with other biotherapeutic 
      companies to provide its Helix systems and clinical support to their 
      programs studying therapies for the treatment of heart failure, chronic 
      myocardial ischemia and acute myocardial infarction.
    

      Forward Looking Statements:
    

      This press release contains forward-looking statements. Such 
      forward-looking statements include, among other things, references to 
      anticipated cash balance, use of funds and product development plans. 
      Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking 
      statements due to numerous factors. Such factors include, among others, 
      the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or 
      technologies, unexpected expenditures, the ability to raise the 
      additional funding needed to continue to pursue BioCardia’s business and 
      product development plans, competition in the industry in which 
      BioCardia operates and overall market conditions, whether OPKO Health 
      becomes a significant stockholder of Tiger X Medical, and whether the 
      merger between BioCardia and Tiger X Medical will close. These 
      forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press 
      release, and BioCardia and Tiger X Medical assume no obligation to 
      update the forward-looking statements.
    




Contacts

      For BioCardiaInvestors and Media:David McClung, 650-226-0120Vice 
      President Finance & CFOinvestors@BioCardia.comorFor 
      Tiger X Medical:Steve Rubin, 305-575-4100Interim CEO
    










Release Summary
BioCardia, Inc. Signs Merger Agreement with Tiger X Medical, Inc., Secures Funding to Support Further Development of CardiAMP® Cell Therapy System for the Treatment of Heart Failure






Contacts

      For BioCardiaInvestors and Media:David McClung, 650-226-0120Vice 
      President Finance & CFOinvestors@BioCardia.comorFor 
      Tiger X Medical:Steve Rubin, 305-575-4100Interim CEO
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Tiger X Medical, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:13 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Tiger X Medical, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of October 24, 2016, Tiger X Medical, Inc. was acquired by BioCardia, Inc., in a reverse merger transaction. Tiger X Medical, Inc. engages in the collection and management of royalty income earned in connection with the asset purchase agreement with Arthrex, Inc. It also provides its knee product lines through participation in mobile teaching labs, seminars, and live surgery. The company was formerly known as Cardo Medical, Inc. and changed its name to Tiger X Medical, Inc. in June 2011. Tiger X Medical, Inc. is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.


2934½ Beverly Glen CircleSuite #203Los Angeles, CA 90077United States1 Employees



Phone: 310-987-7345








Key Executives for Tiger X Medical, Inc.


Tiger X Medical, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 23, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tiger X Medical, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




9:13 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:48pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































BioCardia Closes Merger With Tiger X Medical, Inc. - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































BioCardia Closes Merger With Tiger X Medical, Inc.






Business Wire




Oct 24, 2016 9:15 AM EDT













 




























































  BioCardia, Inc. today announced completion of its merger with Tiger X Medical, Inc. effective today. In connection with the merger, Tiger X Medical will change its name to BioCardia, Inc. The combined company will commence trading under the symbol "BCDA" as of the open of market October 26, 2016 on OTC PINK.  Immediately prior to the merger, BioCardia converted all outstanding convertible promissory notes into shares of common stock, and the combined company has approximately $25 million in cash available, before the payment of fees and expenses.  "We are very pleased to complete this merger, which marks a significant milestone for BioCardia. We are transitioning from a private company to a publicly-traded company through this merger, and significantly increasing our financial resources," said Dr. Peter Altman, President and CEO of BioCardia. "These funds are expected to support operations and enable us to advance our pivotal Phase 3 CardiAMP cell therapy program for the treatment of heart failure developed after a heart attack."  About BioCardia  ®  :  BioCardia, Inc., headquartered in San Carlos, CA, is developing regenerative biologic therapies to treat cardiovascular disease. The Company's current products include the Helix™ transendocardial delivery system and the Morph ® steerable guide and sheath catheter portfolio. CardiAMP ® and CardiALLO ® cell therapies are the company's biotherapeutic product candidates in clinical development. BioCardia also partners with other biotherapeutic companies to provide its Helix systems and clinical support to their programs studying therapies for the treatment of heart failure, chronic myocardial ischemia and acute myocardial infarction.  Forward Looking Statements:  This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, references to anticipated cash balance, use of funds and product development plans. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. Such factors include, among others, the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies, unexpected expenditures, the ability to raise the additional funding needed to continue to pursue BioCardia's business and product development plans, competition in the industry in which BioCardia operates and overall market conditions, and whether the combined funds will support BioCardia's operations and enable BioCardia to advance its pivotal Phase 3 CardiAMP cell therapy program. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release, and BioCardia assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Tesla Is a Cult Stock, Jim Cramer Says


When Stocks Fall and It's Not Their Fault: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Friday 7/28/17)


Amazon, Alphabet and a GOP Failure on Healthcare; Here's Where Wall Street Stands


How Amazon Billionaire Jeff Bezos Gained Vast Riches and a Tech Giant Someday Worth $1 Trillion


Here's Why Snap's Stock Could Be In For Another Big Plunge on Monday











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Homepage - Tiger Medical Group














































Tiger Medical GroupYour Dispensable Source for High Quality Medical ProductsNewsNew and Improved WebsiteWelcome to our new and improved website. Tiger Medical Group provides a wide range of medical devices and supplies from factories throughout the world to institutional healthcare buyers worldwide. Tiger’s core competencies include: Sourcing & Procurement – Determining and managing the best factory for every product Over 500+ products available under Tiger’s brand or your brand Technical Services […]
VIEW ALL NEWS >PRODUCT OEM
All of our products can be purchased and packaged under our house brand, Tiger Medical Products, or your Private Label.  Contact Us to discuss your requirements.

COMPANY CATALOG





To download our company's catalog please submit your information below.Name*

Company*Email*



 










ADMISSIONS
APPAREL
EQUIPMENT
EXAM/DIAGNOSTIC
FOODSERVICE
GLOVES
HOUSEKEEPING
LABWARE
MATERNITY
NURSING
ORTHOPEDIC
PATIENT CARE
RESPIRATORY & ANESTHESIA
SKIN INTEGRITY
SURGERY
UROLOGY
WOUND CARE

















