










 













 













 













 













 







Tigner Investors, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Capital Conservation Partners, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Tigner Investors, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    880 Buckhead Trace Ne  
    Atlanta, GA, 30342Phone: 4043121354 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


New


$3,970,000


$3,970,000


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Capital Conservation Partners, Llc 
 Executive 


 Christopher Welton 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















TIGNER HARRIS ENTERPRISES CORPORATION, (THE CORP.), K000636 | Georgia-register.com














































TIGNER HARRIS ENTERPRISES CORPORATION, (THE CORP.)
2593 E TUPELO ST SE, ATLANTA, GA, 30317-3001, USA


















 
+
0
-



TIGNER HARRIS ENTERPRISES CORPORATION, (THE CORP.) is an entity registered at Georgia with company number K000636. Company is incorporated on18th December 1989. Current status of the company is Admin. Dissolved. The company's registered agent is SANDREL D.TIGNERKEIR HARRIS, 2593 EAST TUPELO ST SE, Fulton, ATLANTA, GA, 30317 The company's Secretary is PORTIA MARKS-MINTER, 1816 LONGDALE DRIVE, DECATUR, GA, 30030, USA The company's CEO is SANDREL TIGNERKEIR, D. HARRIS, 2593 E. TUPELO ST. SE, ATLANTA, GA, 30317, USA The company's CFO is STANLEY TIGNER, R., 664 QUILLIAN AVE., DECATUR, GA, 30032, USA
Company information


Company name
TIGNER HARRIS ENTERPRISES CORPORATION, (THE CORP.)


Address
2593 E TUPELO ST SE, ATLANTA, GA, 30317-3001, USA


Status
Admin. Dissolved


Company number
K000636


Company type
Domestic Profit Corporation


Home state
Georgia


Incorporation Date
18th December 1989


Dissolved Date
22nd July 1995



					Registered Agent
					
					
					
				


Name
SANDREL D.TIGNERKEIR HARRIS


Address
2593 EAST TUPELO ST SE, Fulton, ATLANTA, GA, 30317



					
					
					
					Secretary
				


Name
PORTIA MARKS-MINTER


Address
1816 LONGDALE DRIVE, DECATUR, GA, 30030, USA



					
					CEO
					
					
				


Name
SANDREL TIGNERKEIR, D. HARRIS


Address
2593 E. TUPELO ST. SE, ATLANTA, GA, 30317, USA



					
					
					CFO
					
				


Name
STANLEY TIGNER, R.


Address
664 QUILLIAN AVE., DECATUR, GA, 30032, USA








All data on website has informational character only and are taken from publicly available sources.
Related companies

TIGNER INTERIORS, INC.
Tigner Investors, LLC
Tigner Property, LLC
TIGON GROUP, LLC
TIGON HOLDING, LLC.
TIGON PRODUCT SOLUTIONS LLC
TIGONY, INCORPORATED
TIGRAY COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION OF THE GREATER ATLANTA AREA, INC.
TIGRAY COMMUNITY ATLANTA, INC.
TIGRAY INC.


TIGNER ENTERPRISES LLC
TIGNER CONSTRUCTION COMPANY, INC.
Tigner Cleaning Services, LLC.
TIGNER ASSOCIATES, INC.
TIGNALL MANUFACTURING COMPANY, INC.
TIGNALL BAPTIST CHURCH, INC.
TIGNALL ASSISTED LIVING, LLC
TIGIT LLC
TIGIST TESHOME LLC
Tigilla, Inc.

Similar company number

E. SUSAN BLACK, C.P.A., P.C.
NEW SOUTH PAINTING CO., INC.
TARMAC CONSTRUCTION COMPANY, INC.
SWEETWATER QUALITY BUILDERS, INC.
NORTH SPRINGS ENTERPRISES, INC.
SMITH'S PERSONAL CARE HOME 1-2-3&4 INC.
SMITH'S TEXACO, INC.
SONOGRAPHIC IMAGING, L.P.
V.E.I. INC.
BEACON FABRICATORS, INC.


SHAYCO, INC.
NORTH GEORGIA PROPERTIES, LTD. (L.P.)
LAB DEVELOPMENT GROUP, INC.
CREATIVE ARTISTS, LTD.
GRIFFIN REGIONAL RADIATION THERAPY CENTER, INC.
CONSUL COURT HOLDINGS, LTD.
KEY MAN INVESTMENT, INC.
HILL, HALFORD & ASSOCIATES, INC.
LUTHERAN CAMPUS MINISTRY AT GEORGIA TECH, INC.
S'MOORES, INC.
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















United employee pushes 71-year-old man to the ground, airline issues apology | Fox News































































































Fox News
					
                       travel
                    	




Expand/Collapse Search




























Airlines
United employee pushes 71-year-old man to the ground, airline issues apology


Published
					            June 14, 2017
					        

Fox News





Facebook 
Twitter
Comments
Email
Print









                                    United Airlines has responded to footage of an employee pushing an elderly man to the ground.
                                    
                                         (iStock)
                                    
                                




United we stand … and United we violently fall to the ground?






United Airlines was forced to apologize on Tuesday for a shocking incident that took place at an airport in Houston, Texas, in July 2015.
In footage of the incident, which was obtained by Houston news outlet KPRC-TV, a United employee appears to shove a 71-year-old passenger named Ronald Tigner, who then falls to the ground in full view of other passengers at George Bush Intercontinental Airport.
UNITED AIRLINES FLIES WOMAN TO SAN FRANCISCO INSTEAD OF FRANCE
Tigner is now filing a lawsuit against the airline, as well as the employee who shoved him and a separate employee, whom he believed to be negligent.



“This is just one of the most inhumane things I’ve ever seen in my life,” Tigner’s attorney, William Hoke, told KPRC.



According to his lawyer, Tigner was merely trying to get the attention of a United employee in order to reprint his boarding pass, which had become “garbled.” BUt instead of helping Tigner, Hoke says the United employee — who has been identified as Alejandro Anastasia — merely smiled at him and said, “Can’t you see we’re busy?”
Tigner reportedly responded by saying, “wipe that smile off your face,” and that’s when Anastasia cursed at him and shoved him down.
FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS
Tigner’s attorney also claims that Tigner was knocked unconscious when his head hit the ground, and yet no one came to his aid for minutes.
"He lies there lifeless for minutes. Not one employee comes to check on him,” Hoke told KPRC. "No one even went to check his pulse. They literally left him there like a piece of garbage."
Audio of a subsequent 911 call was later shared by KPRC, during which a United employee can be heard telling the operator that a “70-year-old man …  had fallen down.” At the time, the employee did not know the cause of the man’s fall.
In a statement obtained by Fox News, United has vowed to apologize to Tigner and “make this right.” United also confirmed that Anastasia no longer works for the airline.
UNITED PASSENGER DRAGGED FROM FLIGHT SETTLES FOR UNDISCLOSED AMOUNT
"We have seen the video from 2015 that shows completely unacceptable behavior by a United employee," writes United. "This employee was terminated from United in August 2015 following the incident. The conduct shown here does not reflect our values or our commitment to treat all of our customers with respect and dignity. We are taking a thorough look into what happened here and reaching out to our customer to profusely apologize for what occurred and to make this right."
According to KPRC, Anastasia had been charged with a felony after pushing Tigner. He was also ordered to pay a fine, attend anger-management classes, and write Tigner an apology.
Tigner is now seeking $1 million in damages.







Advertisement








Trending in Travel





Shark bites both legs of swimmer off popular Florida nude beach




Venezuela sees Delta, Avianca halt flights to country amid political and economic turmoil




Cruise ship tragedies: Murders, disappearances and more




Primera Air offering $99 flights to Europe — as long as you don't check a bag or eat




Warning issued over possibly tainted alcohol in Mexico










































Rodney Tigner(135189) Profile at BP














































User Login



Login using the services:









or


















Remember Password




Forgot Password












If you are not a member yet then please register :   Register 



































Forgot Password?
























 


Forgot Password?

Your login information has been sent to your registered email address.












Enter your code received in SMS


Your registration via SMS successfully confirmed.















Enter your code received in SMS

Please еnter your SMS code:







 





















							Rodney's Profile						














































Invite Your Friends to use BusinessPartners



Who are you sending your invitation to? :





Please enter their email:

























Invite Your Friends to use BusinessPartners


Your invitation has been sent.




Close























Send Your Profile Via Email



Who are you sending your profile to?





Please enter their email:





Comments

































To Unlock All Profiles, Please Upgrade Your Account.
Network Now





















Request a Professional Reference  

 




Who are you requesting a professional reference from?






Please enter their email:
											









													Or choose from your BusinessPartners Network
											




Select Partner
Select One 





Comments










Send Request

Cancel




























Close











Enter Password




OR





Rodney  Tigner has protected his document sharing documents. 
                Would you still like to see his protected documents. Please send request below.











Request a Professional Reference  





How do you know this person?




Please Select
Business Partner
Colleague
School
Friend





Comments







 


















































Send a Message





















 Attact File
















Send
Save
Delete













1Basic Info
2Business Info
3Financial Info
4Personality Info













In Order to View, Complete Your Profile Completed Profiles Unlock All Functions.
Complete Profile


In order to View Full Video Please Upgrade Your Account.
Upgrade Account



















Rodney
Video Profile

I am a Business Owner / Entrepreneur
( I am looking for a Business Partner ) 		
		

Zion's B-... 



Send Partner Request




Back To Profile











Video Conference Room Request
 

  Rodney Tigner is not available to join your video Conference.

 




















Send Rodney Tigner a Video Conference Room Request?


Rodney Tigner will have to confirm your request.













Send RodneyTigner a Partner Request


Rodney Tigner will have to confirm to your request



 











 Business Dashboard
 Files
Partners 




User has no video





User has no files to show




User has no partners











 


ENTREPRENEURS + INVESTORS
 ONLINE 
							1,167,953							 Jul 28, 2017



 Find a different Rodney Tigner








Example : Rodney





Rodney Berg

												Partner General
Canada







Rodney Berry

												Researcher
United States







Rodney Buljubasic

												Engineer
Croatia







Rodney Cook

												Entrepreneur
United States







Rodney Cross

												Entrepreneur
United States






Advertise With Us

﻿

 

 










 







Apply Provisional Patent Application - 100% "Patent Pending" Status




































































 



Click to Chat Live


CLOSE


 LIVE CHAT

           
          We are currently offline. Please send us your information and we will give you a call as soon as we can. 
 Thanks! We'll contact you once we open. Normally, Mon-Fri 10AM-7PM EST. 























 SUBMIT 








 CAll US  1-800-919-2493 
Contact Us 
Blog 






MENU OF SERVICES 
Patent Applications

 Provisional Patent Application 
 Design Patent Application 
 Utility Patent Application 


Patent Search  
Trademark
Business Plan

Knowledge Center










Provisional Patent Application
"Patent Pending" status guaranteed. Free consultation, personal consultant, and engineers to help. No hourly rates.






 Get "Patent Pending" Status!




Name


E-mail Address


Phone Number












 Our "Patent Pending" Process 


Put your "Thoughts to Paper"
1



Request a Patent Search Report
2



Temporarily protect with a provisional patent app
3



Test the market, raise funds, pitch to investors
4



Apply for a Full Non-Provisional Patent App
5



File Provisional Patent Application at a Fixed Price

BASIC
$199
+$65 Govt Fee*
Get BASIC




                      "Patent Pending" Status for 12 Months

                      



PROFESSIONAL
$599
+$65 Govt Fee*
Get PROFESSIONAL




                          "Patent Pending" Status for 12 Months  

                          


                          Professional Technical Descriptions 
See Description Samples
  

                         Professional Patent Drawings 
See Drawing Samples
   



                          Phone call with an engineer to discuss details




ESSENTIALS
$399
+$65 Govt Fee*
Get ESSENTIALS
P1 P2

  

                          "Patent Pending" Status for 12 Months 

                          
  

                          Professional Technical Descriptions 
See Description Samples
   

                         Professional Patent Drawings 
See Drawing Samples   

  

                           Phone call with an engineer to discuss details 

                          




All Plans Include: 




Personal Consultant
Your consultant will get to know you and your objectives, explain how the provisional patent application works, and help you file your provisional patent application.





Quick Filing
We can help you get "patent pending" in as little as 1  business day. More time is needed for professional packages.





Guaranteed "Patent Pending" Status
The US Patent Office will grant you "patent pending" status, guaranteed. If there are any issues getting this status, we'll fix it for you.





Government Receipt
You will receive an official receipt from the US Patent Office confirming acceptance of your provisional patent application and showing your patent application number.




Fixed Fees
No Hourly Rates
Free Consultation
Live Help



 Our clients have been on













How do Provisional Patent Applications Work?
Make sure you understand exactly how they work, keeping in mind they only last for 12 months and are only useful if you eventually convert it into a non-provisional patent app!
LEARN MORE ABOUT PROVISIONAL PATENT APPS









Should I request a patent search?
It's the first step before a patent application! First, you learn how patentable your invention may be. If it's not very patentable, don't waste time and money on a patent app. Second, it may help you increase your patentability. By seeing what is similar, you can improve your invention around other existing invention and increase patentability. 

LEARN MORE ABOUT PATENT SEARCH







What Our Clients Are Saying

Nigel B
New York , NY


 The process is clear, fast, and efficient. The Thoughts to Paper process is a great way for innovators to protect their ideas. 



A G.
Miramar , FL


 The team was very professional and promptly responded to our calls and questions.  



Terry S
Livingston , NJ


 My experience was wonderful. My representative seemed informed, caring and genuinely interested in making sure that we took the best option for our purposes.  



Dineen S
Arlington , VT


 I am satisfied with my experience with Thoughts to Paper in filing my provisional patent. I had helpful and available phone support. I have referred Thoughts to Paper to others. Application was filed timely. 


READ CLIENT TESTIMONIALS 







*$65 govt fee assumes you are classified as "micro entity" by USPTO. If you have filed 5 or more non-provisional patent apps in the past, or have an annual income of greater than $169,548, you may be classified as "small entity" or "large entity" which requires $130 or $260 govt fee
















  









CLOSE

To Get Started - Please fill out the contact form below 


Name 


E-Mail Address 


Phone Number



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































