

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












   Company Profile | Charter Communications Newsroom            Company ProfileLearn about Charter and its business units. About Charter Company History Quality Products and Services Connecting with Communities 26,000,000Charter customers 41States Charter serves 91,000Charter employeesAbout CharterCharter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR) is America’s fastest growing TV, internet and voice company. We’re committed to integrating the highest quality service with superior entertainment and communications products. Charter is at the intersection of technology and entertainment, facilitating essential communications that connect more than 26 million residential and business customers in 41 states. Our commitment to serving customers and exceeding their expectations is the bedrock of Charter’s business strategy and it’s the philosophy that guides our 91,000 employees.Company HistoryCharter is currently the second largest cable provider in the United States. The company has achieved growth through innovation and acquisitions of cable properties, most recently completing transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks.The Charter name comes from the founding of Charter Communications, Inc. in 1993 and, while the company has grown and evolved on many levels over the past two decades, our roots take us all the way back to the early days of cable. What started as mom-and-pop businesses with cable strung from hilltops to homes in the late 1940s has evolved into the dynamic cable industry we know today. 1948First cable systems are founded  1951The National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA), the principal trade association for the U.S. cable industry, is founded  1964Newhouse begins operating cable systems with the purchase of its first system in Alabama, branding it NewChannels  1973Warner Communications forms Warner Cable  1979Newhouse forms second cable company, MetroVision, in partnership with former Cox executives  1981Newhouse adds Vision Cable to cable assets  1989Time Warner Inc. forms through merger of Warner Communications and Time Inc.  1992Warner Cable and American Television & Communications (ATC) combine to form Time Warner Cable  1993Charter Communications, Inc. is founded and acquisitions of cable systems across the country begin  1994Time Warner Entertainment and Advance/Newhouse form cable partnership  1998Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen buys a controlling interest in Charter  1999Charter begins trading publicly on the NASDAQ stock exchange under symbol CHTR  2001Charter earns spot on Fortune 500  2003Advance/Newhouse begins operating Bright House Networks with approximately 2.2 million customers in Alabama, California, Florida, Indiana and Michigan  2007Time Warner Cable begins trading publicly on the NYSE  2009Charter completes financial restructuring under chapter 11, emerging as a stronger company under new equity ownershipTime Warner Cable separates from Time Warner Inc.  2012Thomas M. Rutledge is appointed President & CEO of Charter  2013Charter gains Liberty Media as an investor and announces Spectrum brand  2016Charter, Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks combine to form larger, stronger Charter Quality Products and ServicesSuperior, reliable, consistent services that deliver value – that’s our focus. Over the years, Charter has invested billions of dollars in infrastructure improvements, unleashing the power of an advanced, two-way, fully interactive fiber network. By moving to this all-digital network, today’s Charter customers enjoy the most HD TV channels, more On Demand choices and the fastest internet speeds.Charter delivers a wide range of TV, internet and voice services to residential and business customers through the Spectrum brand.Spectrum TV offers more HD than any other provider, DVR service and instant access to thousands of On Demand choices, many in HD. Watch live TV anywhere in the home or download movies and shows to go on mobile devices with the Spectrum TV App or take TV Everywhere with over 60 channel apps to watch on the go.Spectrum Internet provides the fastest Internet speeds available starting at 60 Mbps (100 Mbps in some markets). With Spectrum Internet, customers can simultaneously stream videos, download music and more without sacrificing performance. Charter provides free modems and the fastest, most powerful in-home WiFi to do more on more devices. And because Charter doesn’t limit internet with data caps or extra fees, customers always have the freedom of unlimited internet service.Spectrum Voice is a fully featured, reliable service with unlimited local and long-distance calling plans that include voicemail and other popular calling features like call waiting and call forwarding, plus free 411. Serving approximately 10 million voice customers, Charter is among the largest providers of residential phone service in the nation.Spectrum Business helps small businesses achieve better results by delivering reliable Internet, Ethernet, voice and enhancement solutions. Spectrum Business customers enjoy a wide range of products – from high-quality broadband services to phone systems and top-tier digital TV and music – all flexible to meet the demands of growing businesses.Spectrum Enterprise builds business-to-business solutions with a people-to-people focus, providing the bandwidth and support customers need to accelerate business. Charter’s largest customers enjoy enterprise-grade voice, video, data, network, cloud and managed services via a flexible and secure fiber-based network.Spectrum Community Solutions provide customized, managed WiFi, TV and voice services to residential apartments and other multi-dwelling units via fiber connections. Spectrum Fiber WiFi delivers the fastest, most powerful connection with more bandwidth and no data caps.Spectrum Reach, the advertising sales division of Charter, offers traditional commercial advertising and new interactive solutions for the modern media landscape. Spectrum Reach offers promotional solutions through national cable networks, internet advertising, mobile marketing and events supported by marketing, research and creative services teams.Connecting with CommunitiesCharter is committed to improving communities and impacting lives where our customers and employees live, work and play.Through our national philanthropic initiative, Spectrum Housing Assist, Charter partners with nonprofit organizations to make homes safer and healthier. We engage employees and community volunteers in order to facilitate these crucial home repairs, with the goal of improving 25,000 homes by the year 2020.To learn more about Spectrum Housing Assist and our other philanthropic efforts, please visit responsibility.spectrum.com. © 2017 Charter CommunicationsTerms of ServicePrivacyPolicyInvestor RelationsContacts 

Time Warner Cable Information Services (Washington), LLC SEC Filings





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Time Warner Cable Information Services (Washington), LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Time Warner Cable Information Services (Washington), LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (4)
Time Warner Cable Information Services (Washington), LLC SEC Filings


Filings


Filing dateFormDescriptionQuarterYear
 2016-11-02EFFECT42016view 2016-11-02424B342016view 2016-10-07S-4/A42016view 2016-10-07S-442016view

    Page:  
     1 





Form 10-K
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.
Form 10-K/A
Amended Form 10-K
Form 10-Q
The SEC form 10-Q is a comprehensive report of a company's performance that must be submitted quarterly by all public companies to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 10-Q, firms are required to disclose relevant information regarding their financial position. The form must be submitted on time, and the information should be available to all interested parties. 

The 10-Q is due 35 days (it used to be 45 days) after each of the first three fiscal quarters. There is no filing after the fourth quarter because that is when the 10-K is filed.
Form 10-Q/A
Amended Form 10-Q
Form 3
A document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by an insider affiliated with a public company's operation or by any investor owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding shares

This document must be filed with the SEC no later than 10 days after an insider becomes affiliated with a company, and it must be filed for each company in which a person is an insider, regardless of whether or not the insider has an equity position in the company at that time.
Form 3/A
Amended Form 3
Form 4
A Form 4 is a document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) whenever there is a material change in the holdings of company insiders. Insiders required to submit a Form 4 include directors and officers of the company as well as any shareholders owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding stock.

This two-page document covers any buy-and-sell orders on the open market as well as the exercise of company stock options. A Form 4 is mandatory within two business days starting from the end of the day the material transaction occurred. This filing is related to Form 3 and the Form 5, which also cover changes to the company insider holdings.
Form 4/A
Amended Form 4
Form 5
The annual statement of beneficial ownership of securities.
Form 5/A
Amended Form 5
Form 8-K
An 8-K is a report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes at a company that could be of importance to the shareholders or the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Examples of events reported on an 8-K include acquisition, bankruptcy, resignation of directors, or a change in the fiscal year. Also known as Form 8k.
Form D
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.
Form D/A
Amended Form D
Form DEF 14A
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that must be filed by or on behalf of a registrant when a shareholder vote is required. SEC Form DEF 14A is most commonly used in conjunction with an annual meeting proxy. The form should provide security holders with sufficient information to allow them to make an informed vote at an upcoming security holders' meeting or to authorize a proxy to vote on their behalf. It includes information about the date, time and place of the meeting of security holders; revocability of proxy; dissenter's right of appraisal; persons making the solicitation; direct or indirect interest of certain persons in matters to be acted upon; modification or exchange of securities; financial statements; voting procedures; and other details. 

All other filed by non-management definitive proxy statements - typically an annual meeting proxy.

Form DEF 14A, which is also known as "definitive proxy statement", is required under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This form is filed with the SEC when a definitive proxy statement is given to shareholders and helps the SEC ensure that shareholders' rights are upheld.
Form S-1
The SEC form S-1 is the initial registration form for new securities required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public companies. Any security that meets the criteria must have an S-1 filing before shares can be listed on a national exchange. 

Form S-1 requires companies to provide information on the planned use of capital proceeds, detail the current business model and competition, as well provide a a brief prospectus of the planned security itself, offering price methodology, and any dilution that will occur to other listed securities. The SEC also requires the disclosure of any material business dealings between the company and its directors and outside counsel. 

Form S-1 is also known as the "Registration Statement Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933". 

Investors can view S-1 filings online to perform due diligence on new offerings prior to their issue. The form is sometimes amended as material information changes or general market conditions cause a delay in the offering. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1933, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act, which is requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered, and to prohibit fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 

A less rigid registration form is the S-3, which is for companies that don't have the same ongoing reporting requirements.
















 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















TIME WARNER CABLE INFORMATION SERVICES (WASHINGTON), LLC | Invstor.com







invstor.com










Follow Us

Email Us

Call Us: 888-601-8601















		Reach all 20,000+ investors by posting a funding request.
Post a Request

	 








         These ads are not affiliated with TIME WARNER CABLE INFORMATION SERVICES (WASHINGTON), LLC



TIME WARNER CABLE INFORMATION SERVICES (WASHINGTON), LLC

Location: WILMINGTON, DE 19801

Professional Summary: 
TIME WARNER CABLE INFORMATION SERVICES (WASHINGTON), LLC is a startup company that was incorporated in DE.
        This company profile was created to provide more information about TIME WARNER CABLE INFORMATION SERVICES (WASHINGTON), LLC, a private company.

Company: TIME WARNER CABLE INFORMATION SERVICES (WASHINGTON), LLC
Location: WILMINGTON, DE 19801
Professional Type: GENERAL; DOMESTIC










﻿



Time Warner Cable Bundles | Save more with Cable TV, Internet and Phone packages from Time Warner.




















 





















TV + Internet + Phone
from $29.99/mo. each for 12 mos when bundled∗

FREE DVR Service for your first box∗



Time Warner Cable and Charter Spectrum have merged to bring you TV, Internet and Home Phone services at a great price!






TV + Internet + Phone
from $29.99/mo. each for 12 mos when bundled∗

FREE DVR Service for your first box∗



Time Warner Cable and Charter Spectrum have merged to bring you TV, Internet and Home Phone services at a great price!








Find the best deals at your address












Hurry, great deals don't last forever! Call Now 866-282-1155
3 operators are available at this time to take your call


Time Left to Call Today



00
days


00
hours

:

00
minutes

:

00
seconds




Tap to call









Stuck in a contract? Charter will pay your early termination fees up to $500!◊
Order a Charter Triple Play, then download and complete the form  available here.




Triple Play Select
Only $29.99/mo each for 12 mos. when bundled*

FREE DVR Service*


Check Availability

125+ Channels with FREE HD and On Demand**
100 Mbps Internet (speed varies by area)
Unlimited Nationwide Calling 18+ Popular Features








Triple Play Silver
SELECT+ $20.more per mo for 12 mos*

FREE DVR Service*


Check Availability

175+ Channels with FREE HD and On Demand**
100 Mbps Internet (speed varies by area)
Unlimited Nationwide Calling 18+ Popular Features


50+ more channels than SELECT including
   






Triple Play Gold
SILVER+ $20.more per mo for 12 mos*

FREE DVR Service*


Check Availability

200+ Channels with FREE HD and On Demand**
100 Mbps Internet (speed varies by area)
Unlimited Nationwide Calling 18+ Popular Features


25+ more channels than SILVER including
     









Find the Spectrum Services Available in your state:



AlabamaArizonaCaliforniaHawaiiIdahoIndianaKansasKentuckyMaineMassachusettsMissouriNebraskaNew YorkNorth CarolinaOhioPennsylvaniaSouth CarolinaTexasWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsin








 








×
Find the best deals



  Your Information is Private and Secure









×
Bridgevine Privacy Policy for Time Warner Cable Special


The information Bridgevine collects about you at our websites, and the subdomains thereof (the "Sites" or "Websites") is used to administer the Website and to provide information to Website visitors about the Site’s various services and tools, and to provide general news, information, entertainment and ecommerce capability. Bridgevine, together with Bridgevine partners and operators, are collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we," "us," "our" or other similar pronouns, or "Bridgevine."
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to your use of the Website, whether accessed through mobile or desktop applications, or otherwise. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Privacy Policy does not govern Bridgevine’s treatment of information it collects and receives about you other than through this Website, for example in connection with any other services provided to you by Bridgevine.
This Privacy Policy covers how Bridgevine treats information that Bridgevine collects and receives about you via this Website, or in email, text or other electronic messages between you and the Website, and including the personal information we collect through the various features, services, and software that we use to provide the Site to you. It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application, feature, service, software or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website. If you choose to take advantage of any third party offerings, you should read the privacy policies of such third parties.
How Does Bridgevine Collect and Use Information About You?
The information learned from this Website's users will help Bridgevine provide an enhanced online experience for its subscribers. Bridgevine tracks certain information about users (as further described below), including, but not limited to, the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider (e.g., Bridgevine Internet). By having this information, Web pages optimized for a particular visitor's preferences are automatically made available to that visitor.
Personally identifiable data (as further described below) about visitors to this Site are collected by Bridgevine, for example, when users register or subscribe for newsletters, accounts or features, change services or service settings on our Website, make online purchases, enter sweepstakes and contests, complete surveys, contribute to a chat room, message board, blog, or other similar open forum on our Website, submit a comment or question to us using a "contact us" or similar feature on our Website, or send us an email, or in any other way submit personal information to us via our Website.
	We may use your personally identifiable information to send you notices (for example, in the form of emails, mailings, and the like), and otherwise correspond with you, about products, services, companies and events, sponsored by us and others, that we think might interest you, unless you choose to opt-out of these mailings (as described below).
Bridgevine sites (other than this Site), as well as any other third party sites linked to from this Site, may each have different privacy policies and practices. Bridgevine is not responsible for the information practices of non-Bridgevine sites, or channels or areas of this Site, that are operated by third parties. You should carefully review these other privacy policies in order to determine how each third party may use any personal information you provide.?
Choice/Opt-Out
Bridgevine does send product marketing email. We use your email address which may be entered for service qualifying order placement or via other email capture methods. Any email communication that you receive from Bridgevine, contains a prominent "Opt Out" link in the body of the email. By clicking on the "Opt-Out" link, you will have removed your email address from our mailing list, and you will not receive any further product marketing communications from Bridgevine.
This site gives users the following options for notifying Bridgevine of their choice not to receive future communications from us or our partners; or to no longer receive our service.

								1. You can send email Remove@Bridgevine.com.
Please note that email must be sent from the email of record on the account.
								2. You can send mail to the following postal address:
								Bridgevine
								2770 Indian River Blvd., Suite 400
								Vero Beach, FL 32960 

Here are the types of information Bridgevine gathers and how this information is used:
Website Usage Information
Bridgevine receives and stores certain types of website usage information whenever you interact with and navigate through our Website. Here are the types of website usage information Bridgevine gathers and how it is used.
Cookies
We may use "cookies" to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser or related software from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies track where you travel on our Website and what you look at and purchase. They may store, for example, the information in your shopping cart, and/or your username and/or password. All of these purposes serve to improve and personalize your experience on our Website.
Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player can be set to reject or delete Flash cookies (technically known as Flash “local shared objects”). However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Website or certain areas or features of the Website.
Clear GIFs
We may use "clear GIFs" (aka "Web beacons" or "pixel tags") or similar technologies, in the Website and/or in our communications with you, for example, to enable us to know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a Web page or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a Web page or message.
IP Address and Clickstream Data
Our server automatically collects data about your server's Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you're on the Internet. When you request pages from our Website, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another site or a search engine); the pages you visit on this Website; the site you visit after this Website; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of Web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Website or a referral site; and other Web usage activity and data logged by our Web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.
Ads and Content displayed to you on the Site may be customized to your interests and preferences, based on your personal information and website usage information, including (but not limited to) non-personally identifying information, which we may obtain from you or from other sources.
	Any or all of these activities with regard to website usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers.
Short Message Service
We may make available a service through which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service (“SMS Service”). If you subscribe to one of our SMS Services, you thereby agree to receive SMS Service messages at the address you provide for such purposes from Bridgevine.
	Your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages, and you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions on the Site or in the message you receive. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device you use to sign up for the SMS Service, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. To use the SMS Service, you must be 18 years of age or older and reside in the United States. You must first register and provide all required Personal Information, which may include, for example, your name, SMS address, wireless carrier and, if fees are applicable to the SMS Service you subscribe to, billing information (either your credit card information or mobile service carrier information if applicable fees will be billed through your carrier). We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of the SMS Service. We will use the information we obtain in connection with our SMS Service in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies.
You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. We may also access the content of your account and/or wireless account with your carrier for the purpose of identifying and resolving technical problems and/or service-related complaints.
Third Party Ad Services and Providers
We may use third-party advertising services companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (generally not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Site and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear gifs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and clear GIFs is generally not personally identifiable (unless, for example, you provide personally identifiable information to them through an ad or email message). We encourage you to read these businesses' privacy policies if you should have any concerns about how they will care for your personal information. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see the Network Advertising Initiative's consumer Website at  http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising.
Personal Information
Bridgevine also receives and stores information that may personally identify you. Visitors to the Website who decide to register or login in order to request a more personalized Website experience, or accept any of the various promotions and other product or service offerings (i.e., security downloads) that may be made available on the Website from time to time, may be asked to enter certain types of personally identifiable information that will allow Bridgevine to provide those promotions and offerings to the visitor. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected include: name, postal address, email address and phone number; Bridgevine account number, CPNI customer code, Website login, user ID and/or password information; social security number; short message service or text message address or other wireless device address; instant messaging address; credit card or other payment information; demographic information and/or other information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. Certain other information collected, such as security questions, may be used by Bridgevine to verify your identity in the event that you lose or forget your Website login credentials.
Does Bridgevine Ever Share Information with Other Parties?
Disclosure of Information to Outside Parties:
Bridgevine will not disclose information about you to any other party except under the circumstances as described below, or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or required or permitted by law:
	Unless you opt-out, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties (such as co-sponsors of our sweepstakes, contests and other offerings).
Bridgevine may share your information with its affiliates, service providers and other third parties that help to operate our business and this Website and deliver the products and services available on or through the Website.
When you contribute to a "public" area or feature of our Website, such as a chat room, bulletin board, blog or other open forum that we may make available on or through our Website, the information that you submit will be made available to other users. For this reason, we recommend that you not submit any sensitive information on these areas of the Site, including your full name, home address, phone number, financial information, or other information that would enable users to locate you.
	Bridgevine provides your information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Bridgevine and under confidentiality agreements to assist in order and rebate fulfillment, and for other purposes to assist Bridgevine. However, these companies do not have any independent right to use, sell or share this information.
When Bridgevine believes it should, it will respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and to establish or exercise Bridgevine’s legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Bridgevine shares information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to Bridgevine’s property or the physical safety of any person, violations of Bridgevine’s terms of use or as otherwise allowed by law.
In the event that Bridgevine, or any affiliated entity, or substantially all of its assets related to a particular geographical region, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, user information may be one of the transferred assets.
Bridgevine may disclose your information in any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
Security
Bridgevine will take steps to protect the security and integrity of all sensitive information provided to this Site. However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password and any Website login or user ID information, and you shall be responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or any person or entity using your password, login or user ID, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website.
In the event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.
Bridgevine online products and services and applications are for the sole use of Bridgevine customers in managing their accounts and the products and services they receive. If you choose to provide access to certain of your account data to third parties Bridgevine cannot be held responsible for any release of account or personal data that occurs as a result of such transmissions or access that you provide to others.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at iso@bridgevine.com.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as S.B. 27, allows our California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosures in the prior calendar year, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either iso@bridgevine.com or Chief Privacy Officer, Bridgevine Inc., 2770 Indian River Drive, Vero Beach, FL 32960 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty days of receipt.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Bridgevine will occasionally update this Privacy Policy at Bridgevine’s sole discretion. Please check the Website frequently to see recent changes. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon posting thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, Bridgevine may occasionally notify you by email about changes to the Website and/or this Privacy Policy, or provide notices of such changes by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Website. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at 
								iso@bridgevine.com.
Do Not Call List Information
Effective October 3, 2003, telemarketing rules went into effect as promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission for the National Do Not Call Registry. If the person has not made a previous request, an outbound telemarketing call still may not be made if the person's number is on the "do-not-call" registry. 16 C.F.R. 310(b)(1)(iii)(B). There are two exceptions to the prohibition against calling a person on the "do-not-call" registry: (1) express agreement, in writing, including the telephone number to which calls may be placed and the signature of that person (which may include an electronic or digital signature), 16 C.F.R. 310.4(b)(1)(iii)(B)(i); (2) the seller has an "established business relationship" with the person and the person has not previously made a specific objection to receiving a call by or on behalf of the seller.
The FTC rules further define an "established business relationship" as including a "relationship between a seller and a consumer based on:… (2) the consumer's inquiry or application regarding a product or service offered by the seller, within the three (3) months immediately preceding the date of a telemarketing call." 16 C.F.R. 310.2(n)(2).
A seller cannot call a person who has "previously stated that he or she does not wish to receive an outbound telephone call made by or on behalf of the seller whose goods or services are being offered." 16 C.F.R. 310.4(b)(1)(iii)(A). 
Last modified: 05/24/16.
© 2016 Bridgevine, Inc. All rights reserved 


Close









×Close
Terms and Conditions


∗Additional charges apply for equipment, installation, taxes & fees, broadcast, sports programming, activation and other surcharges, Directory Assistance, Operator Services, International calls outside of the calling area and other one-time charges. By enrolling in this promotion, customer agrees to be bound by the terms of TWC’s Subscriber Agreement which can be found at http://help.twcable.com/twc_sub_agreement.html. Triple Play offers expire 12/18/16 and are available to residential new and existing Single Play customers.  Triple Play price will increase $20 per month for months 13-24.  After 24 months, regular rates in effect at that time apply.  Lease of at least one Whole House HD-DVR and one WH DVR compatible Set Top Box required. Standard TV for $39.99 available for 12 months; in months 13-24, price will increase to $44.99; after month 24, regular rates in effect at that time apply.  TV offer expires 12/18/16 and is available to current residential Double Play (Internet/ TWC Phone) or Single Play (Internet) customers who sign up for Starter TV; offer may not be combined. After 1 year, regular rates in effect at that time apply. HBO®, Cinemax®, SHOWTIME® and STARZ® premium bundle offer is available to new customers and current Time Warner Cable customers who already have or are adding TV service and a set-top box to their accounts. To qualify, current customers cannot already subscribe to two or more premiums.  The rate for this offer is $29.99 per month for 12 months.  After 1 year, regular rates in effect at that time will apply.  Free Installation applies to Easy Connect Kit through 12/18/16.  Free Installation does not apply to National West and Former New Wave and Former Insight locations.  All services not available in all areas. Not all equipment supports all services. Subject to change without notice. Some restrictions apply. Offers may not be combined.
To receive all TV services, Preferred TV, remote and lease of a Set-Top box are required. Some services are not available to CableCARD™ customers. In some areas, a Digital Programming fee may apply to each additional box.
The Better Guarantee is a thirty-day money-back guarantee that applies to TV, Phone and/or Internet monthly recurring charge and standard installation charge. TWC must receive cancellation request for all eligible services within 30 days after installation. Return of all leased equipment required. Lease of a modem or purchase of a compatible modem required for Internet service. Current compatible modems can be found at twc.com/compatiblemodems. 
TV: HDTV and HD Set-Top Box are required to receive HD service. TWC TV® requires Starter TV, iPad and/or iPhone with iOS 7.0, Kindle Fire HD/HDX and/or Android 2.3 and/or Android 2.3 on smartphones and Android 4.0 or higher and WiFi connection. Start Over® is available on select shows from participating networks.  As a condition of service, you may be required to have equipment for every TV in your home. TWC authorized modem required for in home viewing and minimum 1.5 Mbps connection recommended for out of home viewing. Some functions require compatible Set-Top box or DVR. Programming is subject to availability and the video package to which you subscribe. Not all equipment supports all services. HDTV and HD set-top box are required to receive HD service.
Must subscribe to both Preferred TV and Phone to get Caller ID on TV. Caller ID on TV is not available in all areas. 
Internet: Access to WiFi hotspots is available to customers with minimum Standard or Extreme Internet. Actual speeds may vary. Not available in all areas. Some restrictions may apply.  Some Internet services may include Home WiFi and may require installation charges.
Phone:  Additional charges apply for surcharges, taxes, fees, Directory Assistance, Operator Services and International calls outside of the calling area. [TWC Phone does not include back‐up power and, as in the case with an electric‐powered home cordless phone, should there be a power outage, TWC Phone, including the ability to access 9‐1‐1 services, may not be available. 8-Hour back-up power available for a fee.]
Phone 2 Go App
Phone 2 Go requires TWC Phone service, a TWC ID, a compatible device running iOS 6.0, Android 4.1 or higher and a cellular or Wi-Fi data connection. Phone 2 Go may not be available in all areas. Subject to change without notice. Some restrictions apply.
Time Warner Cable and the eye/ear logo are trademarks of Time Warner Inc. Used under license. HBO GO® and MAX GO® are only accessible in the U.S. and certain U.S. territories where a high speed internet connection is available. Minimum 3G connection is required for viewing on mobile devices. HBO® and CINEMAX® are service marks of Home Box Office Inc. SHOWTIME® and related marks are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., a CBS Company. You must be a subscriber of SHOWTIME® to receive SHOWTIME ANYTIME®.  Showtime Anytime is available through participating TV providers. Showtime Anytime is intended for viewing solely in the United States and its territories and possessions.  STARZ® and related channels and service marks are the property of Starz Entertainment, LLC. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. ©2016 Time Warner Cable Inc. All rights reserved. To order any services not available online, contact us.
For Hawaii Customers Only:
The Better Guarantee is a thirty-day money-back guarantee that applies to TV, Phone and/or Internet monthly recurring charge and standard installation charge. TWC must receive cancellation request for all eligible services within 30 days after installation. Return of all leased equipment required. 
∗ Offers expire 12/18/16 and are available to existing residential customers. By enrolling in this promotion, customer agrees to be bound by the terms of TWC’s Subscriber Agreement which can be found at http://help.twcable.com/twc_sub_agreement.html. Additional charges apply for equipment, installation, taxes & fees, broadcast, sports programming, activation and other surcharges, Directory Assistance, Operator Services, International calls outside of the calling area and other one-time charges. After promotional period, regular monthly rates will apply. You may cancel anytime by calling 643-2337. Free Installation applies to Easy Connect Kit through 12/18/16. All services may not be available in all areas. Not all equipment supports all services. Subject to change without notice. Some restrictions apply. Offers may not be combined.
By participating in the offer, participants agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the decisions of Oceanic Time Warner Cable which are final and binding. Participants are responsible for ensuring that they are permitted, without restriction, to cancel their current service and are solely responsible for any fees, charges or other expenses which may be associated with any such cancellation. 
Oceanic Time Warner Cable reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify, suspend or terminate the offer. All materials submitted in connection with this offer become property of Time Warner Cable and are non-returnable. Forged or fraudulent requests, bills or documents of any kind not obtained through authorized channels will be void. Oceanic Time Warner Cable has no obligation to acknowledge or redeem any requests that are not in compliance with these Terms and Conditions. Invalid or duplicate requests will not be honored.
Some restrictions may apply. All services may not be available in all areas. Oceanic Time Warner Cable reserves the right to discontinue any feature at any time. Rates are subject to change without notice.
Time Warner Cable and the eye/ear logo are trademarks of Time Warner Inc. Used under license. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. ©2016 Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC. All Rights Reserved.
TV: To receive all TV services, Digital TV, remote and lease of a Set-Top box are required. As a condition of service, you may be required to have equipment for every TV in your home.  HDTV and HD Set-Top box are required to receive HD service. Some services are not available to CableCARD™ customers. Some functions require compatible set-top box or DVR. Enhanced Whole House and Whole House DVR services are optional services available for an incremental charge. Lease of at least one additional Whole House DVR compatible Set-Top Box required to receive Whole House service. Actual recording capacity may vary. TWC TV® requires Basic TV, iPad or iPhone with iOS 7.0, Kindle Fire HD/HDX and/or Android 2.3 and/or Android 2.3 on smartphones and Android 4.0 or higher and WiFi connection. Start Over® is available on select shows from participating networks. TWC authorized modem required for in home viewing and minimum 1.5Mbps connection recommended for out of home viewing. Programming is subject to availability and the video package to which you subscribe. Not all equipment supports all services. HDTV and HD set-top box are required to receive HD service. Must subscribe to both Digital TV and Phone to get Caller ID on TV. Caller ID on TV is not available in all areas.
Internet: Lease of a modem or purchase of a compatible modem required for Internet service. Current compatible modems can be found at twc.com/compatiblemodems.  Access to WiFi hotspots is available to residential customers with Extreme Internet or higher. Actual speeds may vary. Not available in all areas. Some restrictions may apply. Some Internet services may include Home WiFi and may require installation charges. 
Phone:  Additional charges apply for surcharges, taxes, fees, Directory Assistance, Operator Services and International calls outside of the calling area. [TWC Phone does not include back‐up power and, as in the case with an electric‐powered home cordless phone, should there be a power outage, TWC Phone, including the ability to access 9‐1‐1 services, may not be available. 8-Hour back-up power available for a fee.] 
Phone 2 Go App
Phone 2 Go requires TWC Phone service, a TWC ID, a compatible device running iOS 6.0, Android 4.1 or higher and a cellular or Wi-Fi data connection. Phone 2 Go may not be available in all areas. Subject to change without notice. Some restrictions apply.
Payments: If you discontinue recurring payments within your first year of service, a $50 deposit will be added to your account. 
Time Warner Cable and the eye/ear logo are trademarks of Time Warner Inc. Used under license. HBO GO® and MAX GO® are only accessible in the U.S. and certain U.S. territories where a high speed internet connection is available. Minimum 3G connection is required for viewing on mobile devices. HBO® and CINEMAX® ®and related channels and service marks are the property of Home Box Office Inc. You must be a subscriber of SHOWTIME® to receive SHOWTIME ANYTIME®. SHOWTIME ANYTIME® is available through participating TV providers. SHOWTIME ANYTIME® is intended for viewing solely in the United States and its territories and possessions. © 2016 Showtime Networks Inc. All rights reserved. SHOWTIME® and related marks are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., a CBS Company.  STARZ Play is only accessible in the U.S. and certain U.S. territories and requires a high speed internet connection (a minimum 3G connection is required to use on an authorized mobile device). The Play services are included with a subscription through participating cable, satellite and telco television providers. STARZ® and related service marks are the property of Starz Entertainment, LLC. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners. ©2016 Time Warner Cable Inc. All rights reserved. To order any services not available online, contact us.


Close





×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Alabama?Select your city.DothanEnterprise Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Arizona?Select your city.Yuma Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in California?Select your city.AnaheimArcadiaBaldwin ParkBeaumontBellBellFlowerBeverly HillsBreaBuena ParkCarlsbadCarsonChinoColtonComptonCoronaCosta MesaCovinaDowneyFontanaFullertonGarden GroveGardenaHawthorneHemetHighlandHuntington BeachIndioInglewoodLakewoodLancasterLawndaleLong BeachLos AngelesMoreno ValleyNewport BeachOntarioOrangeOxnardPalmdalePico RiveraPomonaRiversideSan BernardinoSan DiegoSanta AnaSanta MonicaSimi ValleyTorranceTustinUplandVenturaWhittierEl MonteTemeculaMurrietaRialtoSouth GateWestminsterHuntington ParkPerrisVan NuysLa Jolla Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Hawaii?Select your city.HonoluluWaipahu Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Idaho?Select your city.Coeur d'Alene Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Indiana?Select your city.Terre Haute Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Kansas?Select your city.LeavenworthOverland ParkShawneeKansas City Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Kentucky?Select your city.OwensboroRichmondGeorgetown Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Maine?Select your city.PortlandLewistonBangorAugusta Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Massachusetts?Select your city.Pittsfield Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Missouri?Select your city.Kansas City Lee's Summit Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Nebraska?Select your city.Lincoln Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in New York?Select your city.AlbanyBronxBrooklynBuffaloCoronaIthacaMount VernonNew YorkNiagara FallsQueensSchenectadyStaten IslandYonkersSyracuseRochesterMiddletownJamaicaAstoria Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in North Carolina?Select your city.Chapel HillCharlotteConcordDurhamGastoniaGreensboroJacksonvilleRaleighWilmingtonWinston SalemGoldsboroFayettevilleCaryWake Forest Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Ohio?Select your city.AkronCantonCincinnatiClevelandColumbusWarrenYoungstownDaytonMedinaMentorElyria Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Pennsylvania?Select your city.Erie Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in South Carolina?Select your city.ColumbiaFlorenceSummervilleNorth Charleston Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Texas?Select your city.DallasEl PasoFriscoGarlandGrand PrairieHarlingenIrvingKilleenLaredoLewisvilleMcAllenMcKinneyMesquitePlanoPort ArthurAllenArlingtonAustinBeaumontBrownsvilleCarrolltonCorpus ChristiRound RockRichardsonSan AntonioTempleWacoWichita FallsLancasterDesotoCedar HillCedar ParkMission Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Washington?Select your city.Pullman Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in West Virginia?Select your city.Fairmont Close ×Looking for a great deal on Spectrum in Wisconsin?Select your city.AppletonGreen BayKenoshaMilwaukeeOshkoshRacineWaukesha Close 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Contact Us by Phone, via Chat or In Person at a Store Location
























































Skip To Content




































































Time Warner Cable has merged with Charter Communications. Learn more


















Contact Us





















                    Ask TWC - Virtual Assistant
                







 Go



















Find the answers to questions our customers ask most often, such as:








Can I purchase my own internet modem?








How do I get a new remote control?








How do I make a payment?








What if I have problems logging in?








Where can I replace or return my TWC Internet hardware?
























Choose how you'd like to reach us






Chat with us









Visit Store Locations





 Online Ordering











Troubleshoot your services



Sign in to My Account to check your equipment connection status and use self-help troubleshooting features.
 





Sign In





 
 







Or find answers yourself



Account Help






 
 








Billing & Payments







Email Help







Moving?








TWC ID Support







TWC ID Password Reset








More support topics









 
 





 
 





Popular Solutions






 
 








Lease or Buy Your Modem







Digital Adapter







Internet Troubleshooting







Program Your Remote







TV Troubleshooting







More support topics









 
 





 
 





FAQs






 
 








How can I pay my bill?







How do I make changes to my Time Warner Cable service?







How do I sign in to My Account?







If I am having problems with my TWC Internet service, where can I get additional online help?







View All FAQs









 
 





 
 





















Community Forums

















Go to support overview

















Find a location near you

















Contact us












































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































