

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












   Company Profile | Charter Communications Newsroom            Company ProfileLearn about Charter and its business units. About Charter Company History Quality Products and Services Connecting with Communities 26,000,000Charter customers 41States Charter serves 91,000Charter employeesAbout CharterCharter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR) is America’s fastest growing TV, internet and voice company. We’re committed to integrating the highest quality service with superior entertainment and communications products. Charter is at the intersection of technology and entertainment, facilitating essential communications that connect more than 26 million residential and business customers in 41 states. Our commitment to serving customers and exceeding their expectations is the bedrock of Charter’s business strategy and it’s the philosophy that guides our 91,000 employees.Company HistoryCharter is currently the second largest cable provider in the United States. The company has achieved growth through innovation and acquisitions of cable properties, most recently completing transactions with Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks.The Charter name comes from the founding of Charter Communications, Inc. in 1993 and, while the company has grown and evolved on many levels over the past two decades, our roots take us all the way back to the early days of cable. What started as mom-and-pop businesses with cable strung from hilltops to homes in the late 1940s has evolved into the dynamic cable industry we know today. 1948First cable systems are founded  1951The National Cable & Telecommunications Association (NCTA), the principal trade association for the U.S. cable industry, is founded  1964Newhouse begins operating cable systems with the purchase of its first system in Alabama, branding it NewChannels  1973Warner Communications forms Warner Cable  1979Newhouse forms second cable company, MetroVision, in partnership with former Cox executives  1981Newhouse adds Vision Cable to cable assets  1989Time Warner Inc. forms through merger of Warner Communications and Time Inc.  1992Warner Cable and American Television & Communications (ATC) combine to form Time Warner Cable  1993Charter Communications, Inc. is founded and acquisitions of cable systems across the country begin  1994Time Warner Entertainment and Advance/Newhouse form cable partnership  1998Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen buys a controlling interest in Charter  1999Charter begins trading publicly on the NASDAQ stock exchange under symbol CHTR  2001Charter earns spot on Fortune 500  2003Advance/Newhouse begins operating Bright House Networks with approximately 2.2 million customers in Alabama, California, Florida, Indiana and Michigan  2007Time Warner Cable begins trading publicly on the NYSE  2009Charter completes financial restructuring under chapter 11, emerging as a stronger company under new equity ownershipTime Warner Cable separates from Time Warner Inc.  2012Thomas M. Rutledge is appointed President & CEO of Charter  2013Charter gains Liberty Media as an investor and announces Spectrum brand  2016Charter, Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks combine to form larger, stronger Charter Quality Products and ServicesSuperior, reliable, consistent services that deliver value – that’s our focus. Over the years, Charter has invested billions of dollars in infrastructure improvements, unleashing the power of an advanced, two-way, fully interactive fiber network. By moving to this all-digital network, today’s Charter customers enjoy the most HD TV channels, more On Demand choices and the fastest internet speeds.Charter delivers a wide range of TV, internet and voice services to residential and business customers through the Spectrum brand.Spectrum TV offers more HD than any other provider, DVR service and instant access to thousands of On Demand choices, many in HD. Watch live TV anywhere in the home or download movies and shows to go on mobile devices with the Spectrum TV App or take TV Everywhere with over 60 channel apps to watch on the go.Spectrum Internet provides the fastest Internet speeds available starting at 60 Mbps (100 Mbps in some markets). With Spectrum Internet, customers can simultaneously stream videos, download music and more without sacrificing performance. Charter provides free modems and the fastest, most powerful in-home WiFi to do more on more devices. And because Charter doesn’t limit internet with data caps or extra fees, customers always have the freedom of unlimited internet service.Spectrum Voice is a fully featured, reliable service with unlimited local and long-distance calling plans that include voicemail and other popular calling features like call waiting and call forwarding, plus free 411. Serving approximately 10 million voice customers, Charter is among the largest providers of residential phone service in the nation.Spectrum Business helps small businesses achieve better results by delivering reliable Internet, Ethernet, voice and enhancement solutions. Spectrum Business customers enjoy a wide range of products – from high-quality broadband services to phone systems and top-tier digital TV and music – all flexible to meet the demands of growing businesses.Spectrum Enterprise builds business-to-business solutions with a people-to-people focus, providing the bandwidth and support customers need to accelerate business. Charter’s largest customers enjoy enterprise-grade voice, video, data, network, cloud and managed services via a flexible and secure fiber-based network.Spectrum Community Solutions provide customized, managed WiFi, TV and voice services to residential apartments and other multi-dwelling units via fiber connections. Spectrum Fiber WiFi delivers the fastest, most powerful connection with more bandwidth and no data caps.Spectrum Reach, the advertising sales division of Charter, offers traditional commercial advertising and new interactive solutions for the modern media landscape. Spectrum Reach offers promotional solutions through national cable networks, internet advertising, mobile marketing and events supported by marketing, research and creative services teams.Connecting with CommunitiesCharter is committed to improving communities and impacting lives where our customers and employees live, work and play.Through our national philanthropic initiative, Spectrum Housing Assist, Charter partners with nonprofit organizations to make homes safer and healthier. We engage employees and community volunteers in order to facilitate these crucial home repairs, with the goal of improving 25,000 homes by the year 2020.To learn more about Spectrum Housing Assist and our other philanthropic efforts, please visit responsibility.spectrum.com. © 2017 Charter CommunicationsTerms of ServicePrivacyPolicyInvestor RelationsContacts 

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Time Warner Inc (TWX.N)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Time Warner Inc (TWX.N)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerEntertainment Production












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				TWX.N on New York Stock Exchange


				102.73USD
4:04pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.47


					            (-0.46%)
					        






Prev Close

$103.20


Open

$103.00




Day's High

$103.34


Day's Low

$102.71




Volume

680,665


Avg. Vol

836,022




52-wk High

$103.34


52-wk Low

$74.27












					Full Description



Time Warner Inc., incorporated on February 4, 2000, is a media and entertainment company. The Company operates through three segments: Turner, which consists of cable networks and digital media properties; Home Box Office, which consists of premium pay television and over the top (OTT) services and premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally, and Warner Bros., which consists of television, feature film, home video, and videogame production and distribution. The Company also holds interests in companies that operate broadcast networks.The Company holds interest in Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (CME), which is a broadcasting company that operates television networks in Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Romania, the Slovak Republic and Slovenia. The Company has an interest in The CW broadcast network (The CW), which includes a lineup of advertising-supported original programming, such as The 100, Arrow, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, DC's Legends of Tomorrow, The Flash, Frequency, iZombie, Jane the Virgin, No Tomorrow, The Originals, Reign, Riverdale, Supergirl, Supernatural and The Vampire Diaries, as well as a block of advertising-supported programming. The CW also operates CW Seed, The CW's digital-only platform for original programming, which is available online and on mobile devices.TurnerThe Company's Turner segment creates and programs branded news, entertainment, sports and kids multi-platform content for consumers around the world. As of December 31, 2016, Turner operated more than 175 channels. In the United States, its networks and related businesses and brands include TNT, TBS, Adult Swim, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, Turner Sports, Bleacher Report, the NBA and NCAA digital properties, Cartoon Network, Boomerang, CNN, the CNN digital network, HLN and iStreamPlanet. Turner's programming is distributed by cable system operators, satellite service distributors, telephone companies and other distributors, and is available to subscribers of the affiliates for viewing on television, through streaming online and on mobile devices through Turner's digital properties and services provided by affiliates, and on-demand on-television through Turner's digital properties and affiliates' digital video-on-demand (VOD) services. Some of Turner's programming is also available through subscription video-on-demand (SVOD) and other OTT services.Turner's digital properties consist of its own digital properties and those it manages and/or operates for sports leagues where Turner holds the related programming rights. Turner's CNN digital network is the digital news destination and Turner's Bleacher Report is the digital sports destination across Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Turner's other digital properties include its applications for CNN, TBS, TNT, Adult Swim and Cartoon Network, which enable viewers who subscribe to those networks through an affiliate to view the network programming live and on-demand through the applications, as well as tntdrama.com, TBS.com, adultswim.com and cartoonnetwork.com. Digital properties Turner manages and/or operates for sports leagues, including NBA.com, the NBA application, NCAA.com, the NCAA March Madness Live application and PGA.com.Turner's domestic entertainment networks provide a blend of original series, acquired series and movies, sports and reality programming. Turner's TBS, TNT and Adult Swim are primetime advertising-supported cable networks among adults 18-49 in the United States, and Adult Swim is the advertising-supported cable network in total day among adults 18-34 in the United States. Turner has made investments in sports programming and motion pictures that air on its entertainment networks, including licensing the cable network television rights to popular films from franchises, such as Warner Bros.' franchise films based on DC Entertainment characters and the Star Wars, Marvel Comics and The Hunger Games film franchises, all of, which airs exclusively on TBS and TNT.TNT is focused on distinctive dramas and is home to syndicated series and a roster of original series, as well as sports and network premiere motion pictures. TNT's returning original series include The Last Ship, The Librarians and Major Crimes, and its new original series include Animal Kingdom and Good Behavior. TNT's syndicated series include Bones, Castle, Charmed, Grimm and Supernatural. The network's upcoming slate includes various new original dramas, including The Alienist, Claws and Will, many of which are co-produced and co-owned by Turner. TBS is focused on comedies aimed at a younger audience, with a roster of original series, as well as sports and acquired television series and movies. TBS' returning original series include American Dad, Angie Tribeca, The Detour and Wrecked, and its original series include The Guest Book, People of Earth and Search Party. Syndicated series for include 2 Broke Girls, The Big Bang Theory, Family Guy, Friends, New Girl and Seinfeld.Adult Swim is an evening and overnight block of programming airing on Turner's Cartoon Network. Adult Swim is aimed at millennial audiences and offers original and syndicated animated and live-action comedy programming. Adult Swim's original series include Black Jesus, Check It Out with Dr. Steve Brule, Dream Corp, LLC, The Eric Andre Show, Infomercials, Mike Tyson Mysteries, Mr. Pickles, Rick & Morty, Robot Chicken, Samurai Jack, Squidbillies, Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell and The Venture Bros. truTV focuses on comedy-driven reality and scripted series aimed at young adult audiences with the tag line Funny because it's tru. truTV's returning original series include Adam Ruins Everything, Billy on the Street, The Carbonaro Effect, Fameless, Hack My Life, Impractical Jokers and its first scripted series (Those Who Can't), and its new original series include Greater Ever, I'm Sorry, Jon Glaser Loves Gear, Talk Show the Game Show and Upscale with Prentice Penny.Turner Classic Movies is a network that presents classic films from various film libraries in the world. Turner Classic Movies also offers interviews, original documentaries, specials and regular programming events that include The Essentials, 31 Days of Oscar and Summer Under the Stars. Outside the United States, Turner owns and/or operates regional entertainment networks, providing a range of programming, such as motion pictures and series, documentaries, fashion and lifestyle content, music videos, sports and travel. In Latin America, Turner is the provider of multichannel television in the region, and owns and operates regional entertainment networks, including Glitz, HTV, I-Sat, MuchMusic, Space, TBS, TCM, TNT, TNT Serie, truTV and Warner TV. Turner also owns and operates Chilevision, a free-to-air television broadcaster in Chile, and Esporte Interativo, a Brazilian linear television channel and OTT service that airs sports programming, including programming from South American and European soccer leagues. Turner also operates several regional entertainment networks in Europe and the Middle East, including TCM, TNT, TNT Comedy, TNT Serie, TNT Film and truTV. In Asia, Turner operates various regional entertainment networks, including Oh!K, TCM and Warner TV in Hong Kong, HBO South Asia and WarnerTV in India, Oh!K, TCM, truTV and Warner TV in Indonesia and Singapore, and MondoTV and Tabi Channel in Japan.Turner Sports produces sports programming and content for Turner's TNT, TBS, and truTV networks and related digital properties. Turner's sports programming features licensed programming from the National Basketball Association (NBA), Major League Baseball (MLB), The National Collegiate Athletic Association (the NCAA) for the Men's Division I Basketball Tournament and the Professional Golfers' Association (PGA). NBA games and PGA tournaments air on the TNT network, and MLB games air on the TBS network. Turner also operates NBA TV, an advertising-supported cable network owned by the NBA that features NBA exhibition, regular season and playoff games and related programming. The NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament games air on the TNT, TBS and truTV networks, and on the CBS network. Turner Sports operates bleacherreport.com, which is an online and mobile sports property that provides team-specific sports content and real-time event coverage, and provides Turner with cross platform programming. Turner also manages and operates NCAA.com, NCAA March Madness Live, which provides live and on-demand streaming video of games, NBA.com, which provides live streaming of games, and PGA.com.Its Cartoon Network and Boomerang offers original animated and live-action entertainment targeted at kids in the United States and in international territories. Cartoon Network's original animated series include Warner Bros.' Be Cool, Scooby Doo! and Teen Titans Go!, as well as Adventure Time, The Amazing World of Gumball, Clarence, Steven Universe, Uncle Grandpa and We Bare Bears. Boomerang offers new original content from the Warner Bros., as well as classic animated entertainment from the Warner Bros., Hanna-Barbera, MGM and Cartoon Network libraries, such as The Flintstones, The Jetsons, Pink Panther, Tom and Jerry and Yogi Bear. Boomerang is offering series, such as Bunnicula, New Looney Tunes and The Tom and Jerry Show from Warner Bros., as well as Inspector Gadget and Mr. Bean.CNN is the cable television news service. Turner focuses on maintaining CNN's involvement in around the world breaking-news and political coverage. CNN's news programs include Anderson Cooper 360 degrees, CNN Tonight with Don Lemon, Erin Burnett OutFront, New Day and The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer. CNN's original series include Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown, Believer with Reza Aslan, Declassified: Untold Stories of American Spies, Finding Jesus, The History of Comedy, Morgan Spurlock Inside Man, This is Life with Lisa Ling and United Shades of America with W. Kamau Bell. As of December 31, 2016, CNN Worldwide had a portfolio of more than 20 news and information services across cable, satellite, radio, wireless devices and the Internet in more than 200 countries and territories. CNN Worldwide's networks and businesses include CNN U.S., CNN International, CNN en Espanol, CNNj, CNN.com, CNN Airport Network, CNN Radio, CNN Newsource and HLN. HLN is a CNN network that focuses on news, information, videos and talk shows. HLN's programs include How It Really Happened with Hill Harper, MichaeLA, Morning Express with Robin Meade, On the Story with Erica Hill and Primetime Justice with Ashleigh Banfield.Home Box OfficeHome Box Office owns and operates multichannel premium pay television services, HBO and Cinemax. Its businesses consist principally of premium pay television and OTT services domestically and premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally, as well as home entertainment and content licensing. Home Box Office offers programming, and it continues to invest in a diverse roster of programming and make its programming available to consumers on a range of devices and platforms to enhance the appeal of its products and services. In the United States, its programming and services are distributed in various ways. HBO and Cinemax programming is available to subscribers of traditional affiliates for viewing live and on demand on television and various Internet-connected devices. Home Box Office operates HBO NOW, a domestic stand-alone OTT service that is distributed by digital distributors, such as Apple, Google, Amazon and Roku, as well as by some affiliates. Home Box Office also sells its original programming in both physical and digital formats and licenses some of its library programming to the Amazon Prime SVOD service.HBO's original programming features dramatic and comedy series, such as Game of Thrones, Girls, Silicon Valley, Veep and Westworld, as well as talk shows and political satire, such as Last Week Tonight with John Oliver and Real Time with Bill Maher, HBO films, such as All The Way and Confirmation, mini-series, such as The Night Of, boxing matches and other sports programming, documentaries, such as A Girl in the River: The Price of Forgiveness and Everything is Copy, and comedy and music specials. It has premiered seven new series: Animals, Divorce, High Maintenance, Insecure, VICE News Tonight, Vice Principals and Westworld. It has also premiered The Young Pope and Big Little Lies and focuses on premiere additional new series, including The Deuce.Warner Bros.Warner Bros. is a television and film studio. Its businesses consist of the production, distribution and licensing of television programming and feature films and the distribution of home entertainment product in both physical and digital formats, as well as the production and distribution of videogames and consumer product and brand licensing. Warner Bros. has increased its production of new forms of content, including short-form online and mobile content, and has launched new direct-to-consumer offerings, such as OTT services. It is the producer of primetime television series for the United States broadcast networks. As of December 31, 2016, Overall, Warner Bros. had produced 75 television series in the United States. In addition, Warner Bros. licensed its United States programming in over 190 countries, as of December 31, 2016.Warner Bros. is the videogame publisher among television and film studios, built on key brands and franchises. As of December 31, 2016, Warner Bros.' content library consisted of more than 80,000 hours of programming, including over 7,000 feature films and 5,000 television programs consisted of tens of thousands of individual episodes. Its portfolio of brands include DC Entertainment's brands (DC Comics, Vertigo and MAD Magazine), as well as the Looney Tunes and Hanna-Barbera brands. DC Comics' characters include Batman, the Flash, Green Arrow, Superman and Wonder Woman, while Warner Bros.' other characters include Bugs Bunny, Harry Potter, Scooby-Doo and Tom and Jerry. Warner Bros. is focused on expanding its brands and characters across all its businesses, including film, television programming, videogames and consumer products.Warner Bros. is a leader in the global television production and distribution business. Warner Bros. develops, publishes and distributes videogames, including mobile and console games. As of December 31, 2016, it released 12 videogames, including Batman: Arkham VR, LEGO Marvel's Avengers and Mortal Kombat XL.

» Full Overview of TWX.N







					Company Address



Time Warner Inc
1 Time Warner CtrNEW YORK   NY   10019-6038
P: +1212.4848000F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Jeffery Bewkes

32,614,300




							 Howard Averill

20,342,100




							 Karen Magee

--




							 Paul Cappuccio

16,269,300




							 Gary Ginsberg

6,862,980




» More Officers & Directors





					Time Warner Inc News




AT&T executives to run combined company after Time Warner deal

5:59pm EDT 
AT&T executives to run combined company after Time Warner deal

5:41pm EDT 
BRIEF-AT&T reports Q2 earnings per share $0.63

Jul 25 2017 
Democrats take aim at big companies in economic blueprint
| 


Jul 25 2017 
UPDATE 1-U.S. Democrats take aim at big companies in economic blueprint

Jul 24 2017 


» More TWX.N  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerEntertainment Production























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started






















































Time Warner Goes Global (TWX, TWC, AOL, SNE, DIS, CMCSA, NFLX)


















































































 























Topics



What's New



Starbucks Shares Tumble on Fears of Slowing US Growth




FANG Stocks Hit Nasdaq with Major Bearish Reversal


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Free Rider Problem
1. In economics, the free rider problem refers to a situation where some individuals ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters























                Time Warner Goes Global            


    By Will Ashworth | February 7, 2011 — 2:00 AM EST    






Share





















































Fourth quarter results came out February 2, and Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) delivered good news, growing revenues by 8% to $7.8 billion and net earnings 22% to $769 million. The strong finish to 2010 bodes well for 2011. The company's film, television and publishing divisions all increased revenues in the past year. To keep the pedal to the floor, CEO Jeff Bewkes says it plans to continue its global expansion. With Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC) and AOL (NYSE:AOL) distant memories, the content king appears to be a very appealing long-term investment. 
IN PICTURES: Learn To Invest In 10 Steps
Global PushIn the past few years, Time Warner's expanded the HBO brand through joint ventures in Europe, Asia and Latin America. In order to take advantage of the growth in these growing markets, the company is made a concerted effort to take control of these entities. In January 2010, it acquired 100% of HBO Central Europe, a joint venture with Sony (NYSE:SNE) and Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS). In February 2010, it acquired majority control of NDTV Imagine Limited, a Hindi general entertainment channel in India. Earlier deals saw it acquire majority economic control of HBO Asia, HBO South Asia and HBO Latin America. These acquisitions will pay dividends down the road. 
TV EverywhereAs part of its earnings announcement, Time Warner announced its partnership with Comcast (Nasdaq:CMCSA) to allow cable subscribers to watch Time Warner properties such as TNT and TBS over the internet. Its "TV Everywhere" concept will be in 70 million homes by the middle of 2011. Bewkes believes the additional affiliate fees it will receive from Comcast and others (because of the multiple platforms available to watch its shows) will be a major driver of growth in the coming years. More importantly, it signals that people are still willing to pay for television content and while its plans have been slow moving until now, the announcement suggests it will profit nicely.
Video on DemandOn the film front, Time Warner looks to make more money from its Warner Brothers division, implementing "premium" video-on-demand in the second quarter. Its movies will be available a month sooner on cable and the internet, just 60 days after theater release and before DVD release. The cost to customers will be between $30 and $60. 
In concert with this move, the company likely will revisit its DVD distribution agreements with Netflix (Nasdaq:NFLX) and Red Box, both in terms of the time the companies would have to wait to get films and how much they'd pay. It's too early to tell what this means to the bottom line but you have to give it credit for pushing the envelope. It's about time movie companies got aggressive.
ValuationBen Graham had a rule that he wouldn't look at any company whose current price-to-earnings ratio (three-year average) multiplied by its price-to-book was higher than 22.5. Time Warner's current product, using a two-year average instead of three due to large losses in 2008, is 18.8, well within the conservative investor's guideline. So too are its P/S and P/CF. 
With a 2.4% yield and its entire business performing well, I see a stock that's trading below its future potential value. (The DCF method can be difficult to apply to real-life valuations. Find out where it comes up short. Check out Top 3 Pitfalls Of Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.)
Use the Investopedia Stock Simulator to trade the stocks mentioned in this stock analysis, risk free!









  






 









STOCKS: 
TWX, TWC, AOL, SNE, DIS, CMCSA, NFLX 



































      Trending
    



The Trump Economy: News and Analysis




Announcing the Top 100 Most Influential Financial Advisors




Who is Anthony Scaramucci?




Why Retiring on 70% of Your Income Might Be Tough




Investopedia's Guide to Impact Investing















Trading Center















Partner Links



















Want to learn how to invest?
Get a free 10 week email series that will teach you how to start investing.
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.









No thanks, I prefer not making money.



























 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy

























