

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















William Todd Tindell - Panama City, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William Todd Tindell in Panama City, FL


William Todd Tindell

                                                                           Intelius found that William Todd Tindell  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Panama City, FL.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Todd  Tindell


Get Report Now

Age

William Todd Tindell is in his 50s

William Has Lived In

Panama City, FL
Tallahassee, FL

William's Relatives

Lisa Tindell
Laurie Tindell
Whitney Tindell







William Todd Tindell



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President and Senior Land Surveyor at Buchanan & Harper Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William Todd Tindell
Get a Criminal Check on William Todd Tindell
Get a Public Record Report on William Todd Tindell
Get a People Search Report on William Todd Tindell


William Todd Tindell's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William Todd Tindell has lived as well as William Todd Tindell's phone numbers and email addresses.




William Todd Tindell Has Lived in 1 States
Florida Address for William Todd Tindell


8941 S M***** R* 

Panama City, FL


Has Lived In

Panama City, FL
Tallahassee, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William Todd Tindell

(904) ***-**** - Panama City, FL 
(904) ***-**** - Panama City, FL 
(904) ***-**** - Panama City, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William Todd Tindell



Get Email Report




William Todd Tindell's Professional Information
Information regarding William Todd Tindell's professional history.  Find out previous places William Todd Tindell has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William Todd Tindell Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Buchanan & Harper Inc
               Title: Vice President and Senior Land Surveyor
William Todd Tindell's Experience
Title: Vice President and Senior Land Surveyor
               Company: Buchanan & Harper Inc
Job Details
               Established in 1962, Buchanan & Harper, Inc., a Florida Corporation, is a multi-discipline consulting firm serving clients in both the public and private sector. The firm offers civil/environmental engineering, land planning, surveying and landscape architecture services. With a keen awareness of clients' concerns for project economy and profit, Buchanan & Harper balances planning and performance goals with regulatory concerns to provide a quality product which expresses our personal commitment to the industry.
Additional Professional Information on William Todd Tindell

 See William Todd Tindell's LinkedIn Profile



William Todd Tindell's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William Todd Tindell


William Todd Tindell's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William Todd Tindell's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Tindell
Username Matches

                  WilliamTindell
                  TindellWilliam
                  William.Tindell
                  Tindell.William
                  William_Tindell
                  Tindell_William
                  William-Tindell
                  Tindell-William
                  WTindell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Tindell







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













William Tindell, Container Store Group Inc/The: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





William "Kip" Tindell

Co-Founder,
Container Store Group Inc/The






Career History




Co-Founder
Container Store Group Inc, 7/2016-PRESENT


CEO/Co-Founder
Container Store Group Inc, 8/2007-7/2016


First Vice Chairman/Treasurer
Natl Retail Federation, 1/2013-1/2015


Second Vice Chairman
Natl Retail Federation, UNKNOWN-1/2013


Co-Founder
Container Store Group Inc, 1978-8/2007


President/COO/Co-Founder
Container Store Group Inc, 2005-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.containerstore.com






Corporate Information
Address:

500 Freeport Parkway
Suite 100
Coppell, TX 75019
United States


Phone:
1-972-538-6000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.containerstore.com











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Baylor Healthcare Systems Foundation


Board Member, PRESENT




Conscious Capitalism Inst


Board Member, PRESENT




Conscious Capitalism Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Container Store Group Inc


Chairman, 8/2007-PRESENT




Whole Foods Market Inc


Board Member, 11/2008-5/2017




Natl Retail Federation


Chairman, 1/2015-1/2017




Natl Retail Federation


Vice Chairman, 1/2013-1/2015




Natl Retail Federation


Vice Chairman, UNKNOWN-1/2013




Container Store Group Inc


Board Member, 7/1978-8/2007



Show More





Other Memberships




Dallas Arboretum  Ceo Advisory Council 


Member




Dallas Salesmanship Club


Member




Retailing Hall of Fame


Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Tindell's Building Materials | Lumber | Millwork | Trusses | Kitchen Cabinets | Knoxville, TN




















Home 



Home 



Products


 

 

 








Locations


 

 

 

 

 








Services


 

 

 

 

 





About Us
Contact Us











Tindell's Building Materials
We are your  full service provider supplying truss to trim
Our mission is to provide consistently high quality products and service to our customers through innovation, efficiency and integrity.




Featured Products

Tejas Manufactured Stone Products
We now stock high quality Tejas Manufactured Stone products. With 11 styles in 47 colors we can meet all your cultured stone needs. Displays are in our contractor stores and samples are available. We also offer installation. More information


News And Events

Tindell's Recognized As One Of Area's Oldest Companies
Tindell's founder, Fate Tindell, escaped the Great Depression with his Halls sawmill, founded in   1907, intact but staggered.
					    The fourth generation to run Tindell's Building Materials has survived the recent Great Recession even though the construction industry virtually ground to a halt.
SHARP Award
Tindell's Truss plant has been awarded TOSHA's prestigious SHARP award for the 9th consecutive year.  We are very proud of this accomplishment and will continue to keep safety a top priority and Tindell's a safe place to work.


						Tindell's Garage Doors
Visit 
						TindellsGarageDoors.com for new garage door 
						installation and for our garage door repair service in 
						Knoxville, TN and greater East Tennessee area.  












Conveniently Located To Serve You


Knoxville
                            7751 Norris Freeway
                            (865) 925-9217
Maryville
                            733 William Blount Drive
                            (865) 977-6800


Cleveland
                        	205 20th Street, S.E.
                            (423) 476-5501
Sevierville
                            140 Industry Drive
                            (865) 429-3229


Morristown
                        	106 S. Sugar Hollow Rd.
                            (423) 307-5765
Truss
                        	2644 Byington Solway Rd.
                            (865) 691-6505










Let us help you ...
Save Money On Rising Utility Bills
Tindell’s is a member of the TVA Quality Contractor Network. Schedule an In-Home Energy Evaluation through TVA. Upon completion of the audit, choose Tindell’s to complete your improvements from added insulation to replacement windows. Start today with the TVA In-Home Energy Evaluation Program.Request More Info
With Your State Residential Building Permit
Tindell’s can help you with your State Residential Building Permit. For more information about requirements for a Residential Building Permit check the TN Government site for Residential Building Codes Enforcement.Request More Info
Build your next home Energy Star compliant
Tindell’s is an Energy Star Partner and now has two employees that are HERS (Home Energy Rating System)   Certified.Request More Info




 









 

Home
Products
Locations
Services
About Us
Contact Us

© Tindell's, Inc. All Rights Reserved













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Tindell William E Iv - Angleton | Electricians in Angleton TX









































Let us find electrical professionals for you.



















Select a Project
Additions and Remodels
Appraisers and Home Inspectors
Architects
Asbestos
Basement Waterproofing
Bathroom Remodeling
Cabinets
Cabinets and Countertops
Carpentry
Carpet
Carpet Cleaning
Chimney Sweeping
Cleaning
Concrete
Concrete and Masonry
Cooling
Countertops
Custom Homes
Decks and Porches
Decorators and Designers
Demolition
Doors
Drywall
Dumpster Rental
Electrical
Engineers
Fences
Flooring
Foundations
Garage Doors
Gutters
Handyman
Heating
Home Appraisals
Home Inspections
Home Security
HVAC
Insulation
Junk Removal
Kitchen Remodeling
Landscaping
Locksmiths
Masonry
Mold
Mold, Asbestos and Toxic Materials
Painting
Pest Control
Plumbing
Portable Toilets
Pressure Cleaning
Rental Services
Roofing
Siding
Small Projects and Repairs
Solar Energy
Sunrooms
Swimming Pools
Tile Work
Toxic Materials
Tree Service
Walls
Water Damage Restoration
Window Cleaning
Windows




LOG IN
SIGN UP
BECOME A PRO














Home


>



Electrical


>



TX


>



Electrical Angleton


 






Follow




Is this your business? Claim your business





Tindell William E Iv

2125 E Mulberry St Trlr 88 - Angleton TX 77515

Be the first to review this business






Angleton, TX 77515
Phone: 979-481-****979-481-811633 (click to view the number)












Electrical Photos




























About the Company

              Top provider for electrical service around Angleton, Brazoria county: Tindell William E Iv. "Tindell William E Iv will get it completed on time" is our company's mission. A complete listing of every one of our company's products and services can be obtained on our company's web site. Wonderful cities to be a homeowner are Angleton, Angleton, Danbury and Lake Jackson. It's always our goal to make sure our shoppers don't really need to freak out about electrical issues. As a rule electrical redecorating is expensive, but it's worthwhile to not over pay. To get a no cost quote now please contact us at 979-481-1633.Tindell William E Iv offers service to the Angleton Texas, Angleton, Danbury and Lake Jackson vicinity. Angleton area has numerous experienced electrical installations and renovating of home theater wiring renovations technicians, so deciding on the right company can be quite a difficult choice. We are a well-known authorized electrical installations small business, fully bonded, licensed and covered by insurance, registered to perform electrical work in the state of Texas. We're located at - 2125 E Mulberry St Trlr 88, Angleton. What exactly does Tindell William E Iv focus on? Our firm's specialty: electrical installations, renovating of home theater wiring renovations, renovations of home theater media center engineering and engineering of domestic AC/DC panels. Making a choice which electrical installations and renovating of home theater wiring renovations company to employ ought to be the number one aspect to consider for property owners before beginning the task.
            







License Information


Number:
AE-211691


Type:
Electrical Apprentice


Status:
Active


Issued on:
0000-00-00




Additional Information


Services Offered:
Electrical 




Details




Are we a residential contractor?
YES


Are we a commercial contractor?
YES


Do we offer financing?
NO


Do we have emergency service?
YES


Do we accept credit cards?
NO





Find accurate prices for your electrical project in Angleton



Additional Company Information

              Tindell William E Iv - Electricians in Angleton, Texas. The company's license number is AE-211691. License held: Electrical Apprentice.
            


Hours Please call to confirm



MONDAY
TUESDAY
WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY
FRIDAY
SATURDAY
SUNDAY




 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
 8:00am -  6:00pm
Closed
Closed





Reviews





What is your rating of this business?






















Sign in with


















or Pick a name
















                                        Submit 
                                    




                                        I'd rather post as guest
                                    















 Be the first to review this business.










Request Free Quotes





Select a project

Additions and Remodels
Appraisers and Home Inspectors
Architects
Asbestos
Basement Waterproofing
Bathroom Remodeling
Cabinets
Cabinets and Countertops
Carpentry
Carpet
Carpet Cleaning
Chimney Sweeping
Cleaning
Concrete
Concrete and Masonry
Cooling
Countertops
Custom Homes
Decks and Porches
Decorators and Designers
Demolition
Doors
Drywall
Dumpster Rental
Electrical
Engineers
Fences
Flooring
Foundations
Garage Doors
Gutters
Handyman
Heating
Home Appraisals
Home Inspections
Home Security
HVAC
Insulation
Junk Removal
Kitchen Remodeling
Landscaping
Locksmiths
Masonry
Mold
Mold, Asbestos and Toxic Materials
Painting
Pest Control
Plumbing
Portable Toilets
Pressure Cleaning
Rental Services
Roofing
Siding
Small Projects and Repairs
Solar Energy
Sunrooms
Swimming Pools
Tile Work
Toxic Materials
Tree Service
Walls
Water Damage Restoration
Window Cleaning
Windows



Type your zip code


Continue









Nearby Contractors


Haagensen Vernon


Electrical Maintenance Services


Gregory Lee


Buchanan Electrical Services


Sain Electric Inc


Parten Travis R



About eHARDHAT

                eHARDHAT helps homeowners find great contractors for home improvement projects.
                To get started, browse the best Angleton Electricians, read reviews, find detailed contractor information on individual Electricians in Angleton and request free project estimates.
            


Angleton electrical costsFinding accurate service costs before planning a remodeling project is important for keeping the overall project costs down. Are you looking to install electrical receptacles in Angleton soon? Find accurate Angleton electrical receptacle installation costs right now.Knowing accurate remodeling costs upfront can help you negotiate more effectively with trade professionals and vendors and gauge whether their projects quotes are fair, as compared to your local market costs to install electrical receptacles in Angleton.We work hard to help you make confident decisions regarding which home products and services to purchase, as well as help you identify trustworthy local Angleton electrical receptacle installation contractors. Our goal is to make sure you are able to have quality work completed at a fair price and on time.



Other Contractors in Angleton, Texas
Angleton painting contractor
Angleton handyman
Angleton home remodeling
Angleton carpenters
Angleton air conditioner repair
Angleton roofing contractors
Angleton kitchen remodeling
Electricians Angleton
Angleton bathroom remodeling
Angleton heating repair
Angleton landscapers
Plumbers Angleton
 View other categories


Find Texas  Contractors
Fort Worth electrician
Electrical contractors Plano
Electrician Dallas
Electricians El Paso
Laredo electrician
Austin electrical contractors
Arlington electrical contractors
Electrical contractors San Antonio
Electrical contractors Corpus Christi
Electricians Houston






Follow us


 eHARDHAT on Google+
 eHARDHAT on Facebook
 Twitter @eHARDHAT
 LinkedIn Profile
 Homeowners Blog




View Top Contractors

Sitemap :
A ,
B ,
C ,
D ,
E ,
F ,
G ,
H ,
I ,
J ,
K ,
L ,
M ,
N ,
O ,
P ,
Q ,
R ,
S ,
T ,
U ,
V ,
W ,
X ,
Y ,
Z



Company

Home
Articles
Privacy Policy
Terms
Our Contractor App
Contractor Directory
Careers
FAQ
Affiliates
Contact us



























        © 2017 eHARDHAT - All Rights Reserved.
      






            Member of the  homeyou network.
          









Help your friends find the best local contractors, like our page!




No thanks, I’m just looking.
                















Here's Prince William Goofing Off with His Cousin PHOTOS | Time.comNewsfeedSearchSearchSign InSenateVulnerable GOP Senators May Pay A Price For Obamacare VotePoliticsObamacare SurvivesCOMPARECARDSSPONSOREDWhite HouseJeff Sessions Wants to Mend His Tattered Relationship With President TrumpPrince William, Duke of Cambridge plays chase with Mia Tindall as they attend the Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy Match during the Gloucestershire Festival of Polo at the Beaufort Polo Club on June 11, 2017 in Tetbury, England.Max Mumby/Indigo&mdash;Getty Images Prince William, Duke of Cambridge plays chase with Mia Tindall as they attend the Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy Mat... VIEW MOREMax Mumby/Indigo—Getty Images1 of 5royalsHere's Prince William Goofing Off with His Adorable Young CousinRaisa BrunerJun 12, 2017It was a fine day for a polo match on Sunday at England's Beaufort Polo Club in Tetbury, and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, showed up to put his equestrian skills to use for charity. But the royal also spent some time playing a different kind of game, chasing after his young royal cousin, Mia Tindall, while not on horseback. (Mia is the three-year-old daughter of noted equestrian Zara Phillips Tindall, daughter of Princess Anne, William's aunt. That puts her in line to the throne.)William, father of Prince George and Princess Charlotte, has had plenty of experience spending time with spirited youngsters of his own — and put that knowledge to use during his playtime with the young Tindall, whose dad Mike is a famous rugby player and former captain of the English team. (George and Charlotte, however, didn't attend this event.)During the weekend's Maserati Royal Charity Polo Trophy, the Duke's team unfortunately did not manage to eke out a win against their opponents. They did, however, help raise money for two charities the royal supports: Child Bereavement U.K. and Fields in Trust.It was a busy, equine-focused weekend for William: he also suited up and participated in a rehearsal for Trooping the Colour, an annual military parade celebrating the Queen's birthday, which will take place on June 17.As Colonel of the Irish Guards, The Duke of Cambridge is attending The Colonel's Review for the first time today. pic.twitter.com/vJeD9WOh7C- Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) June 10, 2017Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers© 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved.All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. TIME may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.Sign InSubscribeSearchHomeU.S.PoliticsWorldBusinessTechHealthTIME HealthMottoEntertainmentScienceNewsfeedLivingSportsHistoryThe TIME VaultMagazineIdeasTIME LabsMoneyLIFEPhotographyVideosThe GoodsTIME ShopPress RoomTIME Guide to SleepThe 100 Most Influential PeopleAmerican VoicesFinding HomeLongevity 2017Looking ForwardNext Generation LeadersPerson of the Year 2016Space 2017Top of the WorldSubscribeNewslettersFeedbackPrivacy PolicyYour California Privacy RightsTerms of UseAd ChoicesRSSTIME AppsTIME for KidsAdvertisingReprints and PermissionsSite MapHelpCustomer ServiceFollow TIMEShareShare on FacebookPost on TwitterEmail this storyShare on RedditShare on PinterestShare on LinkedIn


Tindell's Building Materials | Log Home Products

















Home 



Home 



Products


 

 

 








Locations


 

 

 

 

 








Services


 

 

 

 

 





About Us
Contact Us










Log Home Products
We custom make these log products in our Sevierville plant. Our reputation is your assurance of a quality product at a fair price.
  




 Tindell's Unique Field Log



Tindell’s manufactures a unique log called the Field Log. This log has many features that make it desirable for your log home. Round on the outside with a flat inside and a 1 inch ship lap to prevent wind and rain from entering your home; this log is beautiful and practical.   
 
This beautiful home shows our exclusive Field Log and our massive 6x4 railing with coped ends into 8 newels and porch post.
  
Ask us about the Field Log today!



 
 


 Log Siding



 
 
Tindell’s stocks many types of wood sidings and can also run in our mills just about any profile for your home. 
 
 Request more info about our wood sidings and custom profile milling services now!



 
 


 False Corners



 
 
This is an example of round false corners used on a gate house.  It looks just like the real log but is easier to build and less money. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
This 6x8 D-log false corners with 6x8 white-pine siding built on a conventional frame building looks just like real logs with a lot of savings. 
 
Request more info about our beautiful and cost effective corner options.




 
 


 Log Railings



 
 
Photo of the rear of this home shows how the use of the Tindell's standard white cedar railing beautifies this home.  It makes this home not only beautiful but safe also.  We can ship this railing along with installation instructions anywhere in the country.
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Photo of a home with Field log, dove tail corners and our standard white cedar railing with 8 white pine newel post. 
 

 
 
 
 
This photo shows our exclusive SBR Railing (square but round railing).  If you use square porch post, this new railing of ours will be the perfect compliment to your home. It  is made of white cedar and will last many years.  
 
 
Request more info about our log railing products.




  
Also visit our Tindells Log Homes site for more ideas on building log homes with Tindell's products.
 
 
 





 

Home
Products
Locations
Services
About Us
Contact Us

© Tindell's, Inc. All Rights Reserved









