





Product Line - Titan Spine - Interbody Device Fusion and Surface Technology























Titan Spine



home
Surface Technology
Product Line
News and Events
For Patients
About Titan Spine






Product Line





Titan Spine Endoskeleton® Device Warranty
Warranty. Titan Spine, LLC (“Titan”) hereby agrees to provide Purchaser a one-time free  replacement of any Eligible Product if revision surgery is required within the  Warranty Period because of non-union for any reason, other than the failure of  the patient to follow post-operative instructions (including but not limited to  post-operative instructions relating to limitations on physical activity).  Titan further agrees to provide Purchaser a  one-time free replacement of any Eligible Product if revision surgery is  required within the Warranty Period due to clinical evidence of delamination or  the generation of particulate debris during implantation.  
In cases where more than one Eligible Product is implanted into  a single disc space, this Warranty entitles Purchaser to the free replacement  of any Eligible Product implanted into such single disc space upon the  non-union of any other Eligible Product implanted in the same disc space  (except in cases where the failure is due to the patient not following  post-operative instructions), if the revising surgeon determines the  replacement of such Eligible Product is medically necessary. This  Warranty is limited to no more than a one-time free replacement of any Eligible  Product per patient up to two (2) vertebral levels per surgical case. Should  the physician elect to utilize an alternative interbody spinal fusion device  other than that of the Company’s Eligible Product offering, the Purchaser will  receive a credit up to the cost of the replacement device but not to exceed the  amount of the original payment made to the Company by the Purchaser for the  Eligible Product implanted by the physician. The credit will be awarded to the  Purchaser within thirty (30) days written notice by the Purchaser confirming  the completion of the revised surgical case using an alternative interbody  spinal fusion device. 
Claim Procedure. In order to receive the benefits of the Warranty under this Agreement,  Purchaser must, within five (5) days after the revision surgery wherein the  Eligible Product was replaced, (e.g. due to non-union; or due to delamination  or implantation-related particulate debris generation), submit a  fully-completed written claim form to Titan, and must return the revised  Eligible Product to Titan decontaminated by the Purchaser and maintained in a  safe, non-destructive manner. The claim form shall be accompanied by: (i)  the receipt or invoice for the Eligible Product for which replacement is  sought; (ii) a CT scan demonstrating non-union, as determined by an independent  radiologist mutually acceptable to the parties or physical evidence of  delamination or implantation-related particulate debris generation; and (iii) a  written report from the revising surgeon describing the failure and certifying  that the failure was not a result of the patient to follow post-operative  instructions (including but not limited to post-operative instructions relating  to physical activity), and, if Purchaser is claiming warranty coverage for more  than one Eligible Product implanted into a single disc space, certifying that  the replacement of all Eligible Products for which the warranty claim is being  made was medically necessary. Purchaser may request a claim form and  instructions for return of Products from its Titan sales representative, or by  contacting the manager of Titan’s quality control / regulatory department at  (866) 822-7800. In cases covered by the Warranty, the following cost  shall be reimbursed to the Purchaser by Titan within a reasonable period of time  after receipt of invoice:(A) The cost of shipment of the revised Eligible  Product to Purchaser.






                   
				  












© 2014 Titan Spine. 
              All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Contact Us
 






 











Product Line - Titan Spine - Interbody Device Fusion and Surface Technology

























Titan Spine



home
Surface Technology
Product Line
News and Events
For Patients
About Titan Spine






Product Line





The Next Generation of Interbody Devices: Active Participants in the Fusion Process
Titan Spine  offers a full line of interbody fusion devices featuring its  surface  technology.  The proprietary ENDOSKELETON® interbody devices are designed to promote bony  ongrowth, optimize intervertebral stability, allow for increased bone graft  material, and permit excellent visualization on postoperative CT and MRI scans. 
Device  Features:

SURFACE TECHNOLOGY:  Proprietary textured macro surface on the  superior and inferior surfaces provide strong initial bone purchase.  Micro and cellular textures on all surfaces  support multi-axial new bone growth.
UNIQUE  SHAPES:  Enable majority of the  devices to be placed on the apophyseal ring, the strongest portion of the  vertebral endplate, to preserve endplate integrity and reduce the risk of  implant subsidence. 
LARGE WINDOWS:  Devices utilize less  material and feature extremely large windows for excellent postoperative  radiographic visualization and fusion evaluation, as well as increased bone  graft volume.  Furthermore, side windows  allow for additional bone growth in the axial plane, unlike traditional  interbody devices that only allow for cephalad/caudal bone growth.
SIMPLIFIED  SURGICAL TECHNIQUE: The ENDOSKELETON® line of devices is supported by  simple, intuitive instrumentation for easy and consistent implantation. The devices are available in a variety of  sizes to accommodate various patient anatomies.                

Product Portfolio:



ENDOSKELETON® TL
                      For Lumbar Procedures 
ENDOSKELETON® TAS
                      ALIF Interbody Device with Screws
ENDOSKELETON® TA
                      For ALIF Procedures
ENDOSKELETON® TT
                      For TLIF Procedures
ENDOSKELETON® TO
                      For PLIF & Oblique Procedures
ENDOSKELETON® TCS 
                      Cervical Interbody Device with Screws 
ENDOSKELETON® TC
                      For Cervical Procedures







Endoskeleton®  TL


Lateral fusion device for the lumbar spine  
Proximal/Inserter window allows for  post-implantation bone graft packing
Smooth and tapered leading edge permits easy  insertion while maximizing surface technology/bone contact once seated
Center strut aids in accurate placement using  intraoperative fluoroscopy
Heights in 1mm increments enable precise anatomical  fit
Available in fifty-six different sizes to accommodate  various patient anatomies

The Endoskeleton® TL device is indicated for use in  spinal fusion procedures in skeletally mature patients with Degenerative Disc  Disease (DDD) at one or two contiguous levels from L2-S1. DDD is defined as  discogenic back pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history  and radiographic studies. Patients should have received 6 months of  non-operative treatment prior to treatment with the devices. This device is  intended for use with supplemental fixation systems cleared for use in the  lumbar spine. These DDD patients may also have up to Grade I spondylolisthesis  or retrolisthesis at the involved level(s). Patients with non-fusion spinal  surgery at the involved level(s) may be treated with the device. It is  indicated to be used with autograft bone. This implant may be covered by one or more patents and  pending patent applications. For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page.




Endoskeleton®  TAS

ALIF cage option for cases that require additional  fixation without the need for supplemental posterior instrumentation
Features three integrated grit-blasted screws  for immediate mechanical stability; allow for up to 10° of medial/lateral or  anterior/posterior angular variation
Unique texture of both cage and screw surfaces  helps secure device in place upon implantation and helps to prevent screw  back-out 
Available in thirty-six sizes for increased surgeon  choice and improved anatomical fit 

The Endoskeleton®  TAS device is indicated for use in skeletally mature patients with  Degenerative Disc Disease (DDD) at one or two contiguous levels from  L2-S1. DDD is defined as discogenic back  pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history and  radiographic studies. These DDD patients  may also have up to Grade 1 spondylolisthesis or retrolisthesis at the involved  level(s).  Patients should have received  6 months of non-operative treatment prior to surgical treatment with the  device. The Endoskeleton® TAS is indicated to be used with autograft bone. The device is a standalone system intended to be used with  the bone screws provided and requires no additional supplementary fixation. This implant may be covered by one or more patents and pending patent applications. For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page. 




Endoskeleton®  TA

Anterior window allows for additional bone graft  packing after implantation
Indicated to be used with or without  supplemental posterior instrumentation

The  Endoskeleton® TA device is indicated for use in skeletally mature patients with Degenerative Disc Disease  (DDD) at one or two contiguous levels from L2-S1. DDD is defined as discogenic back pain with  degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history and radiographic  studies. These DDD patients may also  have up to Grade 1 spondylolisthesis or retrolisthesis at the involved  level(s).  Patients should have received  6 months of non-operative treatment prior to surgical treatment with the device.  The Endoskeleton® TA is indicated to be used with autograft bone and may be used with  supplemental fixation. This implant may be covered by one or more patents and pending patent applications. For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page. 




Endoskeleton®  TT

Smooth leading nose and edges allow for easy insertion
Available in fourteen different sizes to accommodate various patient anatomies

The  Endoskeleton® TT device is indicated for use in skeletally mature patients with  Degenerative Disc Disease (DDD) at one or two contiguous levels from  L2-S1.  DDD is defined as discogenic back  pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history and  radiographic studies.  These DDD patients  may also have up to Grade 1 spondylolisthesis or retrolisthesis at the involved  level(s).  Patients should have received  6 months of non-operative treatment prior to surgical treatment with the  device. The Endoskeleton® TT is indicated to be used with supplemental fixation  and autograft bone. This implant may be covered by one or more patents and pending patent applications. For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page. 
 




Endoskeleton®  TO

Smooth leading nose and edges allow for easy insertion 
Available in twenty-five different sizes to accommodate various patient anatomies 

The  Endoskeleton® TO device is indicated for use in skeletally mature patients with  Degenerative Disc Disease (DDD) at one or two contiguous levels from  L2-S1.  DDD is defined as discogenic back  pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by patient history and  radiographic studies.  These DDD patients  may also have up to Grade 1 spondylolisthesis or retrolisthesis at the involved  level(s).  Patients should have received  6 months of non-operative treatment prior to surgical treatment with the  device. The Endoskeleton® TO is indicated to be used with supplemental fixation  and autograft bone. This implant may be covered by one or more patents and pending patent applications. For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page. 




Endoskeleton® TCS

Cervical cage with integrated fixation
Features two grit-blasted integrated anti-backout or standard  screws for immediate mechanical stability
Integrated collar prevents screw backout
Screws act independently from the implant to allow for variable  angle screw placement
Zero-profile design prevents disruption to adjacent anatomical  structures
Available in a variety sizes to accommodate various patient  anatomies

The  Endoskeleton® TCS is indicated for use for anterior cervical interbody fusion  in skeletally mature patients with Degenerative Disc Disease (DDD) of the  cervical spine at one disc level from C-2 to T-1. DDD is defined as discogenic  pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by history and radiographic  studies. Patients should have received 6 weeks of non-operative treatment prior  to surgical treatment with the device. The Endoskeleton® TCS is indicated to be  used with autograft bone. The device is a standalone system when used with  Endoskeleton® TCS integrated screws, and when used without the integrated  screws, it requires additional supplemental fixation cleared in the cervical  spine. This  implant may be covered by one or more patents and pending patent applications.  For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page.




Endoskeleton®  TC

Anterior window allows for  additional bone graft packing after implantation

The Endoskeleton® TC is indicated for use for anterior  cervical interbody fusion in skeletally mature patients with degenerative disc  disease (DDD) of the cervical spine at one disc level from C-3 to C-7. DDD is  defined as discogenic pain with degeneration of the disc confirmed by history  and radiographic studies. Patients should have received 6 weeks of  non-operative treatment prior to surgical treatment with the device. The  Endoskeleton® TC is indicated to be used with supplemental fixation and  autograft bone. This implant may be covered by one or more patents and pending patent applications. For details, please visit our Intellectual Property page. 








 
 
Titan ENDOSKELETON® device warranty information                
 
For more information about ENDOSKELETON® cages, please contact Titan Spine.      






                   
				  












© 2014 Titan Spine. 
              All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Contact Us
 






 







Titan Spine, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:29 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Titan Spine, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Titan Spine, LLC designs and manufactures interbody fusion devices for use in the cervical and lumbar spine. The company offers Endoskeleton TL, a lateral fusion device for the lumbar spine; Endoskeleton TAS, a ALIF interbody device with screws; Endoskeleton TA, a device for ALIF procedures; Endoskeleton TT, a device for TLIF procedures; Endoskeleton TO, a device for PLIF and oblique procedures; Endoskeleton TCS, a cervical interbody device with screws; and Endoskeleton TC, a device for cervical procedures. It serves patients in the United States and Europe through its sales force and a network of independent distributors. The company has a strategic partnership with MBA. Titan Spine, LLC wa...
Titan Spine, LLC designs and manufactures interbody fusion devices for use in the cervical and lumbar spine. The company offers Endoskeleton TL, a lateral fusion device for the lumbar spine; Endoskeleton TAS, a ALIF interbody device with screws; Endoskeleton TA, a device for ALIF procedures; Endoskeleton TT, a device for TLIF procedures; Endoskeleton TO, a device for PLIF and oblique procedures; Endoskeleton TCS, a cervical interbody device with screws; and Endoskeleton TC, a device for cervical procedures. It serves patients in the United States and Europe through its sales force and a network of independent distributors. The company has a strategic partnership with MBA. Titan Spine, LLC was founded in 2005 and is based in Mequon, Wisconsin with a location in Laichingen, Germany.
Detailed Description


Mequon Research Center6140 West Executive DriveSuite AMequon, WI 53092United StatesFounded in 2005



Phone: 262-242-7801

Fax: 262-242-7802

www.titanspine.com







Key Executives for Titan Spine, LLC




Dr. Peter Ullrich M.D.


      	Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Kevin W. Gemas


      	President
      








Mr. Mark E. Berg


      	Senior Vice President of Global Operations
      








Ms. Ragan E. Cheney J.D.


      	Vice President and General Counsel
      








Mr. Ted Bird


      	Chief Commercial Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Titan Spine, LLC Key Developments

Titan Spine Names Ed Graubart as Vice President of Professional Development
May 8 17
Titan Spine announced Ed Graubart has joined the leadership team as Vice President of Professional Development. Mr. Graubart will be responsible for enhancing and building the Company’s infrastructure for training and professional development at Titan Spine as demand accelerates for its nanoLOCK surface technology, the only nano-cleared interbody device on the market shown to elicit a nano-cellular level response for bone growth. Mr. Graubart joins Titan Spine from Ceterix Orthopaedics, where he served as Vice President of Sales.


Titan Spine Appoints Ted Bird as Chief Commercial Officer
Nov 14 16
Titan Spine announced Ted Bird has joined the executive management team as Chief Commercial Officer (CCO). Mr. Bird will be responsible for the Company’s global sales, marketing, strategic partnering, and national target accounts. Prior to joining Titan Spine, Mr. Bird was the non-executive Chairman of the Board for ApiFix. Previously, Mr. Bird successfully led and inspired global business units and commercial teams at Orthofix, including roles as President, Spine Fixation Division, Senior Vice President Global Marketing and Senior Vice President, U.S. Sales; Depuy Spine, including roles of Vice President, Field Marketing & Strategic Development and Vice President of Spine Arthroplasty Education; and Medtronic Sofamor Danek, including roles as Vice President, Global Medical Education and Emerging Technologies and Vice President, Marketing.


Titan Spine, LLC Initiates Full U.S. Launch of New nanoLOCK Surface Technology
Oct 13 16
Titan Spine, LLC announced that it has expanded the distribution of its line of Endoskeleton® titanium implants featuring the company’s new proprietary nanoLOCK® surface technology nationwide. The full U.S. launch follows the successful alpha introduction of the nanoLOCK® technology initiated recently in a limited number of sites. The nanoLOCK® surface technology, which is manufactured through a proprietary subtractive process, has received two differentiated government agency designations that highlight its uniqueness within the interbody fusion device market.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      August 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Titan Spine, LLC, please visit www.titanspine.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Titan Spine LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























titan spine llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Devices
Titan Spine LLC manufactures medical device. The Company specializes in design, manufacture and marketing of titanium inter body cage devices such as surface treatment, macro, micro, cellular, postoperative CT and MRI scans.




Corporate Information
Address:

6140 West Executive Drive
Suite A
Mequon, WI
United States


Phone:
1-262-242-7801


Fax:
1-262-242-7802


Web url:
www.titanspine.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Ted Bird


Chief Commercial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Titan Spine, LLC                                                                                                         - Mequon                                            , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Mequon



Surgical Appliances and Supplies



Surgical Appliances And Supplies



                            Titan Spine, LLC
                                    



 





















T 


Titan Spine, LLC                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6140 W EXEC DRV MEQUON MEQUON, WI 53092
Get Directions



(262) 242-7801
www.titanspine.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $2,131,739.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Surgical Appliances And Supplies
 Contacts Kevin W Gemas                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Titan Spine, Llc                                                                                                         was founded in 2006. Titan Spine, Llc                                                                                                         specializes in Surgical Appliances And Supplies. 









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    6 - 13 - 2014
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Titan Spine - The Implant Surface Technology Company - Interbody Device Fusion




















Titan Spine



home
Surface Technology
Product Line
News and Events
For Patients
About Titan Spine



















 Titan Spine Secures CMS New Technology ICD-10 Code" and in sub text "Company's nanoLOCK® surface technology is the only product approved for use of the code.




Titan's proprietary surface technology has transformed the role of the interbody device – now an active participant in the fusion process.




Stand with the Future on Social Media




The Implant Surface Technology Company. Unique combination of surface textures at the macro, micro, and nano levels supports implants stability and increased bone formation to promote fusion. 














SURFACE TECHNOLOGY
            Cellular Animation 





Learn more about Titan Spine's proprietary Surface Technology and how it participates in the fusion process.




ENDOSKELETON® 
            Interbody Cages





Titan Spine offers a full line of titanium interbody devices featuring surface technology for use in the cervical and lumbar spine.



Company News
      


May  8 2017
Titan Spine Appoints Spine Industry Expert Ed Graubart as Vice President of Professional Development 


April   24 2017
Titan Spine Achieves Record Sales in Q1 2017 and Reaches 1,000 Implantations of its nanoLOCK® Endoskeleton® Interbody Fusion Devices Since Launch


November  14 2016
Titan Spine Appoints Spine Industry Veteran Ted Bird as Chief Commercial Officer







 







© 2017 Titan Spine. 
            All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Contact Us
 
























Product / Company Performance | BARE BONES  | ORTHOWORLD


































































ORTHOWORLD







ORTHOPRENEUR







BONEZONE













					Welcome. How can we help? 

Account
Cart
Search
Share









View Cart
Add Items
Help





Personal Profile



LOG IN
View Full Site
MY PROFILE





Advanced Search























Email Signup
ORTHOWORLDProducts


• Membership


      • BARE BONES®


      • ORTHOKNOW®


      • ORTHOFLASH®


      • ANNUAL REPORT®


• Market Intel Reports


• BONEZONE®


• OMTEC®


• ORTHOPRENEUR®




IndustryResources

Regulatory Guidance
FDA 510(k)s
 Registries
Journals/Publications
Meetings/Conferences
Societies/Associations



CompanyDirectories

Supplier / Service Provider
Distributors
Device Companies
Products



News

ORTHOFLASH Archive
What's New
ORTHOWORLD Press
Articles of Interest
M&A Activities
Stock Watch






Download Zone ►





























Strategic Initiatives




Product / Company Performance




Reimbursement/ Regulatory




Research / Technology




Financials




510(k)s



 







Take me to ORTHOKNOW!


BARE BONES content is posted to these pages in real time.
Monthly compilations are available in PDF form.





Aug 2017 Issue







Jul 2017 Issue







Jun 2017 Issue






Product / Company Performance







Titan Spine is offering a warranty for its Endoskeleton® spinal interbody fusion devices, providing a 1-time free replacement of any eligible Titan spinal interbody fusion device if revision surgery is required within the 5-year warranty period, per agreement terms. Endoskeleton® devices feature proprietary implant surface technology, comprising roughened topographies at the macro, micro and cellular levels. This combination of surface topographies is designed to create an optimal host-bone response and actively participate in the fusion process by promoting new bone growth, encouraging natural production of bone morphogenetic proteins and creating the potential for a faster and more robust fusion. (Titan Spine LLC, 9/8/14)









 









About ORTHOWORLD   |   
                Contact Us   |   
                Our Mission   |   
                Customer Credo   |   
                Privacy Policy   |   
                Terms of Service


ORTHOWORLD INC.
8401 Chagrin Road, Suite 18
Chagrin Falls, Ohio 44023 USA
Phone: 440.543.2101 • Fax: 440.543.2122


©1992-2017 ORTHOWORLD
All Rights Reserved.
Site Managed By:
Open Professional Group







 Titan Spine, LLC - orthopaediclist.com          
    
   Established in 2003  Home   |   Articles   |   About Us   |   Advisory Council   |   Staff   |   Contact    Order History Account    Cart Contents (0)  Free Shipping On Orders Over $100           Search Options  Search By Product Name Search by Category Search by Manufacturer    Products We Sell Implant Identification  Browse Implants by Category Submit an Implant Image   Organizations/CME Contact Us       
    Product Showcase  Endoscope Repair Services (Prod 7900 C316.1) View All >>            
 Home» Search Options» Search by Manufacturer» Titan Spine, LLC  
 Titan Spine, LLC      Product Listings for Titan Spine, LLC   Endoskeleton® TA ALIF Device (Prod 9782) The Endoskeleton® TA ALIF Interbody Fusion Device is approved fo ... [more]     Endoskeleton® TAS System (Prod 11639) Endoskeleton® TAS system is an ALIF device with integrated fixat ... [more]     Endoskeleton® TC System (Prod 10677) The Endoskeleton® TC is an interbody fusion device for the cervi ... [more]     Endoskeleton® TL (Prod 1407305) The Endoskeleton® TL Device is a spinal fusion system utilizing ... [more]     Endoskeleton® TT (Prod 9781) The Endoskeleton® TT system is a TLIF device. The product is ind ... [more]    
        
  Home Search for Product Listings Search by Manufacturer   Implant Identification Organizations/CME Add My Company Ask Bones   Policies About Us Advisory Council Our Staff Contact Us   Connect With Us       © 2016 OrthopaedicLIST.com - All Rights Reserved.   OrthopaedicLIST.com will provide a free listing to surgeons who provide identified implant images toImplant Identification. Please help our colleagues identify unknowns. Disclosure: Manufacturers and suppliers pay nominal fees to upgrade their product listings allowing us to make them more useful and prominent.OrthopaedicLIST.com reserves the right to provide this benefit to appropriate medical and other service organizations at no cost.    Payment Processing     
    
 