










 


 



Top Care | Health And Beauty Care































































 























OUR STORY
PRODUCTS
FIND A RETAILER
 





















HEALTH AND BEAUTY CARE
THE CHOICE IS SIMPLE





Our Story
Caring for your family’s health can be challenging at times. Kids come home with colds, aches and pains that arise from sporting activities, and many other unexpected health matters can pop up. As a care giver, you want to know remedies will be effective and available when you need them. And, you don’t want to have to take an extra trip to a special store. That is where TopCare ® can help.
From first-aid to vitamins, over-the-counter drugs and beauty care, TopCare ® has affordable products that are as effective as the big brands, all in your favorite grocery store. Each product is laboratory tested to guarantee its highest quality, so you can get everything you need in one shopping trip and get home to focus on the important things, taking care of your family.












MEDICATIONS & REMEDIES

Cough, Cold & Flu
Pain Relief & Managment
Allergy & Sinus
Digestive Health & Nausea
Skin Ailments
Eye Care
Ear, Nose & Throat Care
Sleep Aids







TOTAL FIRST AID

Bandages
Tape
Cotton Swabs
Hydrocortizones
Gauze Pads
Gauze Rolls
Germicidal Antiseptics
Ice & Heat Packs
Wraps & Braces












PERSONAL CARE

Oral Care
Grooming
Feminine Care
Pregnancy & Fertility
Eye Care
Skin Care







BEAUTY

Facial Skin Care
Cosmetics
Bath & Body
Hair Care
Sun Care












DIET & FITNESS

Weight Management
Vitamins
Protein Powder






Home Health Solutions

Home Tests & Monitoring
Contact Lens Care
Incontinence
Insoles
Wraps & Braces












Baby Needs

Baby Bottles & Nipples
Baby Lotions
Baby Oil
Baby Bathsoap
Baby Powerd
Baby Wipes
Baby Formula





Home Health Solutions

Home Tests & Monitoring
Contact Lens Care
Incontinence
Insoles
Wraps & Braces






Find a Retailer

All
Northeast
South
Midwest
West
International



























































































































































































































































































































 






















































 










































 






















































































































































 










































 



CONTACT
Topco Associates LLC
150 Northwest Point Blvd.
Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
888-423-0139




NameEmail

PhoneYour Message

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.



Top Care®, Top Care Baby®, Top Care Supreme®, and the design marks “Top Care” and “TC” are trademarks or registered trademarks of Topco Holdings, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and in other countries.
©2015 Topco Associates, LLC. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














TKC Topco LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:36 PM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of TKC Topco LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
TKC Topco LLC, through its subsidiaries, provides institutional telecommunications services. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida. TKC Topco LLC operates as a subsidiary of H.I.G. Centric Holdings, LLC.


1450 Brickell Avenue31st FloorMiami, FL 33131United StatesFounded in 2016



Phone: 305-379-2322








Key Executives for TKC Topco LLC


TKC Topco LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Com, Inc. United States 1-800-RECONEX, Inc. United States 123.Net Inc. United States 1800Prepaid United States 186 Communications, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TKC Topco LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































	Who We Are






















 




















TopENet Access























 













 


 



 

















About Us


Who We Are


Governance / Management


Commitment to
            Business Ethics


Contact Us / Consumer Services


Locations / Directions
















 












Who We Are

















About Topco Associates LLC
                        Topco Associates LLC is a privately held company that provides innovative business solutions for its food industry member-owners and customers. Topco leverages the collective volume, knowledge and commitment of these companies to create a competitive advantage in the marketplace by reducing costs and offering winning business-building capabilities. Topco's membership collectively represents billions in retail sales volume with thousands of stores. 

                        Topco provides procurement, quality assurance, packaging and other services exclusively for its member-owners, which include supermarket retailers, food wholesalers and foodservice companies. Topco has no conflicting profit motive because it distributes all earnings back to its member-owners based on their level of participation. 







 





Topco's Mission Statement
Topco's mission is to provide solutions for our owners to profitably grow their business and realize a sustainable competitive advantage in the markets they serve. We drive value and demonstrate leadership by delivering aggregation, innovation and knowledge management solutions. 




 



Aggregation
            Topco is focused on providing solutions that enable our members to profitably grow their businesses. Prominent among these is synergy through aggregation. Aggregation, which we define as the leveraging members' collective product and services needs, common resources and capabilities, provides several specific benefits to Topco members:
            
Pricing: Lower prices through aggregation of volume and knowledge; 
Efficiency: Additional cost and speed-to-market benefits through the elimination of redundant services; 
Leadership: The ability to influence the evolution of industry standards; and 
Networking: The sharing of best practices among non-competing members. 
Aggregation will enable our members to effectively compete against the country's top retailers. 

            Topco will deliver these aggregation benefits through continuous improvement of our business processes; by having the right staff; and using the right information technology. An additional aggregation benefit is provided by the ability of our members to connect with each other through engagement in Topco. In summary, Topco's success at aggregation creates value by enabling common resources and capabilities to become pooled solutions designed to meet the diverse needs of its members. 

Innovation
            We define innovation in three distinct areas: product, packaging and process. In each of these, innovation is not the end goal, but rather an ongoing means to an end. The tangible benefits include:
            
Increasing sales; 
Maximizing margins; 
Creating differentiation; 
Building customer loyalty; and 
Creating leverage with national brands. 

            Product innovation at Topco centers on delivering superior solutions to consumers that make their lives better. It could be the best-tasting yogurt that gives a great sensory experience, a complete meal solution that saves households time and money or a cleaner that removes spots better than any other on the market. Each of our consumer-focused products should provide our members with clear points of differentiation.

Knowledge Management
            A key Topco asset is the deep understanding of its members' products, categories, suppliers and shoppers. Through the efficient and effective management of this valuable knowledge, Topco can buy smarter, provide the right products at the right time and ensure product consistency for our members' consumers. Topco has key experts that support members at each step of the procurement process. For example, the Meat programs have economists on staff who monitor the meat markets and provide our buying team with the latest supply and pricing trends, so each purchase delivers that extra penny-per-pound reduction in cost. Our Qualiy Assurance department's food scientists use their expertise to ensure suppliers provide consistent, quality food that meets or exceeds the highest quality standards. Topco's Produce department has "feet in the fields," inspecting produce as it ripens on the vine or lands at the port. And our Creative Services department's professionals use their branding and marketing expertise to steward brands, communicate "value at a glance," and connect with shoppers at the point of purchase and each time the product is set on the kitchen counter. 

Topco's History
            On September 28, 1944 a small cooperative was formed to supply its members with dairy products and paper goods, allowing them to operate in spite of wartime shortages. Called Food Cooperatives, Inc., the products procured by this organization were sold under the Food Club and Elna labels. Some of the members of Food Cooperatives were also members of another cooperative called Top Frost Foods.

            In addition to supplying frozen foods to its members, Top Frost also had an impressive quality program that set its specifications higher than those of the leading national brands. By early 1950, it was obvious that the two cooperatives were clearly well matched, which resulted in a merger of the two companies in December of that year. This was the beginning of Topco Associates, Inc., as it is known today. Folklore has it that the name "Topco" came from the "top" of Top Frost and the "co" of Food Cooperatives. Some people claim it's an acronym for "top companies." 





















 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 











TKC TOPCO LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











TKC TOPCO LLC
List of persons related to the company TKC TOPCO LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of TKC TOPCO LLC.

CIK Number: 0001688860IRS Number: 812635895Company address: 1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, 31ST FLOOR  MIAMI 33131Phone number: 305-379-23222



People related to TKC TOPCO LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryALBERTA  CHRISTOPHER1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, 31ST FLOOR MIAMIFLPALDINO  CHRISTOPHER1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, 31ST FLOOR MIAMIFLTHEISS  JAMES1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, 31ST FLOOR MIAMIFLZANARINI  JEFFREY1450 BRICKELL AVENUE, 31ST FLOOR MIAMIFL




TKC TOPCO LLC on the Web
Related companiesTKC HOLDINGS, LLC












 














	Member / Owners






















 




















TopENet Access























 













 


 



 

















Members


Member / Owners


Member Testimonials


Member Benefits
















 












Member / Owners












Topco Associates has 49 member-owners that collectively represent more than $170 billion in sales and thousands of stores. The membership includes supermarket retailers, wholesale distributors and foodservice companies. 
A     B     C     D     E     F     G     H     I     J     K     L     M     N     O     P     Q     R     S     T     U     V     W     X     Y     Z 




 
 
Affiliated Foods Inc.
                        Amarillo, TX
                        Affiliated Foods meets the needs of grocery stores and restaurants in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Colorado, Arizona, and Arkansas.
www.afiama.com













 

Alex Lee, Inc.
Winston-Salem, NC
                        Alex Lee is the parent company of Lowes Food Stores, Inc., Merchants Distributors, Inc. (MDI) and Institution Food House, Inc. (IFH). Lowes operates more than 100 stores in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia.
                        www.alexlee.com













 

Associated Food Stores
Salt Lake City, UT
                        Serves nearly 500 grocers in eight western states.
                        www.afstores.com









 

Associated Grocers, Inc.
Baton Rouge, LA
                        Serves approximately 300 independent retail stores in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.
                        www.agbr.com










 

Associated Grocers of Florida, Inc.
Pompano Beach, FL
                        Serves nearly 500 independent retailers in southeastern United States, the Caribbean, Central America and South America.
                        www.agfla.com












 

Associated Grocers of New England, Inc.
Pernbroke, NH
                        Associated Grocers of New England, Inc., is the largest retailer-owned, wholesale grocery Distribution Center In New England.
                        www.agne.com









 

Associated Grocers of the South, Inc.
Birmingham, AL
                        Serves more than 300 independent grocers in Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee and the panhandle of Florida.
                        www.agsouth.com









 

Bashas' Inc.
Chandler, AZ
                        Operates more than 130 stores under five formats in Arizona, California and New Mexico.
                        www.bashas.com










 

BIG Y Foods, Inc.
Springfield, MA
                        Operates more than 60 retail stores throughout Massachusetts and Connecticut.
                        www.bigy.com










 

Brookshire Holdings, Inc.
Tyler, TX
                        Operates more than 150 stores in Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Arkansas.
                        www.brookshires.com









 

C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc.
Keene, NH
                        Provides distribution services to grocery chains and independent stores, delivering to more than 5,000 locations from distribution centers located in 11 states.
                        www.cswg.com










 

Centro Cuesta Nacional, C. por. A.
Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic
                        Operates 22 stores in the Dominican Republic.
                        www.centrocuestanacional.com










 

Certco, Inc.
Madison, WI
                        Distributes to more than 140 independent supermarkets in Wisconsin, Minnesota, northern Illinois and eastern Iowa.
                        www.certcoinc.com









 

Coborn's Incorporated
St. Cloud, MN
                        Operates more than 35 conventional grocery stores and superstores in the upper Midwest under the Coborn's and Cash Wise banners.
                        www.cobornsinc.com









 

The Fred W. Albrecht Grocery Company
Akron, OH
                        Operates more than 15 stores in Ohio under the Acme Fresh Market banner.
                        www.acmestores.com










 
 


Frosty Acres Brands
Alpharetta, GA
                        Formed in 1954, Frost Acres Brands is a national marketing and food purchasing cooperative dedicated to aligning and unifying the sales, marketing and procurement activities of its members in order to produce sustainable growth and member business wealth.
www.frostyacres.com










 

Giant Eagle, Inc.
Pittsburgh, PA
                        Operates more than 215 stores throughout western Pennsylvania, Ohio, northern West Virginia and western Maryland.
                        www.gianteagle.com










 

Golub Corporation / Price Chopper Supermarkets
Schenectady, NY
                        Operates more than 125 stores in Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Pennsylvania and Vermont.
                        www.pricechopper.com




















 

Hy-Vee, Inc.
West Des Moines, IA
                        An employee-owned corporation operating approximately 230 retail stores across eight Midwestern states.
                        www.hy-vee.com









 

Imperial Distributors, Inc.
Auburn, MA
                        Serves more than 2,000 chain and independent supermarket locations throughout the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states.
                        www.imperialdist.com









 

King Kullen Grocery Co., Inc.
Bethpage, NY
                        Operates more than 50 stores in New York under the King Kullen and Wild by Nature banners.
                        www.kingkullen.com










 

K-VA-T Food Stores, Inc.
Abingdon, VA
                        Operates 100 stores in Kentucky, Virginia and Tennessee under the Food City and Super Dollar banners.
                        www.foodcity.com









 

Larroc, Inc.
El Paso, TX
                        Operates more than 66 stores in Mexico and serves the import needs exclusively for S-MART Mexicana.
                        









 

Laurel Grocery Company LLC
London, KY
                        Serves more than 600 independent retailers in Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, West Virgina, Illinois, Indiana and Ohio.
                        www.laurelgrocery.com










 

Lund Food Holdings, Inc.
Edina, MN
                        Operates more than 20 stores in Minnesota under the Lunds and Byerly’s formats.
                        http://lundsandbyerlys.com









 

Meijer, Inc.
Grand Rapids, MI
                        A pioneer of the supercenter concept operating more than 200 stores throughout Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan and Ohio.
                        www.meijer.com









 

Mitchell Grocery Corporation
Albertville, AL
                        Serves more than 250 independent supermarkets in the Southeast.
                        www.mitchellgrocery.com











 

Olean Wholesale Grocery Cooperative, Inc.
Olean, NY
                        To be a partner in the success of our independent retail Members by providing excellent customer service, value, and support.
                        hwww.oleanwholesale.com











 

Oppenheimer Companies, Inc. (Golbon)
Boise, ID
                        A broadline purchasing and marketing group with more than 180 independent food service and convenience store distributor members across the United States. Golbon is a division of Oppenheimer Companies, Inc.
                        www.golbon.com









 

Piggly Wiggly Alabama Distributing Company, Inc.
Bessemer, AL
                        Currently serving more than 270 stores in seven states.  
www.pwadc.net















 

Piggly Wiggly Midwest, LLC
Sheboygan, WI
                        Supplies more than 120 stores in Wisconsin and Illinois.
                        www.shopthepig.com









 

Pueblo Inc.
Carolina, Puerto Rico
                        Operates 22 Pueblo supermarkets stores and a distribution center.
                        
www.pueblo.net










 

Quick Chek Corporation
Whitehouse Station, NJ
                        Operates more than 100 convenience stores throughout New Jersey and southern New York.
                        www.quick-chek.com









 

Raley's Family of Fine Stores
West Sacramento, CA
                        Operates more than 130 stores in northern California and Nevada under the Raley’s, Bel Air Markets, Nob Hill Foods and Food Source banners.
                        www.raleys.com









 

Roche Bros. Supermarkets LLC
Wellesley Hills, MA
                        Operates 18 stores in Massachusetts under the Roche Bros. and Sudbury Farms banners.
                        www.rochebros.com










 

The Save Mart Companies
Modesto, CA
                        Operates nearly 240 stores in California and Nevada under the Save Mart, S-Mart Foods, Lucky and Food Maxx banners.
                        www.savemart.com









 

Schnuck Markets, Inc.
St. Louis, MO
                        Operates more than 100 stores in Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Tennessee, Mississippi and Iowa.
                        www.schnucks.com








 
 
 
                        Southeastern Grocers, LLC
Jacksonville, FL
                        Southeastern Grocers, parent company of BI-LO, Harveys and Winn-Dixie grocery stores, is the fifth-largest conventional supermarket chain in the U.S. and the second-largest conventional supermarket in the southeast based on store count.
www.segrocers.com









 

SpartanNash Co.
Grand Rapids, MI
                        SpartanNash (SPTN) is a Fortune 400 company and the largest food distributor serving US military commissaries and exchanges in the world, in terms of revenue. The Company’s core businesses include distributing food to military commissaries and exchanges, and supplying independent grocery retailers, as well as our corporate-owned retail stores located in 46 states and the District of Columbia, Europe, Cuba, Puerto Rico, Bahrain and Egypt. SpartanNash currently operates 160 grocery supermarkets, primarily under the banners of Family Fare Supermarkets, No Frills, Bag ‘n Save, Econofoods, and Dan’s Supermarket.
www.spartannash.com









 

Stater Bros. Markets
San Bernardino, CA
                        Operates more than 165 full service supermarkets in Southern California.
                        www.staterbros.com









 

Tops Markets, LLC
Buffalo, NY
                        Operates more than 120 full-service supermarkets and five franchise supermarkets in western and central New York and northwestern Pennsylvania.
                        www.topsmarkets.com











 

Unified Grocers
Commerce, CA
                        Unified Grocers is the largest retailer-owned wholesale grocery cooperative in the western United States.
                        www.unifiedgrocers.com











 

United Supermarkets, LLC
Lubbock, TX
                        Operates approximately 50 stores across western and northern Texas under three banners: United Supermarkets, Market Street and Amigos United.
                        www.unitedtexas.com










 

URM Stores, Inc. 
Spokane, WA
                        Services over 160 grocery stores and over 1,500 hotels, restaurants, and convenience stores.
www.urmstores.com








 

W. Lee Flowers and Company, Inc.
Lake City, SC
                        Services approximately 100 stores in the states of South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia.
                        









 

Wakefern Food Corp.
Keasbey, NJ
                        Largest retailer-owned wholesale cooperative in the United States servicing more than 300 supermarkets across nine states in the northeastern market. 
                        wakefern.shoprite.com









 

Wegmans Food Markets, Inc.
Rochester, NY
                        Operates more than 75 stores primarily in New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Virginia and Maryland.
                        www.wegmans.com









 

Weis Markets, Inc.
Sunbury, PA
                        Operates more than 160 stores in five states including Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey, New York and West Virginia.
                        www.weismarkets.com










Back To Top




 




























 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 

















	Locations / Directions






















 




















TopENet Access























 













 


 



 

















About Us


Who We Are


Governance / Management


Commitment to
            Business Ethics


Contact Us / Consumer Services


Locations / Directions
















 












Locations / Directions









		Topco's headquarters is in the Chicago area. This office is the home of the following programs: Grocery, Frozen, Dairy/Bakery, General Merchandise, Health & Beauty Care, Pharmacy, Produce, Branded Meat, Fresh Meat and National Brands. The Produce program has offices in Visalia, California; West Palm Beach, Florida; and Yakima, Washington. The Floral program is located in Miami, Florida. Topco’s Indirect Spend Program is based in Quincy, Massachusetts.



CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
            150 Northwest Point Boulevard
            Elk Grove Village, IL 60007
Phone: (847) 676-3030
Fax: (847) 676-4949 

PRODUCE
            3530 West Mineral King
            Visalia, CA 93291
Phone: (559) 625-0800
Fax: (559) 625-1807 

PRODUCE
            901 Northpoint Parkway, Suite 406
            West Palm Beach, FL 33407
Phone: (561) 616-0056
Fax: (561) 616-1948 

PRODUCE
            3601 West Washington Avenue, Suite 4
            Yakima, WA 98903
Phone: (509) 452-3212
Fax: (509) 452-3242 

FLORAL
            8725 NW 18th Terrace, Suite 411
            Miami, FL 33172
Phone: (305) 418-9170
Fax: (305) 418-9180 

INDIRECT SPEND
            3 Batterymarch Park, 4th Floor
            Quincy, MA 02169
Phone: (866) 255-8922
Fax: (781) 926-6022 

PORTLAND OFFICE
15350 S.W. Sequoia Parkway
            Suite 320
            Portland, OR 97224



























 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 

















	Mainstream Brands






















 




















TopENet Access























 


 



 

















BRANDS


Mainstream


Health & Wellness 


Premium


Basic Consumables
















 












                                          Mainstream Brands





















You can feel optimistic that caring for your family is easier with Food Club®. Since 1945, Food Club® has delivered great tasting and affordable products to your hometown grocer, always embracing the importance of your community. You should never have to choose between great food and saving money — and with over 4,000 items you won’t have to.

www.foodclubbrand.com



 




 

            Do you want to do a Mango Tango at your next party? Take your kids camping in January? Or just settle in with a warm brownie topped with rich, creamy ice cream? Shurfine® can help! We show you how to take the every day and make it fun, delicious and easy. Whatever you do, wherever you are, Shurfine® is there. With our inspired recipes for food and fun, we’re there to help you make every day fun, delicious and easy!

www.shurfineinspires.com


 
 


 

            Tippy Toes is designed to care for every inch of your baby, from the very tips of their toes and up!   Tippy Toes® is the brand parents can trust and be confident that they are buying quality baby care products their child deserves, at prices better than the national brands.

www.tippytoesbytopcare.com


 
 


 

            One of the things you love most about your pet is his energetic, playful personality. And you want to ensure it stays that way. Paws Premium® has the same quality ingredients found in the national brands so you can be sure he’s getting essential nutrients, whether he’s chasing a ball or snuggling next to you. The price is formulated to make you happy too. And to ensure your best bud never gets bored, Paws® offers a wide selection of toys and accessories.

www.pawsforpets.com


 
 


 

            Wiping up a sticky spill. Sweeping up the never-ending dog hair. It comes part and parcel with the joy of everyday life. Simply Done makes handling ordinary tasks and everyday messes simple and easy, without disrupting the cadence of the day. That’s because all Simply Done products have the same quality as a national brand, but are priced less. 

besimplydone.com


 




 
            

Be at ease — time’s on your side™. @ease® understands your busy lifestyle, which is why we provide delicious meals, snacks, and sides in only minutes. With a variety of categories throughout the freezer section, our products are made with quality ingredients at affordable prices that delight your family. We know your time is valuable, so start saving it with delicious and easy-to-prepare foods from @ease®.

mealsatease.com


 
 


 

Life is better frosted and glazed. At Sweet P’s Bake Shop®, we think everyone deserves to indulge — from donuts to red velvet cupcakes. Our affordable, tasty delights are perfect for an everyday treat or a decadent occasion and can be found in the bakery section of your local grocery store. So go ahead — satisfy your sweet tooth with Sweet P’s Bake Shop®.

www.sweetpbakeshop.com

 
 


 

At Buckley Farms®, we take pride in providing big taste for the heart of your meals. We satisfy your hunger with items from whole turkeys, to deli meats and chicken wings. Find Buckley Farms® in your local grocer’s refrigerated meat department, and enjoy the feast!

www.buckleyfarmsbrand.com

 
 




            When you shop for fresh fruits and vegetables, we know you look for vibrant colors, fresh firm fruit, and season-ripened smells. Harvest Club® works with our growers to ensure only the best of their crops are offered in our “club.”  When you see the Harvest Club® label, you will know commitment and care has gone into bringing this fresh produce to your favorite Grocery store’s shelves.
            www.harvestclubfoods.com

 
 


 
Over the Top® offers an extensive variety of professional quality decorating and baking supplies designed to help you create applause-worthy desserts. Wherever your imagination decides to take you, as long as you've got Over the Top®, anything goes!

www.overthetoppartysolutions.com

 
 


 
Cape Covelle Seafood Market™ brings you fresh-off-the-dock taste. From fish fillets to shrimp — our seafood is frozen close to the catch to lock in flavor and quality. With affordable options available at your favorite local grocer, Cape Covelle Seafood Market™ is a great catch!

www.capecovelle.com

 
 



 
At Papa Enzo’s®, it’s our mission to provide a delicious pizza pie for your family table any time of the week! We understand the need for a convenient, fresh-tasting dinner, which is why our tasty take-and-bake pizzas can be found in the deli section of your favorite grocery store.

www.papaenzospizza.com

 
 


 


Whether it’s in the fireplace or on the patio, CharKing® gives you the briquettes, lighter fluid and logs you need for the perfect flame.  Our regular, hickory and mesquite briquettes light fast and burn hot, because no one should have to wait for a hot grill. Great burgers start with great charcoal, so the next time you decide to fire up the grill, count on CharKing®.


Whether it’s in the fireplace or on the patio, CharKing® gives you the briquettes, lighter fluid and logs you need for the perfect flame.  Our regular, hickory and mesquite briquettes light fast and burn hot, because no one should have to wait for a hot grill. Great burgers start with great charcoal, so the next time you decide to fire up the grill, count on CharKing®.

www.charkingbrand.com



 
 

























 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 

















	Topco > Home






















 




















TopENet Access























 



























 


 



 













Spotlight





 





















Latest News





 









Topco Associates, LLC Welcomes Brookshire Brothers as its Newest Member-Owner
            Topco Associates, LLC announced today that the Lufkin, Texas-based Brookshire Brothers, Inc. has joined the membership. (7/26/17) View More »



 



Topco Associates Announces Board Additions
Topco Associates, LLC announced the appointment of Emile Breaux, President and CEO of Associated Grocers, Inc. and Dave Staples, President and CEO of SpartanNash Co. to its Board of Directors. (6/20/17) View More »



 



Topco Recognizes Members and Suppliers for Outstanding Partnerships
            Topco Associates, LLC held its 2017 Super Show from May 23 through May 25. During the conference, Topco honored members and suppliers who demonstrated exceptional partnerships througout 2016 (6/22/2017) View More »


 



Topco Associates Promotes Chris Hooks to Executive Vice President


Topco Associates, LLC has announced that
Chris Hooks, Senior Vice President of Center Store, Fresh and Supply Chain, has been
promoted to the role of Executive Vice President.
            Topco Associates, LLC has announced that Chris Hooks, Senior Vice President of Center Store, Fresh and Supply Chain, has been promoted to the role of Executive Vice President. (4/27/17) View More »



 



Topco Associates Names Mahipal Kunduru Vice President, Quality Assurance
Topco Associates, LLC announced today that
Mahipal Kunduru, Ph.D. has joined the company as Vice President, Quality Assurance.
            In this role Kunduru will be responsible for Topco’s Product Integrity, Regulatory Compliance and Quality Assurance groups. He will report directly to Topco President & CEO, Randy Skoda. (5/2/17) View More »


 



Topco Associates Welcomes Frosty Acres Brands as its Newest Member-Owner
Topco Associates, LLC has announced that
Chris Hooks, Senior Vice President of Center Store, Fresh and Supply Chain, has been
promoted to the role of Executive Vice President.
            Topco Associates, LLC announced today that the Alpharetta, Georgia-based Frosty Acres Brands has joined the membership. (4/11/17) View More »


 



Topco Associates Announces 2017 Board of Directors
Topco Associates, LLC has announced that
Chris Hooks, Senior Vice President of Center Store, Fresh and Supply Chain, has been
promoted to the role of Executive Vice President.
            In a unanimous election by the Topco membership, Chris Coborn, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Coborn’s Incorporated, was named Chairman of the Topco Associates, LLC Board of Directors. (3/15/17) View More »


 



Topco Recognizes Member-Owners for Outstanding Store Brand Commitment
            Topco Associates LLC held its 2017 Annual Membership Conference this year on Tuesday, February 28 through Thursday, March 2. During the two-day meeting, Topco honored members who demonstrated exceptional program participation. Topco is proud to announce the following 2016 award winners. (3/15/17) View More »























 


 















 

About us
Who We Are
Mission Statement
Topco Governance
Topco Management
Contact Us
Consumer Services
Locations
Directions

 

Membership
Member / Owners
Member Testimonials
Member Benefits

Brands
World Classics Trading Company
Full Circle
Paws for Pets

 
Food Club
Top Care
X Brands
Harvest Club
Clear Value
Valu Time

Programs
Produce / Floral
Fresh Meat
Processed Meat

 
Dairy
Bakery
Frozen
Grocery
General Merchandise
Health Care
Beauty Care
Pharmacy
National Brands
Indirect Spend


 

News
Press Releases
TopNews

Sustainability
Social Responsibility
Sustainability
Regulatory & Nutrition 


Quality Assurance


 

Careers
Job Listings
Submit Resume
Diversity

Vendors
EDI Information
Vendor Invoice Policy
Direct Sales Recaps
Supplier Handbook
















 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 

















	Who We Are






















 




















TopENet Access























 













 


 



 

















About Us


Who We Are


Governance / Management


Commitment to
            Business Ethics


Contact Us / Consumer Services


Locations / Directions
















 












Who We Are

















About Topco Associates LLC
                        Topco Associates LLC is a privately held company that provides innovative business solutions for its food industry member-owners and customers. Topco leverages the collective volume, knowledge and commitment of these companies to create a competitive advantage in the marketplace by reducing costs and offering winning business-building capabilities. Topco's membership collectively represents billions in retail sales volume with thousands of stores. 

                        Topco provides procurement, quality assurance, packaging and other services exclusively for its member-owners, which include supermarket retailers, food wholesalers and foodservice companies. Topco has no conflicting profit motive because it distributes all earnings back to its member-owners based on their level of participation. 







 





Topco's Mission Statement
Topco's mission is to provide solutions for our owners to profitably grow their business and realize a sustainable competitive advantage in the markets they serve. We drive value and demonstrate leadership by delivering aggregation, innovation and knowledge management solutions. 




 



Aggregation
            Topco is focused on providing solutions that enable our members to profitably grow their businesses. Prominent among these is synergy through aggregation. Aggregation, which we define as the leveraging members' collective product and services needs, common resources and capabilities, provides several specific benefits to Topco members:
            
Pricing: Lower prices through aggregation of volume and knowledge; 
Efficiency: Additional cost and speed-to-market benefits through the elimination of redundant services; 
Leadership: The ability to influence the evolution of industry standards; and 
Networking: The sharing of best practices among non-competing members. 
Aggregation will enable our members to effectively compete against the country's top retailers. 

            Topco will deliver these aggregation benefits through continuous improvement of our business processes; by having the right staff; and using the right information technology. An additional aggregation benefit is provided by the ability of our members to connect with each other through engagement in Topco. In summary, Topco's success at aggregation creates value by enabling common resources and capabilities to become pooled solutions designed to meet the diverse needs of its members. 

Innovation
            We define innovation in three distinct areas: product, packaging and process. In each of these, innovation is not the end goal, but rather an ongoing means to an end. The tangible benefits include:
            
Increasing sales; 
Maximizing margins; 
Creating differentiation; 
Building customer loyalty; and 
Creating leverage with national brands. 

            Product innovation at Topco centers on delivering superior solutions to consumers that make their lives better. It could be the best-tasting yogurt that gives a great sensory experience, a complete meal solution that saves households time and money or a cleaner that removes spots better than any other on the market. Each of our consumer-focused products should provide our members with clear points of differentiation.

Knowledge Management
            A key Topco asset is the deep understanding of its members' products, categories, suppliers and shoppers. Through the efficient and effective management of this valuable knowledge, Topco can buy smarter, provide the right products at the right time and ensure product consistency for our members' consumers. Topco has key experts that support members at each step of the procurement process. For example, the Meat programs have economists on staff who monitor the meat markets and provide our buying team with the latest supply and pricing trends, so each purchase delivers that extra penny-per-pound reduction in cost. Our Qualiy Assurance department's food scientists use their expertise to ensure suppliers provide consistent, quality food that meets or exceeds the highest quality standards. Topco's Produce department has "feet in the fields," inspecting produce as it ripens on the vine or lands at the port. And our Creative Services department's professionals use their branding and marketing expertise to steward brands, communicate "value at a glance," and connect with shoppers at the point of purchase and each time the product is set on the kitchen counter. 

Topco's History
            On September 28, 1944 a small cooperative was formed to supply its members with dairy products and paper goods, allowing them to operate in spite of wartime shortages. Called Food Cooperatives, Inc., the products procured by this organization were sold under the Food Club and Elna labels. Some of the members of Food Cooperatives were also members of another cooperative called Top Frost Foods.

            In addition to supplying frozen foods to its members, Top Frost also had an impressive quality program that set its specifications higher than those of the leading national brands. By early 1950, it was obvious that the two cooperatives were clearly well matched, which resulted in a merger of the two companies in December of that year. This was the beginning of Topco Associates, Inc., as it is known today. Folklore has it that the name "Topco" came from the "top" of Top Frost and the "co" of Food Cooperatives. Some people claim it's an acronym for "top companies." 





















 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 

















	Careers






















 




















TopENet Access























 













 


 



 














 












Topco Opportunities









		At Topco, we value the talents and special attributes of our associates. We recognize the importance of an environment that encourages professional growth and strives to help our associates obtain their personal goals. Moreover, we know that to best serve our member-owners and enhance their position as industry leaders, we must allow our associates to voice their ideas and reward their individual contributions.

Topco Associates offers an excellent compensation and benefits package, a stimulating work environment, and a chance to grow professionally. We encourage you to join our team!

Search and apply for opportunities.


Follow us:
 
















 









Commitment to Diversity
Topco is an equal opportunity employer by law and by our value system. As such, we:


Recruit, hire, train, and promote associates in all job classifications without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
Make equal employment opportunity a key factor in all our decisions about employment and promotion.
Conduct all business without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.




Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Topco is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination based on race, color, sex, gender identity, religion, age, creed, marital status, parental status, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, source of income, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.


















 


 



Copyright © 2010 - 2014 by Topco Associates LLC
|Privacy|Terms|Login|Register



 











TKC Topco LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























tkc topco llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Hardware
Sub-Industry: Communications Equipment





Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















	Topco National Brands > Home































 






 





 
TECHNICAL SUPPORTLogin























Topco National Brands is one of ten Topco Associates programs designed to provide value for its retail members through programming and solutions for nationally 
            branded products. We deliver win-win results for our retail and wholesale members and CPG partners by creating brand opportunities and business growth.
        
        




















Member Since1964







Affiliated Foods Inc.




Meets the needs of grocery stores and restaurants in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas, New Mexico, Colorado, Arizona, and Arkansas

Amarillo, TX
2013
Affiliated Foods Inc.





Affiliated Foods Store




Services more than 400 retailers in eight intermountain states

Salt Lake City, UT
2012
Affiliated Foods Store





Associated Grocers of Florida, Inc.




Wholesale distributor and exporter to supermarkets throughout Florida, Central and South America, and Caribbean countries
Pompano Beach, Florida
1975
Associated Grocers of Florida, Inc.





Associated Grocers of New England




The largest retailer-owned, wholesale grocery distribution center In New England. 
Pembroke, NH
2016
Associated Grocers of New England





Associated Grocers of the South, Inc.




Services over 200 independent grocers in  Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Tennessee, and the panhandle of Florida.
Birmingham, AL
1987
Associated Grocers of the South, Inc.





Associated Grocers, Inc.




Services over 200 independent retailers in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas.
Baton Rouge, Louisiana
1974
Associated Grocers, Inc.





Bashas' Inc




Offers a full range of ethnic and Hispanic food varieties.

Chandler, AZ
2002
Bashas' Inc





Bashas' Inc.




Operates more than 130 stores under five banners in Arizona and New Mexico.
Chandler, Arizona
2002
Bashas' Inc.





Big Y Foods, Inc.




Operates more than 80 stores throughout Massachusetts and Connecticut.
Springfield, Massachusetts
1991
Big Y Foods, Inc.





Brookshire Holdings, Inc




Operates more than 175 stores under four banners throughout Texas, Louisiana and Arkansas.
Tyler, Texas
2005
Brookshire Holdings, Inc





C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc




Services independent supermarkets in New England and New York.
Keene, NH
2005
C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc





Certco, Inc.




Services over 200 stores throughout Wisconsin, Illinois, Minnesota and Iowa.
Madison, Wisconsin
1964
Certco, Inc.





Corborn's Incorporated




Employee owned with more than 120 retail locations in Minnesota, Wisconsin, South Dakota, North Dakota, Illinois, and Iowa.
St. Cloud, Minnesota
2002
Corborn's Incorporated





Giant Eagle, Inc.




Services nearly 400 retail locations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia and Maryland.
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
1962
Giant Eagle, Inc.





Golub Corporation / Price Chopper Supermarkets




Operates more than 130 stores in New York, Massachusetts, Vermont, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, and New Hampshire.
Schenectady, New York
2006
Golub Corporation / Price Chopper Supermarkets





Hy-Vee, Inc.




Operates more than 250 grocery stores/drugstores in eight states — Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
West Des Moines, Iowa
2000
Hy-Vee, Inc.





King Kullen Grocery Co., LLC




Operates 32 locations in Nassau & Suffolk counties, New York.
Bethpage, New York
2009
King Kullen Grocery Co., LLC





K-VA-T Food Stores, Inc.




Operates 133 retail food outlets in Georgia, Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia including 100 in-store pharmacies and 87 fuel stations.
Abingdon, Virginia
1995
K-VA-T Food Stores, Inc.





Laurel Grocery Company LLC




Services more than 600 independent retailers in Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, West Virginal, Illinois, Indiana and Ohio.
London, KY
1993
Laurel Grocery Company LLC





Lowes Foods




Operates more than 100 stores throughout North and South Carolina.
Winston-Salem, North Carolina

Lowes Foods





Lund Food Holdings, Inc.




Operates 26 stores in the Minnesota Twin Cities area.
Edina, Minnesota
2003
Lund Food Holdings, Inc.





Meijer, Inc.




Operates over 200 stores throughout Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Kentucky.
Grand Rapids, Michigan
1955
Meijer, Inc.





Mitchell Grocery Corporation




Serving more than 200 independent supermarkets in the Southeast.
Albertville, Alabama
1994
Mitchell Grocery Corporation





Olean Wholesale Grocery Cooperative, Inc




Services retail Members and non-Member retailers in Western and Central New York, Western Pennsylvania and Northeastern Ohio.
Olean, NY
2013
Olean Wholesale Grocery Cooperative, Inc





Piggly Wiggly Alabama Distributing Co. Inc.




Services more than 270 stores in seven states.
Bessemer, AL
2013
Piggly Wiggly Alabama Distributing Co. Inc.





Piggly Wiggly Midwest, LLC




Servicing over 120 corporate stores and independent franchisees in Wisconsin, Michigan’s Upper Peninsula and portions of Illinois, Minnesota and Iowa.
Sheboygan, Wisconsin
1956
Piggly Wiggly Midwest, LLC





Raley's Supermarkets and Drug Centers




Operates 127 stores in Northern California and Nevada under four banners: Raley’s Supermarkets, Bel Air Markets, Nob Hill Foods and Food Source.
West Sacramento, California
1999
Raley's Supermarkets and Drug Centers





Roche Bros.




Operates 18 stores in Massachusetts under the Roche Bros. and Sudbury Farms banners.
Wellesley Hills, MA
2006
Roche Bros.





Save Mart Supermarkets




Operates 211 supermarkets in the California and Nevada under the Save Mart, S-Mart Foods, Lucky, FoodMaxx and MaxxValue banners.
Modesto, California
2008
Save Mart Supermarkets





Schnuck Markets, Inc.




Operates over 100 stores in five states: Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin and Iowa.
St. Louis, Missouri
1983
Schnuck Markets, Inc.





SpartanNash Co




Operates more than 150 corporate-owned retail stores in 10 states and distribute to more than 2,100 independent locations throughout the country.
Grand Rapids, Michigan
2004
SpartanNash Co





Stater Bros. Markets




Operates 169 full service supermarkets in southern California.
San Bernardino, California
2003
Stater Bros. Markets





The Fred W. Albrecht Grocery Company




Operates more than 18 stores in Ohio under the Acme Fresh Market banner.
Akron, Ohio
1969
The Fred W. Albrecht Grocery Company





The Grocers Supply Co., Inc.




Largest wholesale grocery supplier in Texas, supplying over 900 independent grocery stores.
Houston, Texas
2010
The Grocers Supply Co., Inc.





The Save Mart Companies




Part of The Save Mart Companies which delivers goods to the entire family of 205 stores throughout California and Northern Nevada

Modesto, CA
2008
The Save Mart Companies





The Save Mart Company




Part of The Save Mart Companies which delivers goods to the entire family of 205 stores throughout California and Northern Nevada

Modesto, CA
2008
The Save Mart Company





Topco Associates




The largest food buying cooperative in the United States.
Elk Grove Village, Illinois

Topco Associates





Tops Markets, LLC




Operates 172 full-service supermarkets in upstate New York, northern Pennsylvania, western Vermont, and north central Massachusetts.
Buffalo, New York
2008
Tops Markets, LLC





Unified Grocers




Largest retailer-owned wholesale grocery cooperative in the western United States.
Commerce, CA
2013
Unified Grocers





URM Stores, Inc




Services independent supermarkets in Idaho, Montana, Oregon and Washington
Spokane, WA
2013
URM Stores, Inc





W. Lee Flowers and Company, Inc.




Operates IGA and independent supermarkets in South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia.
Lake City, South Carolina
2004
W. Lee Flowers and Company, Inc.





Weis Markets, Inc.




Operates 204 stores in Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Virginia and West Virginia.
Sunbury, Pennsylvania
1998
Weis Markets, Inc.










41 Topco National Brands


Members Representing



            
                • 4,000+ geographically dispersed stores
                • $146 billion in annual sales and 19% of U.S. Food All Commodity Volume (ACV)
                • 2nd largest food retailer group in the U.S. behind Wal-Mart
                
            












 









 












 
 
 





 






















180
 
We create, develop, 
                        and execute over 180 
                        programs annually.




 
Aggregation: Working cooperatively and integrating best practices across our membership, we aggregate our decisions creating obvious and enviable scale. 










50
 
We work with over 
                        50 of the top U.S. 
                        CPG manufacturers.




 
Innovation: Customized programming allows both our members and CPG manufacturers a unique opportunity to differentiate themselves and to compete more effectively.           










13
 
We have grown over 13 years achieving a CAGR of 12%.




 
Knowledge Management: Our collective category intelligence delivers mutual benefit through enhanced partnerships between CPG manufacturers and our Topco National Brands members. 







 










 









Topco Associates LLC is the leading procurement and service cooperative for grocery retailers, wholesalers, and food service distributors in the U.S. Topco leverages the collective volume, knowledge, and commitment of these companies to create a competitive advantage in the marketplace by reducing costs and offering winning business-building capabilities.




 



 








            
            	For program information, please contact:
            
            
 

            
            	Jim Goers / Senior Vice President, Member Development & National Brands / 847.329.3664 / jgoers@topco.com
				Chris Timko / Director, National Brands / 847.224.8864 / ctimko@topco.com
                Donna Ofenloch / Sr. Retail Development Manager / 847.329.3329 / dofenloch@topco.com










 












