










 













 




	TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE Trademark of TMFS Holdings, LLC. Serial Number: 76288325 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE










 
Get FREE email alerts













TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE  Trademark Information
 TMFS Holdings, LLC
FINANCIAL SERVICES, NAMELY, MUTUAL FUND MANAGEMENT SERVICES




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         mutual   fund   management   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark by TMFS Holdings, LLC 
                                in OVERLAND PARK, KS, 66210.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner TMFS Holdings, LLC of the TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark.
                           






On Friday, July 20, 2001,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE by 
                        TMFS Holdings, LLC, OVERLAND PARK, KS  66210.
                        The USPTO has given the TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE 
                        trademark serial  number of  76288325.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE is 
                        
                        
                                            Annette P. Heller of 
                                            Heller & Associates,  Suite 512 S, 14323 South Outer Forty TOWN & COUNTRY MO 63017-5734
                                .
                            The TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE 
                            is FINANCIAL SERVICES, NAMELY, MUTUAL FUND MANAGEMENT SERVICES. 
                            





Word mark:
 TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

2/14/2014



  Serial Number:  
76288325


  Filing Date:  
7/20/2001


 Registration Number:  
2733916 


 Registration Date:  
7/8/2003


 Goods and Services: 
FINANCIAL SERVICES, NAMELY, MUTUAL FUND MANAGEMENT SERVICES


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/15/2003


Last Applicant/Owner:

TMFS Holdings, LLCOVERLAND PARK, KS  66210
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Circular or elliptical seals  (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Seals ) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("MUTUAL FUND")


 Correspondent:


Annette P. Heller
Heller & Associates
Suite 512 S
14323 South Outer Forty
TOWN & COUNTRY MO 63017-5734





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/1997


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/1997





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/14/2014
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Annette P. Heller


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search tmfsthemutualfundsto on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE 




TMFS THE MUTUAL FUND STORE is providing FINANCIAL SERVICES, NAMELY, MUTUAL FUND MANAGEMENT SERVICES.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















TMFS HOLDINGS, LLC v. CAP | Case No. 17-2063-JAR-GLR. | Leagle.com












































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
TMFS HOLDINGS, LLC v. CAPACE



					 
				




								TMFS HOLDINGS, LLC v. CAPACE
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Case No. 17-2063-JAR-GLR.
								




View Case
Cited Cases






TMFS HOLDINGS, LLC, FINANCIAL ENGINES ADVISORS, LLC, AND FINANCIAL ENGINES, INC., Plaintiffs,
v.
SCOTT M. CAPACE AND JOSEPH G. ZINSEL, Defendants.


United States District Court, D. Kansas.
February 7, 2017.


Editors Note
									
									Applicable Law: 28 U.S.C. § 1441 
									
									Cause: 28 U.S.C. § 1441 Petition for Removal - Breach of Contract 
									
									Nature of Suit: 190 Contract: Other 
Source: PACER









Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
TMFS Holdings, LLC, Plaintiff, represented by  Logan M. Rutherford , Bryan Cave LLP.
TMFS Holdings, LLC, Plaintiff, represented by  Timothy J. Davis , Bryan Cave LLP &  William Perry Brandt , Bryan Cave LLP.
Financial Engines Advisors, LLC, Plaintiff, represented by  Logan M. Rutherford , Bryan Cave LLP,  Timothy J. Davis , Bryan Cave LLP &  William Perry Brandt , Bryan Cave LLP.
Financial Engines, Inc., Plaintiff, represented by  Logan M. Rutherford , Bryan Cave LLP,  Timothy J. Davis , Bryan Cave LLP &  William Perry Brandt , Bryan Cave LLP.
Scott M. Capace, Defendant, represented by  Daniel B. Hodes , German May PC &  William D. Beil , German May PC.
Joseph G. Zinsel, Defendant, represented by  Daniel B. Hodes , German May PC &  William D. Beil , German May PC.





MEMORANDUM AND ORDER
JULIE A. ROBINSON, District Judge.
Plaintiffs TMFS Holdings, LLC, Financial Engines Advisors, LLC, and Financial Engines, Inc. filed this action in Johnson County, Kansas District Court on January 31, 2017, alleging breach of contract and misappropriation of trade secrets under Kansas law by two former employees that resigned on January 25, 2017, Defendants Scott Capace and Joseph Zinsel. Plaintiffs filed a motion for temporary restraining order along with the Petition, and that motion was set for hearing in state court on February 2, 2017. But on February 2, Defendants removed the case on the basis of diversity jurisdiction.1 This matter is before the Court on Plaintiffs' Motion for Temporary Restraining Order (Doc. 6), which was refiled after removal. The motion is fully briefed and the Court heard argument on February 6, 2016. The Court has considered the parties' submissions and their oral argument and is prepared to rule. For the reasons explained more fully below, the Court grants Plaintiffs' motion for a temporary restraining order.
I. Background
The following facts are alleged in the Petition and attachments thereto, or are contained in Capace's declaration, attached to Defendants' response. Plaintiff Financial Engines, Inc. operates a nationwide system of investment advisers, including a business formerly known as The Mutual Fund Store. The Mutual Fund Store was founded in 1996 in the Kansas City area, and eventually became part of TMFS Holdings, LLC, which Financial Engines acquired in February 2016. Plaintiffs refer to themselves, as well as "their direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Plaintiff FE Advisers" as "TMFS." Defendants are former employees of Plaintiffs, who started their employment with TMFS in November 2011 and January 2012, respectively.2 At the time of their resignations, Defendants held the title Senior Vice-President, Financial Planning. Defendants each entered into the same standard language employment agreement sent to them by TMFS. Capace's agreement is undated; Zinsel's agreement is dated January 11, 2012. By the end of 2016, Capace was managing approximately $87 million and Zinsel was managing approximately $50 million in Assets Under Management for TMFS. They collectively generated over $1 million in revenue for TMFS over the last two years of their employment.
Defendants resigned on January 25, 2017, and started a new investment-advisory firm called Open Source Investments, LLC ("Open Source"). Plaintiffs allege that Defendants took customer lists and solicited at least two of TMFS's former clients in violation of restrictive covenants included in their identical employment agreements. Section 2 of the agreement prevents Defendants from using or disclosing TMFS's confidential information, and requires them to promptly return confidential and proprietary information at the end of their employment. Section 3 of the agreement prohibits Defendants from soliciting, diverting, or taking away TMFS's customers for one year after their date of resignation. It also prevents them from causing or attempting to cause TMFS customers to terminate or reduce their relationship with TMFS, and from soliciting TMFS employees to work for a competitor. The agreement provides for injunctive relief in the event of breach or threatened breaches of sections 2 or 3.
Defendants' resignation letters, attached to the Petition, state: "In accordance with Broker Recruiting Protocol, I am taking a paper copy of my clients' names, addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses. Also in accordance with the Protocol I am leaving an exact copy of this information with the office."3 The Petition alleges that Capace told TMFS that he scrubbed his TMFS computer prior to leaving. Defendants started working for Open Source one week before they resigned. Open Source will provide independent wealth management services, the same types of services offered by TMFS. Defendants contacted their former clients by email, advising them that they left TMFS, that the clients are still enrolled with TMFS, and that they have formed a new company, which "can offer a better array of services and products best suited for our clients' investments needs through our own investment advisory firm." They provided their new contact information at Open Source to these customers. At least two of TMFS's clients are in the process of switching their accounts to Open Source.
Capace's declaration states he and Zinsel took hard copy lists of their own clients, as described in their resignation letters. Capace's declaration also states that, "on January 28, 2017, Joseph Zinsel and I returned all paper copies of the client list to Financial Engines/TMFS by Federal Express and destroyed the electronic copies of the list including any documents using information from the list."4
Defendants' employment agreement contains a forum selection clause in section 9, specifying that Kansas law will apply to disputes relating to the contract. The contracts were performed in whole or in part in Kansas. TMFS provided Defendants with administrative, regulatory, and customer-related support and information (including confidential, competitively-valuable information) from Kansas; Capace repeatedly traveled to Kansas in connection with his employment; TMFS provided Zinsel with training in Kansas; and Defendants allegedly took customer lists held in servers located in Kansas. Defendants live and work in Louisiana. They were recruited by TMFS in Louisiana and most of their clients are located in that state.
II. Standard
A TRO preserves the status quo and prevents immediate and irreparable harm until the court has an opportunity to pass upon the merits of a demand for preliminary injunction.5 Where the parties have notice of and an opportunity to respond to a motion for TRO, courts generally apply the standards governing issuance of preliminary injunctions.6 "A plaintiff seeking a preliminary injunction must establish that he is likely to succeed on the merits, that he is likely to suffer irreparable harm in the absence of preliminary relief, that the balance of equities tips in his favor, and that an injunction is in the public interest."7 This standard "requires plaintiffs seeking preliminary relief to demonstrate that irreparable injury is likely in the absence of an injunction."8 A relaxed standard applies if the movant can show that the harm and public interest factors "tip strongly in its favor."9 If the movant can make this showing, it can meet the likelihood of success on the merits prong "by showing that questions going to the merits are so serious, substantial, difficult, and doubtful as to make the issue ripe for litigation and deserving of more deliberate investigation."10
III. Discussion
A. Irreparable Harm
To constitute irreparable harm, the injury "must be both certain and great."11 It "is often suffered when `the injury can[not] be adequately atoned for in money,' or when `the district court cannot remedy [the injury] following a final determination on the merits.'"12 "Loss of customers, loss of goodwill, and threats to a business' viability have been found to constitute irreparable harm."13 On the other hand, wholly conclusory statements alone will not constitute irreparable harm.14
Defendants argue that there is no indication of irreparable harm to Plaintiffs if this Court does not issue a temporary restraining order, and that Plaintiffs' claims are based on wholly conclusory statements. The Court disagrees. Plaintiffs allege that Defendants were managing tens of millions of dollars' worth of Assets Under Management for TMFS at the time of their resignations, and collectively generated over $1 million in revenue for TMFS. And case law from the Tenth Circuit explicitly acknowledges that loss of customers and goodwill may constitute irreparable harm. This is precisely the type of harm claimed by Plaintiffs, and for which the restrictive covenants in Defendants' employment agreements seek to protect. The Court easily finds that this is the type of damage that cannot be remedied after a final determination on the merits, or with damages. Indeed, the Tenth Circuit has recognized that "[o]ne such situation in which damages may not fully compensate a plaintiff is when the business at issue `is based on personal contacts and a knowledge of the special needs and requirements of customers, a fact which complicates any damage estimate.'"15 The Court further finds that Plaintiffs' claims of harm are not merely conclusory—they submitted emails showing Defendants communicated with their former clients, and Defendants have admitted multiple times that they took with them their clients' names and contact information when they resigned. In fact, Defendants maintain that they were entitled to this information under industry standards. Plaintiffs have met their burden of demonstrating irreparable harm.
B. Balance of Harms and Public Interest
The Court must weigh the irreparable harm to Plaintiffs without the injunction against the harm to Defendants if the injunction issues. Defendants characterize their harm as "hardship that Defendants and their families would suffer if they are denied the protections afforded to Louisiana employees, and enjoined from working as financial advisors in the state and area where they have lived and worked their entire lives."16 But this mischaracterizes section 3 of the employment agreement. The restrictive covenant is a nonsolicitation clause; it does not prohibit Defendants from working as financial advisors in Louisiana. Sections 2 and 3 restrict the information Defendants could take with them when their employment ends, and prevents them from soliciting TMFS customers, or causing them to leave TMFS. Defendants are permitted to work as financial advisors so long as they develop new client relationships. Such hardship does not outweigh the irreparable harm to Plaintiffs without a TRO—a loss of goodwill that could not be compensated through monetary damages. The TRO freezes the status quo until the Court can determine whether Defendants' choice of law argument, and thus their entitlement to "the protections afforded to Louisiana employees," is dispositive without risking further loss of customers and goodwill to Plaintiffs.
The Court also finds that the TRO is in the public interest. Generally, there is a public interest in upholding enforceable contracts.17 Here, the Court determines that a TRO is an appropriate remedy to freeze the status quo by enforcing the parties' contracts based on the forum selection clause in those contracts. Indeed, the parties' contracts provide for injunctive relief in the event of a breach or a threatened breach. The Court finds that both the balance of harms and the public interest factors tip strongly in Plaintiffs' favor.
C. Likelihood of Success on the Merits
Because the Court finds that the balance of harms and public interest factors tip strongly in their favor, a relaxed standard applies to the likelihood of success on the merits prong of the TRO analysis. Plaintiffs base their request for injunctive relief on their breach of contract claim under Kansas law. Defendants only challenge to whether Plaintiffs are likely to succeed on the merits of this claim is that the choice of law provision in section 9 of the agreement is unenforceable. "[A] federal court sitting in diversity must apply the substantive law of the state in which it sits, including the forum state's choice-of-law rules."18 Both parties invite the Court to consider the Kansas Supreme Court's decision in Brenner v. Oppenheimer & Co.19 In that case, the court was called upon to consider whether a choice of law provision specifying that New York law would govern standard form client agreements for certain brokerage accounts is enforceable given Kansas's strong public policy favoring securities regulation.20 As a threshold matter, the court discussed the constitutional limitations on choice of law questions, recognizing that choice of law must not be "arbitrary nor fundamentally unfair," and thus, Kansas must have "significant contact or significant aggregation of contacts."21 The court found sufficient minimum contacts with the State of Kansas to satisfy that constitutional inquiry.22
Next, the court determined that there was an actual conflict between New York and Kansas securities law requiring it to determine which law should govern the dispute.23 The court recited the general rule under Kansas law that a contractual choice of law provision controls.24 A narrow exception applies to this general rule where enforcing a contractual choice of law provision "engenders a result contrary to public policy."25 The brokerage firm urged the court to apply the test used in Altrutech, Inc. v. Hooper Holmes, Inc., that "the enforceability of a contractual choice-of-law provision turns on whether the forum selected bears a reasonable relation to the contract at issue," which is found in the Restatement (Second) of Conflict of Laws.26 But the Kansas Supreme Court declined, stating that Altrutech did not consider whether the public policy exception to Kansas choice of law rules applies. Brenner neither endorsed nor applied that test. Ultimately, the court determined that Kansas public policy strongly favors the regulation of securities transactions, and thus application of New York law, which does not allow redress for the sale of unregistered securities, would violate Kansas public policy.27 The court found the forum selection clause invalid under the public policy exception.28
Defendants in this case mistakenly focus on language in Brenner discussing the Altrutech reasonable relation standard and argue that this test determines whether a choice of law provision should be enforced under Kansas law. The Court acknowledges that the reasonable relation test has been recited and applied in several past opinions in this district.29 But none of the cited cases invalidated a forum selection clause on these grounds, nor provide any analysis of a reasonable relation test under the Restatement (Second) Conflict of Laws.30 The Court has reviewed the cases cited by the parties and agrees with Plaintiffs that this language appears to derive from a prior Kansas case construing the UCC.31
The Court is satisfied at this juncture that Kansas has significant contacts with this dispute to satisfy due process. There is no question that The Mutual Fund Store was based in Kansas at the time Defendants entered into their employment agreements. Plaintiffs also allege that at least for a period, Defendants traveled to Kansas, received documents in Kansas, and reported to managers in Kansas. The computer servers that house Plaintiffs' customer data are located in Kansas. This is not a situation, as suggested by Defendants, where an employer specified the law of an entirely unconnected forum that favors restrictive covenants. And Defendants do not offer the Court authority to support their argument that the parties' past ties with Kansas have no bearing on constitutional significant contacts analysis; that if a party's contacts with a state dissipate over time, it can render a forum selection clause unenforceable. The Court is satisfied that Plaintiffs are substantially likely to succeed on the merits of their claim that enforcing the choice of law provision in the employment agreement does not offend the Constitution.
Next, assuming there is a conflict between Kansas and Louisiana law, Kansas applies the Restatement (First) of Conflict of Laws in addressing choice of law issues.32 As the Brenner court explained, the First Restatement is silent as to contractual choice of law provisions, but "Kansas case law and the Uniform Commercial Code . . . recognize the principle of freedom to contract and, under most circumstances, permit parties to choose the law applicable to their agreement."33 The general rule applies here because Defendants have not demonstrated that enforcing the choice of law provision would offend Kansas public policy. Moreover, as already discussed, Defendants have neither demonstrated that this Court is bound by the reasonable relation test set forth in the Second Restatement, nor that Kansas is not reasonably related to the dispute.
Although Defendants stated at the hearing that Plaintiffs are not likely to succeed on the merits under Kansas law, they do not explain this argument, nor does their brief address any specific infirmity under Kansas law. The Court finds that Plaintiffs have met their burden of demonstrating serious questions on the merits of their breach of contract claim making it ripe for adjudication. Kansas courts look to the following factors to determine whether a restrictive covenant is reasonable, and therefore enforceable, under the particular facts of each case: "(1) Does the covenant protect a legitimate business interest of the employer? (2) Does the covenant create an undue burden on the employee? (3) Is the covenant injurious to the public welfare? (4) Are the time and territorial limitations contained in the covenant reasonable?"34
The covenants in sections 2 and 3 of Defendants' employment agreement protect legitimate business interest of Plaintiffs. Defendants were allowed to develop goodwill and business relationships in their capacity as TMFS agents; TMFS has a legitimate interest in disallowing them from obtaining an unfair advantage by taking those clients and confidential information about those clients when they leave. The Court also finds that the agreement does not place an undue burden on Defendants. The covenants do not prohibit them from working as financial advisers; they must only refrain from soliciting clients and employees for one year after resigning. There is no evidence to suggest that enforcing the employment agreements would be injurious to public welfare. And finally, the Court finds that the one-year period that applies to these restrictive covenants is reasonable. This time period is shorter than those commonly upheld by Kansas courts.35 In sum, Plaintiffs have demonstrated a substantial likelihood of success on their breach of contract claim, based on an employment agreement with enforceable choice of law and restrictive covenant provisions.
D. Bond
Fed. R. Civ. P. 65(c) provides that "[t]he Court may issue a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order only if the movant gives security in an amount that the court considers proper to pay the costs and damages sustained by any party found to have been wrongfully enjoined or restrained." The Court may exercise its discretion, and determine a bond is unnecessary "if there is an absence of proof showing a likelihood of harm."36 Plaintiffs do not oppose a bond, and the Court finds that a bond is warranted. However, Defendants provided no information about the costs and damages that may inure to Defendants if Defendants are wrongly enjoined for the short period between today and a ruling on a motion for preliminary injunction. Plaintiffs shall post a bond in the amounts of $10,000 for Capace and $5000 for Zinsel.
IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED BY THE COURT that Plaintiffs' Motion for Temporary Restraining Order (Doc. 6) is granted. Defendants Capace and Zinsel, and their officers, agents, servants, employees, and other persons acting in concert or participation with them (including Open Source) who receive actual notice of this Order by personal service or otherwise, are temporarily restrained and prohibited from, directly or indirectly:
a. violating the terms of the Agreement, including by soliciting, diverting, or taking away, or attempting to solicit, divert, or take away from TMFS, the business of TMFS's Customers for the purpose of selling or providing to or servicing for any such Customer any product or service which was provided by TMFS at any time during the last two years of Capace and Zinsel's employment with TMFS (or which product or service is a substitute therefor or competes therewith);
b. causing or attempting to cause any of TMFS's Customers to terminate or reduce their existing relationships with TMFS;
c. using, disclosing, copying, communicating, or distributing any of Plaintiffs' trade secret information or other Confidential Information;
d. avoiding or attempting to avoid providing discovery in this litigation by purging, destroying, altering, modifying or concealing any of TMFS's trade secret or other Confidential Information, whether in original, copied, computerized, handwritten or any other form;
e. processing paperwork or otherwise opening a new account for any TMFS Customers that Defendants may have already contacted.
Defendants are further ordered to immediately return any and all documents (including the TMFS customer lists that Defendants allegedly improperly took) containing any trade secret or other Confidential Information of TMFS or pertaining to TMFS's business, including, but not limited to all files, emails, text or instant messages, and other electronically stored documents and information taken or retained by Defendants, regardless of the form or medium in which it/they is/are stored or preserved (including, but not limited to, on a computer, thumb drive, flash drive, DVD or CD, "smart" phone, iPad, etc.), and whether in original, copied, computerized, handwritten or any other form.
Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 65(b), this restraining order shall remain in force for no longer than the Court's ruling on the propriety of a preliminary injunction, which is set for hearing on February 15, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. in Kansas City, Kansas, Courtroom 427.
Plaintiffs shall post a security bond in the amounts of $10,000 for Capace and $5000 for Zinsel.
IT IS SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. The parties advise the Court that a parallel case was filed by Defendants in Louisiana state court and removed to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. Defendants moved for a temporary restraining order in that action, which was denied on February 3, 2017. That court directed the parties to brief the issue of whether it should stay proceedings in deference to this matter. The briefs are due today. Capace v. TMFS Holdings, No. 17-919, Doc. 6 (E.D. La. Feb. 3, 2017).

2. Capace previously owned Mutual Fund Store franchises in Louisiana before he became a TMFS employee in November 2011.

3. Doc. 1-1 at 42-43.

4. Doc. 8-1 ¶ 20.

5. Flying Cross Check, LLC v. Central Hockey League, Inc., 153 F.Supp.2d 1253, 1258 (D. Kan. 2001).

6. See Kan. Hosp. Ass'n v. Whiteman, 835 F.Supp. 1548, 1551 (D. Kan. 1993).

7. Winter v. Nat. Res. Def. Council, Inc., 555 U.S. 7, 20 (2008).

8. Id. at 21. The injunction sought in this case seeks to preserve the status quo, so the heightened standard employed for disfavored injunctions does not apply. See O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao Do Vegetal v. Ashcroft, 389 F.3d 973, 975 (10th Cir. 2004) (per curiam), aff'd, 546 U.S. 418 (2006).

9. Oklahoma ex rel. Okla. Tax Comm'n v. Int'l Registration Plan, Inc., 455 F.3d 1107, 1113 (10th Cir. 2006) (quoting Davis v. Mineta, 302 F.3d 1104, 1111 (10th Cir. 2002)).

10. Id. (footnote omitted).

11. Prairie Band of Potawatomi Indians v. Pierce, 253 F.3d 1234, 1250 (10th Cir. 2001) (quoting Wis. Gas Co. v. Fed. Energy Regulatory Comm'n, 758 F.2d 669, 674 (D.C. Cir. 1985)).

12. Id. (quoting Am. Hosp. Ass'n v. Harris, 625 F.2d 1328, 1331 (1980)).

13. Hill's Pet Nutrition, Inc. v. Nutro Prods., Inc., 258 F.Supp.2d 1197, 1205 (D. Kan. 2003).

14. Dominion Video Satellite, Inc. v. Echostar Satellite Corp., 356 F.3d 1256, 1261 (10th Cir. 2004).

15. Southwest Stainless, LP v. Sappington, 582 F.3d 1176, 1191-92 (10th Cir. 2009) (quoting Equifax Servs., Inc. v. Hitz, 905 F.2d 1355, 1361 (10th Cir. 1990)).

16. Doc. 8 at 15.

17. Fireworks Spectacular, Inc. v. Premier Pyrotechnics, Inc., 86 F.Supp.2d 1102, 1109 (D. Kan. 2000); Hearton, Inc. v. Shackelford, 898 F.Supp. 1491, 1502 (D. Kan. 1995).

18. Boyd Rosen & Assocs., Inc. v. Kan. Mun. Gas Agency, 123 F.3d 1351, 1352-53 (10th Cir. 1997).

19. 44 P.3d 364 (Kan. 2002).

20. Id. at 371.

21. Id. at 372 (quoting Sys. Design v. Kan. City P.O. Emps. Cred. Union, 788 P.2d 878, 881 (1990)).

22. Id.

23. Id. at 373.

24. Id. at 375.

25. Id.

26. Id. (discussing Altrutech, Inc. v. Hooper Holmes, Inc., 6 F.Supp.2d 1269, 1273 (D. Kan. 1998)).

27. Id. at 377-81.

28. Id. at 380.

29. See, e.g., Altrutech, 6 F. Supp. 2d at 1273; Higby Crane Serv., LLC v. Nat'l Helium, LLC, No. 10-1334-JAR, 2012 WL 5987473, at *3 (D. Kan. Nov. 29, 2012), rev'd on other grounds, 751 F.3d 1157 (10th Cir. 2014); BHC Dev., L.C. v. Bally Gaming, Inc., 985 F.Supp.2d 1276, 1285 (D. Kan. 2013) (citing Nat'l Equip. Rental, Ltd. v. Taylor, 587 P.2d 870, 872 (Kan. 1978) (applying the U.C.C.)).

30. Defendants also mistakenly suggest that the Due Process standard for determining whether minimum contacts exist for the choice of law provision to pass constitutional muster, is "consistent with" the Restatement (Second) of Conflict of Laws, which provides a test for determining the validity of a choice of law provision. Brenner does not discuss these tests in tandem; they are separate inquiries. Compare Brenner, 44 P.3d at 372 (discussing the constitutional inquiry before considering whether an actual conflict exists), with 44 P.3d at 374-75 (reciting the reasonable relation test as it has been applied in two federal court cases to determine choice of law validity).

31. See, e.g., Nat'l Equip. Rental, Ltd. v. Taylor, 587 P.2d at 872.

32. See In re K.M.H., 169 P.3d 1025, 1031-32 (Kan. 2007).

33. Brenner, 44 P.3d at 374.

34. Idbeis v. Wichita Surgical Specialists, P.A., 112 P.3d 81, 86-87 (Kan. 2005) (quoting Weber v. Tillman, 913 P.2d 84, 90 (Kan. 1996)).

35. See, e.g., Wichita Clinic P.A. v. Louis, 185 P.3d 946, 954-55 (Kan. Ct. App. 2008) (acknowledging that two-year time limits are commonly enforced yet enforcing three-year restrictive covenant).

36. Coquina Oil Corp. v. Transwestern Pipeline Co., 825 F.2d 1461, 1462 (10th Cir. 1987).






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














TMFS Holdings, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:36 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of TMFS Holdings, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
TMFS Holdings, LLC, through its subsidiaries, offers investment advisory services. The company is based in Overland Park, Kansas. TMFS Holdings, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Financial Engines, Inc.


11095 Metcalf AvenueOVERLAND PARK, KS 66210United States










Key Executives for TMFS Holdings, LLC


TMFS Holdings, LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TMFS Holdings, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























TMFS HOLDINGS LLC Overland Park KS, 66210 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Holding and other Investment Offices
Tmfs Holdings LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Tmfs Holdings LLC



10950 Grandview Dr, Ste 500

Overland Park,
							
							
							 KS
							
							
							 66210-1585
							
							 |  view map


(913) 319-8100

www.mutualfundstore.com


						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

TMFS HOLDINGS LLC is in the Offices of Holding Companies, N.E.C. industry in Overland Park, KS.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of $1,000,000 to $4,999,999.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Offices of Holding Companies, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2008
					

Sales Range:
						$1,000,000 to $4,999,999
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Barnes & Noble


Montgomery Marine Repair


Ideal Construction CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


Hammer & CO


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Walbro


RAM Enterprises Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Tmfs Holdings LLC
Rate Tmfs Holdings LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Tmfs Holdings LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGUE
VUDEN INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

ADVENT I LLC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
CONTORNO INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
STINGER WELDING INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











TMFS Holdings LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























tmfs holdings llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
TMFS Holdings, LLC operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers investment advisory services.




Corporate Information
Address:

11095 Metcalf Avenue
Overland Park, KS 66210
United States


Phone:
1-913-319-8100


Fax:
-























From The Web











Key Executives


David Carr


VP:Compliance







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Tmfs Holdings, LLC                                                                                                       - Overland Park                                     , KS         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



KS



Overland Park



Holding Companies, Nec



Personal Holding Companies, Except Banks



                            Tmfs Holdings, LLC
                                    



 





















T 


Tmfs Holdings, LLC                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



10950 GRANDVIEW DR # 500 OVERLAND PARK, KS 66210
Get Directions



(913) 319-8100
www.mutualfundstore.com                                                                                 





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Personal Holding Companies, Except Banks
 Contacts John Bunch                                                                                                              







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006 the company has been providing Personal Holding Companies, Except Banks. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















TMFS HOLDINGS LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      TMFS HOLDINGS LLC
                    

HTTP://WWW.MUTUALFUNDSTORE.COM/
•   OVERLAND PARK, KS
                          • Investment Advisor
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Tmfs Holdings is based out of Overland Park. Tmfs Holdings is a large advisory firm with  More than 100 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $176,741,328 (Form ADV from 2015-04-01).   WhaleWisdom has at least 5 13F filings in our database for Tmfs Holdings. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from TMFS HOLDINGS LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change







03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary



            No holdings for current quarter
      





09/30/2016
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $1.195 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $1.063 Billion
New Purchases6 stocks
Additional Purchases4 stocks
Sold out of2 stocks
Reduced holdings in0 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %87.83%
Turnover %
                        [1]:72.73%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:10.91%
Time Held Top20:1.50 quarters
Time Held Top10:1.67 quarters
Time Held All:1.50 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for TMFS HOLDINGS LLC






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q3 2016:
                    
-3.31%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
0.0%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

THE MUTUAL FUND STORE
 
7301 COLLEGE BOULEVARD
SUITE 220

OVERLAND PARK
KS
            
        66210
Country: UNITED STATES


          Business Phone:
          913-319-8100
Fax:
              913-319-8181


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm,Related Advisor
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Liability Company 


Organized in:
NY


Number of employees:
4


Other Business Activities:



Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Hourly charges,Fixed fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      




            Total Number of Clients:
          




            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          




                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              



Disclosures:




HTTP://WWW.MUTUALFUNDSTORE.COM/
HTTP://WWW.FREERETIREMENTPLAN.COM/
HTTP://WWW.RETIREMENTCHECKUP.COM/


    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

























