










 













 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













ENGINUITY COMMUNICATIONS Trademark - By: Todd, Stephen M.














Feedback
















Home 
Register a Trademark
Trademarks 

Register a Trademark
Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories

ChemicalsPaintsCosmetics and cleaning preparationsLubricants and fuelsPharmaceuticalsMetal goodsMachineryHand toolsElectrical and scientific apparatusMedical Apparatus 



About Us
Contact Us








Home &gt Categories &gt Electrical and scientific apparatus &gt Enginuity Communications 












 
















Serial Number:78090278Registration Number/Date:3442131June 3rd, 2008Filing Date:October 26th, 2001Status/Date:Registered.  The registration date is used to determine when post-registration maintenance documents are due.June 3rd, 2008Live/Dead IndicatorLive








ENGINUITY COMMUNICATIONSTrademark By:  Todd, Stephen M.DescriptionTelecommunications products used in wire line telephone networks, namely, electronic, digital and analog telecommunications units and related software used in both private and public voice and data communication networks, namely, cables, analog data station termination units, T1 and digital subscriber line transmission units, multiplexer units, line protection devices, and related enclosures, hardware and operating software for the aforementioned goods


Summary
This is the brand and trademark page for ENGINUITY COMMUNICATIONS which was created on October 26th, 2001 by Todd, Stephen M., an INDIVIDUAL.
	
	
	if($row->contact_hide > 0):
		echo ' The contact information for this file has been hidden by request.';
	else:
		echo ' The trademark owner is located at '.$row->owner_address.' in '.$row->owner_city.', '.$row->owner_state.'. ' .$row->owner_name.' can be contacted at '.$row->owner_phone.', '.$row->owner_email.' or '.$row->owner_website.'.';
	endif;
	?>
	
	



 
Registered.  The registration date is used to determine when post-registration maintenance documents are due.

 
Trademark Information

Mark Type:Trademark
Standard Character:false
Register:Principal
Colors Claimed:None.
Disclaimer:"COMMUNICATIONS"
Translation:No translation.
Consent:No consent required.



Owner Information
Owner Name:Todd, Stephen M.Address:711 Dodson StreetCity:GenevaState:ILLINOISZip Code:60134Country:UNITED STATESPhone Number:(630)363-1603Fax Number:(630)262-1603


Correspondent Information
Correspondent Name:MARY V ROGERSFirm Name:ATTORNEY AT LAWAddress continued:2509 PRAIRIE COURT, P.O. BOX 14City:GENEVAState:ILLINOISZip:60134Country:UNITED STATESPhone Number:(630)363-1603Fax Number:(630)262-1603


Services And/Or GoodsClass:009Status:ActiveDescription:Telecommunications products used in wire line telephone networks, namely, electronic, digital and analog telecommunications units and related software used in both private and public voice and data communication networks, namely, cables, analog data station termination units, T1 and digital subscriber line transmission units, multiplexer units, line protection devices, and related enclosures, hardware and operating software for the aforementioned goodsBasis:First Use:Not AvailableFirst use in Commerce:September 13th, 2002


Document Information
Office Assigned:LAW OFFICE 117Current Location/Date::PUBLICATION AND ISSUE SECTIONMay 1st, 2008Disclaimer:"COMMUNICATIONS"

Status UpdatesDateStatusJune 29th, 2004REPORT COMPLETED SUSPENSION CHECK CASE STILL SUSPENDEDJanuary 28th, 2005REPORT COMPLETED SUSPENSION CHECK CASE STILL SUSPENDEDAugust 22nd, 2005REPORT COMPLETED SUSPENSION CHECK CASE STILL SUSPENDEDApril 24th, 2006LIE CHECKED SUSP - TO ATTY FOR ACTIONJune 16th, 2006NON-FINAL ACTION MAILEDJune 2nd, 2006NON-FINAL ACTION  WRITTENJune 23rd, 2006UNDELIVERABLE MAIL - CORRESP. REMAILEDDecember 13th, 2006TEAS RESPONSE TO OFFICE ACTION RECEIVEDDecember 13th, 2006CORRESPONDENCE RECEIVED IN LAW OFFICEDecember 13th, 2006TEAS/EMAIL CORRESPONDENCE ENTEREDDecember 14th, 2006APPROVED FOR PUB - PRINCIPAL REGISTERJanuary 8th, 2007ASSIGNED TO LIEJanuary 8th, 2007LAW OFFICE PUBLICATION REVIEW COMPLETEDJanuary 31st, 2007NOTICE OF PUBLICATIONFebruary 20th, 2007PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITIONMay 15th, 2007NOA MAILED - SOU REQUIRED FROM APPLICANTNovember 13th, 2007PAPER RECEIVEDNovember 13th, 2007DATA MODIFICATION COMPLETEDDecember 3rd, 2007ABANDONMENT - DEFECTIVE USE STATEMENTDecember 3rd, 2007ABANDONMENT NOTICE MAILED - DEFECTIVE USE STATEMENTJanuary 22nd, 2008PAPER RECEIVEDJanuary 22nd, 2008PETITION TO REVIVE-RECEIVEDFebruary 5th, 2008ASSIGNED TO PETITION STAFFFebruary 29th, 2008PETITION GRANTED - SOU FILEDNovember 15th, 2007EXTENSION 1 FILEDNovember 15th, 2007EXTENSION 1 GRANTEDJanuary 22nd, 2008USE AMENDMENT FILEDMarch 18th, 2008STATEMENT OF USE PROCESSING COMPLETEApril 30th, 2008ALLOWED PRINCIPAL REGISTER - SOU ACCEPTEDMay 1st, 2008LAW OFFICE REGISTRATION REVIEW COMPLETEDJune 3rd, 2008REGISTERED-PRINCIPAL REGISTERJune 20th, 2008UNDELIVERABLE MAIL - NO ACTION TAKENNovember 21st, 2003CASE FILE IN TICRSAugust 30th, 2002LETTER OF SUSPENSION MAILEDAugust 2nd, 2002CORRESPONDENCE RECEIVED IN LAW OFFICEAugust 1st, 2002CORRESPONDENCE RECEIVED IN LAW OFFICEJuly 8th, 2002TEAS CHANGE OF CORRESPONDENCE RECEIVEDFebruary 8th, 2002NON-FINAL ACTION MAILEDJanuary 23rd, 2002ASSIGNED TO EXAMINER


CategoriesElectrical and scientific apparatus
Contact People

Todd, Stephen M.Mary V Rogers 

Removal Information
Click below to read about our removal policy.
Removal

Updated Date
Updated by MarkHound.com on December 26th, 2012.
Is this information not accurate? Click the button below to synchronize this trademark with the USPTO data.
Update Listing






Removal Information
Markhound.com is directly linked with the USPTO. Please update your information at USPTO.gov and our servers will reflect the changes.
The information on our website is of public record and is protected by the Freedom of Information Act.









© 2017 Trademark Hound LLC



							Connect with us via Facebook, Google Plus, and on Twitter. We will post interesting news regarding trademarks, branding, and other relevant information.
						
Email: trademarks@markhound.com






Facebook







Twitter Updates









Our Links


Search Trademarks
Trademark Categories
About Us
Contact Us












Home / About / Contact / Trademarks


					© Copyright 2017 Trademark Hound LLC. All rights reserved.
				




























	
			Missouri Foreclosure Manual, 2016-2017 ... | Legal Solutions






































This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data.










PDP
PDP








Discover Thomson Reuters



USA - English


Australia    English

Canada    English

Canada    Français

Middle East    English

New Zealand    English

UK & Ireland    English

thomsonreuters.com

View all sites



Product Logins


site login


Contact Us







Cart 0







Financial &  Risk

Innovation

Legal

Reuters News Agency

Tax & Accounting




Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu









Your browser is not supported by this site.
Please update to the latest version, or use a different browser for the best experience.
Learn more 























Legal Solutions | USA












Free Standard Shipping on books!


Advanced Search




Law Books


Solutions


Support


Insights & Trends 




















				Home 
		
						>
						 Practitioner Treatises
					
					 >
					Missouri Foreclosure Manual, 2016-2017 ed. (Vol. 38, Missouri Practice Series)









				See inside:
			

					Table of contents ›
				

					Indices ›
				

					What's new or updated ›
				



		Update highlights and filing ›
	



			Author(s):
		

 
										Stephen M. Todd 






		Product details:
	

			  Format:  Book - softbound
		

			  Brand: The Harrison Company
		

			Copyright:
			2000-2016
		

			ISBN:
			9780314842091
		


				Service #:
				40121098
			

			Sub #:
			40120820
		

			Pages:
			412
		

			Shelf Space:
			1 in.
		

			Publication frequency: 
			Annually
		

			Update method: 
			Replacement pamphlets
		





Can we help?  Contact Us  Call 1-888-728-7677








			Missouri Foreclosure Manual, 2016-2017 ed. (Vol. 38, Missouri Practice Series)
		


104042509



							Availability:
						

 In stock 
(details)

Email this page



104042509
104042509





One time purchase


 
			
			

			
			
				






	
	
		
			
			
				$227.00
			
		
	


			
		
		









								
									Add to cart
									
								
							






Purchase the current version only, no updates will be sent.










				
					
						
							
							
								Monthly pricing
							
						
					
					
				
			



	 			












	
		
		
			
				
				
					
					 
				
			
			
		
		$18.00/month		
	
	




			

















			
			Add to cart
			
			
		







Convenience of fixed monthly payments and long term price protection. Choose 24 or 36 months. All updates, revisions, and new editions included.








ProView eBook also available 




For mortgage lenders and practitioners who represent creditors or debtors, Stephen Todd's Missouri Foreclosure Manual functions as a practical, single-topic publication and provides assistance in foreclosing deeds of trust in Missouri. This up-to-date volume incorporates most of the forms involved in foreclosure and redemption, with appendixes listing the customary times and places of sale by county, and a trustee's checklist. Contents cover:
Deeds of trust
Trustees
Preparing for sale
Remedies of mortgagor and mortgagee

Finding aids include a table of code sections and an index.
























































Customer Service


Contact Us



My Account



OnePass



Billing, Returns & Refunds



Book Pricing Options



Product Support


Support By Product



Reference Attorneys



Product Downloads



Law Librarian Resources



Small Firm Resources



Browse By Category


Small Law Firms



Large & Midsize Law Firms



Corporate Counsel



Government



Law Schools



 



Practice Area



Jurisdiction



Connect With Us

About Us


Email Exclusives & Newsletters


Headnote of the Day


West Key Authors


Legal Notices



































Careers

|

Site Map

|

Terms of Use

|

Privacy Statement


© 2017 Thomson Reuters







Stephen M Todd - Cary, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Stephen M Todd in Cary, IL


Stephen M Todd

                                                                           Intelius found that Stephen M Todd  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Cary, IL.  We have connected them to
                5 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Stephen M Todd is in his 50s

Stephen Has Lived In

Cary, IL
Arlington Heights, IL
Palatine, IL

Stephen's Relatives

Maxine Todd
Norbert Todd
Paula Todd
Steve Todd







Stephen M Todd



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Stephen? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Stephen, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Stephen M Todd
Get a Criminal Check on Stephen M Todd
Get a Public Record Report on Stephen M Todd
Get a People Search Report on Stephen M Todd


Stephen M Todd's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Stephen M Todd has lived as well as Stephen M Todd's phone numbers and email addresses.




Stephen M Todd Has Lived in 1 States
Illinois Address for Stephen M Todd


7002 S****** W** 

Cary, IL


Has Lived In

Cary, IL
Arlington Heights, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Stephen M Todd

() ***-**** - Palatine, IL 
(847) ***-**** - Cary, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Stephen M Todd



Get Email Report




Stephen M Todd's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Stephen M Todd


Stephen M Todd's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Stephen M Todd's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Stephen Todd
Username Matches

                  StephenTodd
                  ToddStephen
                  Stephen.Todd
                  Todd.Stephen
                  Stephen_Todd
                  Todd_Stephen
                  Stephen-Todd
                  Todd-Stephen
                  STodd
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Todd







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Todd Stephen Carran, M.D., Everett, WA, 98201 | Buprenorphine | Rehab Reviews Directory



























Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists
Interventionists
Sober Livings

Rehab Reviews
Rehab Reviews Directory
About
Get Help Now

Login
Register










Featured Reviews








 
Sunset Malibu
For those who are addicted but also suffering from addiction, co-occurring disorders or even eating disorders, Sunset Malibu is the spot.
Read More












 
Newport Academy
Newport Academy is the whole package: individualized clinical expertise, holistic therapies, 12-step support, family healing and a sober learning community.
Read More












 
Visions Adolescent Treatment
For teens in dysfunctional situations, there's no better spot than Visions, which focuses on treatment for those between the ages of 13-18.
Read More













Buprenorphine
washington
everett
Todd Stephen ...







      Todd Stephen Carran, M.D.
      


  (0 Reviews)


Write a Review

      Check Insurance
        Sponsored
 








        916 Pacific Avenue, Everett, WA 98201
      






          (425) 258-7390
        








        Are you the owner?
Apply to edit this entry














 Info
 Services
 Location






          More Information About

        Todd Stephen Carran, M.D.


Todd Stephen Carran, M.D. is located in Everett, Washington. More information about the insurance they accept and/or the services they offer can be found by contacting them directly.

If you have a specific question about medical services or treatment, you are encouraged to contact them directly at their Everett location.
They offer services in English and may also offer bi-lingual or ASL support. Please inquire with them, on the phone or in person.


          Review Guidelines

Rehab Reviews is always looking for more authentic Todd Stephen Carran, M.D. reviews from people who have first-hand experience with their professional services.  Please leave your review here for others who may be looking for drug addiction rehab, alcohol addiction rehab, or mental treatment centers.
Colorful language is acceptable, but please refrain from threats, hate speech, and/or other displays of bigotry. Please don’t reveal personal information about Todd Stephen Carran, M.D. or their staff, employees, clients, or patients.
Please don’t take content from someone else’s review and post it here. Rehab Reviews encourages real reviews from actual experiences.
If you are an authorized representative of Todd Stephen Carran, M.D., you may contact us to resolve disputed or factually untrue information, but please don’t write promotional content about your own facility.
If you are a resident of Washington and have information that can help improve the quality of the information in our listing, you can contact us directly.












Todd Stephen Carran, M.D.

              916 Pacific Avenue

              Everett, WA 98201
              (map)
            
(425) 258-7390 







Nearby Buprenorphine







 

Providence Behavioral Health
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

Gale W. Lewis, M.D.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

William E. Dickinson, D.O.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)











 

Supriya A. Kang, M.D.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

Vijay James Francis, M.D.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

Donald Dillinger, M.D.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)







+ Add Review
Reviews

This listing has not yet been reviewed. Click here to add a review.
        




Featured Listings






 
Evolutions Treatment Center
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Access Malibu
Read More
  (1 Review)










 
Discovery Place
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Soul of Healing Inc US Non
Read More
  (0 Reviews)






Free Insurance Benefits Check





AdLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment.


Seeking Help For *
- Select -SelfLoved one


Insurance Company Name *



Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *



Best time to call 



Your Phone Number *



Submit Information





Find Addiction Help Near You








Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists


Search Addiction Help























Home - InventRight





































































Need Help?
1-800-701-7993

 

HomeAboutAbout StephenStephen's ProductsStephen's AwardsStephen's PatentsAbout AndrewOur TeamOur MissionRequest More InfoTestimonialsOne-On-One CoachingHelpWhat is LicensingLicensing LibraryIs Your Product Right for Shark Tank?Licensing TermsStartup ResourcesDo you really need a patent?The 32 Most Common Problems Inventors FaceHow To Patent An IdeaHelpful BooksInterviews With Successful InventorsCompanies Looking For IdeasPressPodcastsInterviews With Successful InventorsSpeaking EventsContactMembersLoginLearn More 








LEARN MORELicensing Your Idea!From idea to product on the shelf in 12 months.  InventRight works!!!
— Tushar
Congratulations Tushar On
They Have LicensedOver 20 Products!We bought your program and began to throw our ideas out there. You and Andrew were fantastic and continue to be such a great resource for aspiring inventors. — Laura & Latham G.
Congratulations Latham & Laura
Just Signed His Licensing Agreement"Thank you for your wonderful support that helped me reach this significant achievement. No doubt the inventRight system is working. I'm always focused on the next step."
— Tomer
Tomer from Israel
Just Published His First Book!All that I want to say is -- Because of InventRight -- Here I Am Today.
My book "TOWARDS THIN AIR" published by LifeRich Publishing an imprint of "Readers Digest" Launched Globally and the response is very good within the first two weeks. – Dr. Vijay Malur
inventRight Student Vijay Malur
To One Company!“With deep gratitude I acknowledge the importance of the inventRight program in my success. Thanks inventRight team for your infectious enthusiasm for licensing, you are the best investment for inventors who want to make money with their creations.” – Damien T. - Canada
He Did It! Damien Just Licensed 7 Ideas
Walgreens & Walmart"I have successfully licensed FasciaDerm to a major Company.
THANK YOU INVENTRIGHT!!!"
— Donald B.
Don's Product Is Available Nationwide In
Available Nationwide"I'm kicking myself for not finding inventRight years ago. I can't believe I ever attempted this on my own!" – Ryan
Ryan's Woof Washer 360
At Walmart, Petco, PetSmart,
Target, HSN, Amazon, & More!
He Just Signed A SixFigure Book Deal!Stephen didn’t need to reach out. He didn’t need to make introductions. But he helped me grow! Literally everybody wins. All because of fearless generosity with his connections and time. — Daniel D.
Congratulations Daniel
Your Product Is SellingAt Lowes!Having spent the last 11 years doing everything the hard way, I can certainly appreciate the methods that you’re teaching. Andrew and Stephen are a great team, and I’m constantly learning new things from you guys. — Joel T.
Congratulations Joel
He Just Signed His FirstLicensing Deal!The money spent on Stephen’s book and inventRight coaching is insignificant compared to their value.   If you want to make money on your ideas, I strongly recommend them both. — Barton W.
Congratulations Barton
$1 Million By TwoOf The Sharks"Stephen has been a guiding light every single step of the way.  I can honestly say Stephen has been an instrumental “Key” to my success." – Alvin Uy
Alvin & Ray Got Offered
I am in a village in Indiaand playing the biggestInventRight is sure making a difference. It still feels surreal to me.  — Sathish M
game in the world.SUPPORTING OURSERVICE MEMBERSAll active duty and veteran U.S. Military members
receive a 15% discount.
inventRight is proudly dedicated to
Venturing Your Idea!It's Selling At HomeDepot.comI wanted to say thanks, and keep up the good work. We are experiencing excellent month-over-month sales growth, and have just nibbled the edges of the opportunity ahead of us.   — Corey K.
Congratulations Corey On The Success With
He Licensed His ProductIn Just 3 Months!The consultant from the University of North Florida was worthless, but the inventRight coach, Judy DePrang, was invaluable.  I successfully licensed SunStop Visors less than 3 months after becoming an inventRight student. — Michael D.
Congratulations Michael
Licensed His Idea"I have Stephen Key to thank for teaching me how to successfully license The HEFT. The HEFT is now in over 1,000 stores across Canada." — Marco L.
Marco From Canada
She Just Signed Her FirstLicensing Agreement!Joining inventRight has undoubtedly provided me with the foundation I needed to get in the game, and Coach David helped bring it all home for the win! David's expertise in licensing has been one of the strongest assets to building my business. Thank you inventRight! — Lynn S.
Congratulations Lynn
The #1 Selling Posture-CorrectiveTherapy Back Brace In The World."This takes guts, but if you follow the inventRight method you achieve goals effortlessly. Its about sticking to the program...one that works!!  The best investment we have made to date is becoming students of the inventRight system.  Thanks guys, we are well on our way to unlimited success." — Marina P.
Congratulations Marina On Almost 1 Million Sold!
For Licensing Over40 Product Ideas!Keith has licensed over 40 product ideas. Here is just one of his latest ideas, Breathe Right. Great job Keith!
Congratulations Keith
From Australia ForLicensing Your First Idea!The inventRight process itself is well thought out and very clear with massive amounts of back up material to answer any questions. Being part of the inventRight family meant you never felt alone, even though I live in Australia and felt like a total foreigner in the American market. — Martin L.
Congratulations Martin L. 
Another Hit ToyWith Fat Brain Toys"Never doubt the influence and impact of your efforts Stephen. Here’s another feather for your cap. Forever grateful my friend." – Scott
Scott Baumann Launches
Nokero SolarI highly recommend that entrepreneurs learn the 10 step inventRight system because it greatly reduces the risk and accelerates the path from idea to product. — Steve Katsaros
Steve Katsaros Used What
He Learned To Start
$460,000 For His ProductIf you're and idea maker, a tinkerer, an inventor, and don't know how to take your idea to the next level, Stephen's course along with the mentoring will be key in your success. – Miguel V.
Miguel Raised Over
On Kickstarter & Signed A
Licensing Agreement!
Still Collecting RoyaltiesInventRight served as our support team as we navigated the negotiation process licensing our product.  We found the breadth of background knowledge through inventRight to be helpful in understanding the various aspects of a deal. InventRight definitely helped us get much better terms than we would have gotten on our own. — Hetal & Eva
Congratulations Hetal & Eva
After All These Years!Plastic rings are going togo away forever thanks toyour great innovation!"It's been an incredible journey, one that could not have taken place without you." – Kevin L.
Congratulations Kevin.
You Just Licensed YourProduct, Obscure!My coaches AmyJo and David have been incredibly encouraging and supportive, making the whole process enjoyable and fun. I highly, highly recommend inventRight to anyone interested in licensing their ideas. — Dave C.
Congratulations Dave
For Licensing YourFirst Idea!Thanks for empowering so many people.  Lives are being transformed for the better.  The quality of the inventRight program and the care that you have for others is incredible. — Bryan C.
Congratulations Bryan
Seven Figure DealLicensing Her Product!"Stephen Key is the real deal. Without his knowledge and willingness to share it, I would not have been able to successfully bring my own product to market." – Nancy T.
Nancy Got A
Your Connect A Clip Is NowSold On HomeDepot.cominventRight coaches make themselves available when you need them and provide a wealth of information to help you make informed decisions. – Chris G.
Congratulations Chris & Jeff
Number OneBest Selling Toy at Fat Brain Toys for
Christmas 2015.
Scott's Squigz™ Remain The
"Never doubt the influence and impact of your efforts Stephen. Here’s another feather for your cap. Forever grateful my friend."  — Scott Baumann
Over 12,000 StoresWorld Wide!"Stephen gave me substantial concrete feedback, gained from years of his taking ideas and turning them into successful products." – Todd B.
Todd's Product Is In
He Just LicensedHis First Idea!"The whole INVENTRIGHT team has a vast amount of knowledge, this is something that you can't get at ANY cost." — Gene K.
Congratulations Gene!
Another Hit Product"My products are flying off the shelves. Thanks Stephen for teaching me the path to success." – Keith M.
Congratulations Keith
AquaRocket
Licensing YourBikini BandsLike a fine oiled machine, the inventRight team helped me through every step of the way.  The knowledge and encouragement I received from my coach Terry was absolutely invaluable. — Candice
Congratulations Candice On
Bed Bath & Beyond &The Container StoreIf my company and product make up my body, then Stephen and inventRight are my right arm! I would not be where I am today without their inspriation and guidance! –Allan T.
Allan's Product Is Now In
LicensedAnother IdeaI can’t tell you how much I appreciate your accessibility and willingness to talk things through with me. I think anyone would be hard-pressed to find such valuable advice at such a fair price. – Howie Busch
inventRight Coach Howie Busch
You Just Licensed FitWhiskEveryone has ideas. Those ideas only become a reality when the right actions are taken. As a successful business woman, certified personal trainer, and fitness model, I had an idea on how to create a healthier fitness mixing bottle for nutritional supplements. I made a few very costly mistakes until I found InventRight. Within one year, I was able to secure a licensing agreement. I encourage you to take full advantage of the amazing resources offered by the InventRight team. — Angela Dayton
Congratulations Angela
Switchkick NowSold In Guitar Center"Stephen’s system actually worked... and exactly like you said it would!" – Kevin S.
Congratulations Kevin.
Licensed His Idea"Thanks for all your assistance which was
fundamental in pulling the agreement terms
together." — Craig C.
Australian Student Craig
For Licensing YourFirst Idea!InventRight takes what can seem like an overwhelming journey from “idea to launch” and breaks it into to very simple and attainable steps.  — Donielle S.
Congratulations Donielle
Licensing His First Idea“inventRight has been priceless. I would have been absolutely lost if I tried to figure all of this out on my own. Thank you Stephen & everyone at inventRight!”
– J. Andre
Congratulations J. Andre For
WINNING ABC'sThe Toy Box!Congratulations Ryan On
Over 40 worldwide licensed productsresponsible for producing more than"InventRight provides the map, but Stephen Key and Andrew Krauss are experienced licensing sherpas there by your side to guide you all the way to the top." — Scott
inventRight Student Scott Baumann has
$30 million in gross retail sales.Your Product Is InWalmart!Thank you, this would not have been possible without you. Thanks for presenting this opportunity to me. — Juan H.
Congratulations Juan and Charity
She Just LicensedHer First Idea!"It's hard to put into words what you have truly given me. YOU and the inventRight family have empowered me to believe in myself and that I can learn. YOU are changing lives!" — Tina S.
Congratulations Tina
He Just LicensedHis First Idea!With the help of my fantastic coach David, and then with Stephen jumping in with his 75 MPH speed power, it happened! I LICENSED MY IDEA! — Yehuda G.
Congratulations Yehuda G.
You Just Signed Your FirstLicensing Agreement!I LICENSED my product! You can finally add me to your list of inventRight Students that got their first contract. It will appear soon in an As Seen on TV ad campaign. What a roller coaster ride it has been! Every single day I recall your advice to just "keep moving it forward." And it worked!  — Susan
Congratulations Susan
Signed A LicensingDeal For His IdeaI honestly think that anyone thinking of getting into the world of licensing would be making a big mistake not joining InventRight. – Howie Busch
Congratulations inventRight Coach Howie Busch
In Over40 Countries!Our students prove that you can license your ideas from anywhere in the world!
inventRight Students
For Licensing YourFirst Idea!I finally signed my first licensing agreement! Thank you InventRight!! You're a dream come true!!  — Ryan A.
Congratulations Ryan
10's of Millions Sold"Stephen puts it into a very Easy To Follow Process. Product Developing, Inventing, Patenting, and Licensing, has been my life, and I have made $Millions…YOU CAN TOO!!!" – Gene L.
Congratulations Gene!
You Just Licensed21 Products At Once!Thanks for teaching me the ropes and providing encouragement at every step. I’m having a blast!” — Arleta D.
Congratulations Arleta
Launching Your Drip Clip!I want to personally thank Stephen, David and Andrew at inventRight for helping me navigate through the journey of having an idea for a product, to seeing it on store shelves!  Without the support of the inventRight program, I wouldn't be where I am today.   — Greta L.
Congratulations Greta On
 









If you have an idea for a new product, you need to start your own business to bring it to market, right?
Wrong! 
Not everyone has the experience, time, money or even desire to start a business.
There is an alternative. It's called licensing.
You do not have to write a business plan, source manufacturing, develop a marketing strategy, spend money on advertising, or find distribution. 
With licensing, you can simply ‘rent’ your idea to a company and receive royalties in return. In other words, create a flow of passive income! 
The benefits of licensing are many. One of the biggest is that it requires little to no financial risk. You do not have to raise capital or quit your day job. You can focus on being creative and developing more products rather then the day-to-day details of running a business.
Licensing is also the fastest way to market. When you leverage the power of a Fortune 500 company that has shelf space in place already, you win.Let Us Show You How To License Your Product Ideas!inventRight helps people bring their ideas to market faster and far more cost-effectively than the traditional business model you’re familiar with, aka venturing.   
Instead, we teach our students how to apply the simple 10 step process created by Stephen Key and Andrew Krauss and introduced in their book: One Simple Idea: How to Turn Your Product Idea Into a Licensing Goldmine.
Here’s why you should join us!

You don’t have to do this alone, you will have the support of a team.

A personal coach will guide you for six months, follow up on your progress, and mentor you through our 10 step program.
Experts (such as patent attorneys) and successful inventors teach weekly webinars and answer questions on all of the ten steps.
The entire inventRight community is available for questions and answers through our members-only forum.


You don’t have to spend a lot of time; you will learn how to move quickly. If you follow our coaches’ advice you can have your product in front of a company in 60 days!

Identify the right companies to submit your products.
Get your product in front of the right people for evaluation.
Make powerful selling tools quickly (sell sheets and videos). In fact, your first sell sheet is free through our Design Studio.


You don’t have to spend a lot of money; you will learn to do many things yourself. Let our coaches teach you the shortcuts.

Make your own powerful selling tools using a computer and a Smartphone.
Write unlimited Provisional Patent Applications using SmartIP – protecting your idea while saving thousands of dollars of legal expense.
Negotiate your own licensing contract with our step by step coaching – getting the deal you want while saving thousands on attorney fees.



Interested? Click here for more information!

Here are some links to learn more about the inventRight community.
Stephen Key/Andrew Krauss, Co-Founders – who are they?
Student Testimonials - Students who have licensed their ideas using inventRight
Coaches - Who are they?Want More inventRight?
Check out our YouTube Channel - inventRightTV below.





Like Us On FaceBook



inventRight
Connecting You With Companies Looking for IdeasLearn How inventRight Helps You Play The Product Licensing Negotiation Game!
The inventRight approach to licensing reduces legal fees, can save you money on patent applications, and guides you through negotiations all while providing you with a full-time consultant. When you begin the program, your coach will evaluate your idea and provide the best strategy for you. Once you find your potential licensee, Stephen Key and Senior Licensing Coach David Fedewa will step in to provide professional guidance and ensure that you get the licensing deal you want. We care about every student. Our personal touch, along with the support of the entire inventRight community, is what helps our students to be so successful.
Click here to schedule an appointment with us today to get started.One Simple IdeaUpdated And Revised Edition Now Available! Over 460 Five Star Reviews On Amazon
“One Simple Idea is one of McGraw-Hill Professional's bestselling books on entrepreneurship."
— Cheryl Ringer | Editor | McGraw-Hill Professional
Learn More HereCatch Stephen Speaking In A City Near You!Meet Stephen, get your books signed and learn how you can bring your ideas to market through licensing.Click Here To Find A Speaking Location!Stephen dishes out advice about how to become a successful entrepreneur each week, drawing on his years of experience as a small business owner and product developer.Click To ReadStephen’s goal is to get the word out about licensing. With that aim in mind, he publishes a weekly column for Inc.com entitled “The Licensing Lifestyle.” Everything you’ve ever wanted to know about licensing can be found here.Click To ReadWe're excited to announce Stephen has begun writing for the popular product design website Core77!Click To Read
Sign Up & Get A Free EBook
Want to keep up to date with all our latest news and information? Sign up for our newsletter and get this free Ebook - Getting In. This Ebook is full of strategies and tips for helping you get into those companies and sell your ideas. Plus as a bonus you will get access to an hour long webinar where we discuss the book and how to use the techniqes outlined to get you in the door. 
 
Enter your information to the right to get instant access to this ebook and free webinar.  
 
Your Information is Safe With us! We will not sell/rent your information.



 
 


 
About Us
inventRight is a one-on-one coaching program founded by Stephen Key and Andrew Krauss. inventRight’s aim is to empower inventors with the knowledge, guidance, and help they need to license their ideas.



 
Contact Us
1-800-701-7993 (U.S. & Canada)
1-650-793-1477 (Alaska, Hawaii & International callers)
Skype - inventright


 
Social Media Links
 Facebook
 Twitter
 YouTube
  
 





 Home About About Stephen Stephen's Products Stephen's Awards Stephen's Patents About Andrew Our Team Our Mission Request More Info Testimonials One-On-One Coaching Help What is Licensing Licensing Library Is Your Product Right for Shark Tank? Licensing Terms Startup Resources Do you really need a patent? The 32 Most Common Problems Inventors Face How To Patent An Idea Helpful Books Interviews With Successful Inventors Companies Looking For Ideas Press Podcasts Interviews With Successful Inventors Speaking Events Contact Members Login Learn More

 
 












Welcome to inventRight
One-on-one Coaching Program!
We are here to help! Do you want to bring your products to market? To learn how to get started, click below to book an appointment and co-founder Andrew Krauss or another member of our team will contact you. Or call us at 1-800-701-7993
  

 




 








Stephen Sondheim, interview: 'I'm not pretentious, I'm a product of Broadway' - Telegraph































































































































Accessibility links

Skip to article
Skip to navigation






Telegraph.co.uk














		Saturday 29 July 2017















Home
Video
News
World
Sport
Business
Money
Comment
Culture
Travel
Life
Women
Fashion
Luxury
Tech
Film










Film
TV and Radio
Books
Music
Comedy
Art
Theatre
Photography
Dance
Opera
Hay Festival
Glyndebourne




Drama
Telegraph Box Office
Stage Video
Theatre Trailers





Advertisement










Home»
Culture»
Theatre











Stephen Sondheim, interview: 'I'm not pretentious, I'm a product of Broadway'

At 84, Stephen Sondheim is musical theatre's most fiercely intelligent voice. 
  Ahead of the revival of his 1991 classic 'Assassins', he talks to Dominic 
  Cavendish 












Stephen Sondheim Photo: Rex









 






							By 
											Dominic Cavendish

2:27PM GMT 01 Dec 2014

Follow


 


 Stephen Sondheim, America’s most venerated living composer and lyricist, calls me from his Connecticut home on a Sunday. It’s lunchtime there but, he explains, “I don’t have lunch because food puts me to sleep and then I’ll get no work done.”  Work? You bet. Though Sondheim is 84, there’s creative life in the old dog yet. As the Menier Chocolate Factory in London revives Assassins (1991), his stylistically daring and provocative (because it is not wholly unsympathetic) group-portrait of nine US Presidential assassins and would-be assassins, he’s toiling away on what promises to be the 16th major musical for which he has produced both score and lyrics.  The longevity of his career – its productivity, variety and ingenuity too – is remarkable. If it’s generally accepted that Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II propelled the American musical away from fluffy entertainment into a new era with Show Boat (1927), in which the “play” now became the thing around which the music had to cohere, Sondheim in turn is widely acknowledged as having expanded further the possibilities of the form over the past half-century.   Catherine Tate, pictured here in rehearsal for Assassins, plays Sara Jane Moore (PHOTO: Nobby Clark)  Though he regards such sweeping overviews as a “fool’s game”, there’s no doubting the artistic intent in his work, a reaching after perfection in every note, every word, that makes the competition look as if it’s not trying hard enough. With Sondheim, life isn’t reducible to boy meets girl, or phantom falls for opera starlet. With musicals such as A Little Night Music, Follies and Sweeney Todd he tackles the big questions: who we are, how we cope with the business of being alive. Confusion, angst, regret, ambivalence and the keenest human yearnings are his stock‑in‑trade. 
Related Articles



Into the Woods: new trailer

06 Nov 2014



The 10 worst musicals of all time

13 Feb 2015



Lion King named highest-grossing production of all time

22 Sep 2014



How Into The Woods conquered Disney's fear of the dark

07 Jan 2015



 He has won eight Tony awards (more than any other composer), eight Grammy awards, a Pulitzer Prize too. The world’s most successful producer of musicals Cameron Mackintosh has described him as “possibly the greatest lyricist ever”. In a sense, we’re still only coming to grips with his genius.  Despite all this, he seems curiously downbeat about the cultural impact of his work. “How much effect does the theatre have on life?” he asks. “In the Twenties, theatre had an effect on public thinking. I think today by the time a show gets on [stage] the idea has already passed. Theatre is now a cottage industry and a cottage entertainment – it doesn’t have much influence.”  Still, he keeps making it. He confirms that he’s now working on an as-yet-untitled show with the American playwright David Ives that will combine the storylines of two classic surrealist films by Luis Buñuel: The Exterminating Angel (1962) and The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie (1972). The latter famously centres on the abortive attempts by a group of friends to go out to dinner. In the former, guests at a swish dinner party find themselves mysteriously trapped in the music room after supper.  “It’s a notion I’ve had for a long time, to take those two films, and blend them together into some kind of musical piece because they have a similar plot,” he explains. “It was prompted by something somebody said, which was that one of the major forms of entertainment these days is eating out. I thought that was a funny and sharp statement – and I think a correct one.”  He hopes the project will see the light of day, but the frequent revivals of his work around the world ensure that Sondheim fans are not going to be deprived of material in the meantime. In the spring, Emma Thompson and Bryn Terfel will bring his Sweeney Todd to the stage of the ENO but, before that, January will see the release of the Hollywood film version of Into the Woods, Sondheim and James Lapine’s dazzlingly inventive interweaving (and deconstruction of) familiar fairy tales. The Disney Studios production bodes well on multiple fronts, even if Sondheim, having seen an early cut, will only venture that he likes what he has seen so far. Its director is Rob Marshall, who won an Oscar for his film adaptation of Chicago, and the stellar cast includes Meryl Streep, Johnny Depp (so memorable as the lead in the big screen incarnation of Sweeney Todd) and James Corden.   Meryl Streep plays The Witch in Sondheim's movie musical Into The Woods. (PHOTO: Disney)  Throughout our conversation Sondheim sounds remarkably peppy and still fiercely intelligent. Yet one of the frustrations – and fascinations – of talking to him is his reluctance to tally what he has produced with what he has experienced.  He bats away an inquiry as to why misfits and loners crop up so much in his work, not an unexpected one, given that he spent much of his life romantically unattached, wrestled somewhat with his homosexuality and first found love only in his 60s: “From Oedipus through Hamlet that’s the stuff of drama,” he says. “It has nothing to do with me.”  It would take far more getting to know him, too, to probe his notoriously difficult relationship with his mother, “Foxy”, a fashion designer who became emotionally abusive after her husband, Herbert, a New York dress manufacturer, left the marriage when Sondheim was 10. As Meryle Secrest’s 1998 biography chillingly records, his mother once sent him a letter that bore the words: “The only regret I have in life is giving you birth”. However, when they moved to Bucks County, Pennsylvania, she introduced him to a hugely influential figure – and almost a surrogate father – Oscar Hammerstein, who lived nearby.  Yet if Sondheim refuses to wear his heart on his sleeve, he’s more than happy to air his thoughts on his art. He considers Assassins his most accomplished musical: “John Weidman [the librettist] and I knew what we wanted to do, and we did it. I judge pieces that way. How many places are there where you’d say, ‘If I only knew how to fix that’? I look at Assassins, and with a few exceptions, it fulfils all my expectations.”  The show brings together some of America’s best-known assassins – Lee Harvey Oswald and John Wilkes Booth – with lesser-known historical figures – Charles Guiteau, Samuel Byck and Sara Jane Moore, played in Jamie Lloyd’s new revival by Andy Nyman, Mike McShane and Catherine Tate. They’re pitched into eerie, at times disconcertingly jaunty dialogue with each other in a fairground shooting booth. Though the piece won acclaim on its UK premiere by Sam Mendes at the Donmar Warehouse in 1992, its chances in New York were scuppered by the upsurge in patriotism during the Gulf War.  “It seemed like the wrong time to question the principles on which America was built,” Sondheim recalls, reasserting its underlying seriousness. “Every time I saw a reference to the show as ‘singing and dancing assassins’ it would just p‑‑‑ me off, pardon the expression. Sing they do, but when they dance they’re not happy about it.  “Nobody at the end of the show should feel that we have been excusing or sentimentalising these people. We’re examining the system that causes these horrors. The US Constitution guarantees the pursuit of happiness. It doesn’t guarantee the happiness. That’s the difference. These are people who feel they’ve been cheated of their happiness, each one in a different way.”  Talk turns to the future. Does it matter how subsequent generations respond to his work? “If I get bad reviews after I’m dead, do I really care? If I get good reviews after I’m dead, do I care? If you can’t enjoy or complain about them, what’s the point?”  He laughs, then seems to change his mind: “Of course, I’d love the work to be done. And for what will sound like a very mealy-mouthed reason. I want people to enjoy what I write. I’m a product of Broadway no matter how pretentious anybody thinks what I write is. I’m not writing for myself. I’m writing to entertain, to make people laugh and cry and think. I want as big an audience as possible.”  Assassins is at the Menier Chocolate Factory, London SE1 (020 7378 1713; menierchocolatefactory.com), until March 7  Into the Woods is out on January 9 (certificate PG) 




 








Theatre





Culture »


Dominic Cavendish »


Culture News »


Theatre Features »


Theatre News »













 


Special offers on theatre tickets from Telegraph Box Office











In Theatre






 


Olivier Awards 2015








 


The best West End musicals








 


Shakespeare: 10 amazing facts








 


Monty Python reunion: their films in pictures








 


Book of Mormon: Trey Parker and Matt Stone's best moments






















Top Galleries





Tom Hanks: the iconic roles




 


 Film


Tom Hanks's varied career includes playing detectives, gay lawyers, castaways, 
  cartoon cowboys and gangsters. 






Spencer Tunick's photographs




 




A survey of the artist's mass-nudity photographs around the world, as he 
  prepares to undress England.






Cold Feet: then and now, in pictures




 


 TV and Radio


As Cold Feet prepares to return for a new series, we look at what the cast 
  have been doing since the comedy drama finished in 2003 






Woody Allen's 30 best one-liners




 


 Comedy


Martin Chilton selects 30 great one-liners from the comedian and film 
  star Woody Allen






The best British political insults




 


 Culture


A hilarious history of political insults and putdowns, from Churchill to 
  Corbyn 






Culture stars who died in 2016




 


Culture News


We celebrate and remember the culture stars who have passed away in 2016






US Presidents: 30 great one-liners




 


 Books


Great quotes from White House incumbents: will Donald Trump be joining them? 






100 funny jokes by 100 comedians




 


 Comedy


One hundred whip-smart wisecracks






The Big Short hits UK cinemas: these are the best films about business




 




The Big Short, the film adaptation of Michael Lewis' book of the same name 
  about the causes of the financial crisis, opens in UK cinemas this weekend. 
  How will the story stack up against the greatest films about business? 






Best quotes about Europe and Europeans




 


 Culture


Europe has been a place of battles and political intrigue for centuries. As we 
  approach a vote on the UK's membership of the European Union, we look at 
  what 50 writers, actors, historians, artists and comedians have said about 
  Europe and its nations.






Bob Marley: in pictures




 


 Music


Reggae singer Bob Marley died of cancer on May 11, 1981






40 great quotes about marriage




 


 Culture


Martin Chilton looks at quotes about matrimony from Socrates to Sinatra 






30 great closing lines in films




 


 Film


Casablanca actor Humphrey Bogart died on this day in 1957. Martin Chilton 
  looks at some great final lines to movies 






The Queen: in pictures




 


 Art


The Queen has been painted by artists from Andy Warhol to Lucien Freud


Comments






Willie Nelson's best 20 songs




 


 Music


Willie Nelson is one of the finest country singers and songwriters. Martin 
  Chilton picks his 20 best songs 









Advertisement

































Advertisement










Culture Galleries







 


100 funny jokes by 100 comedians








 


80 great quotes about love and romance








 


The best British political insults








 


The Simpsons: 40 best quotations








 


30 great one-liners








 


A history of the world in funny puns



 







Culture Video»










Oscars 2016 highlights











Chris Rock's funniest Oscars jokes











Come Dine with Me producer wins Oscar











Leo attends the Oscars after-party











Lady Gaga sings with sexual abuse survivors











Oscars 2016: Red carpet highlights



 













More from the web










Advertisement






Advertisement












More from the web 



























Telegraph Boxoffice Popular Shows»






1. The Play That Goes Wrong









2. Shakespeare In Love









3. The Audience









4. Beyond Bollywood









5. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory










More from the web
























 
				World News




 




                                The latest world news



                                View







 
				US News




 




                                Latest and breaking stories from the United States



                                View







 
				Film




 




                                All the latest film trailers, reviews and features



                                View







 
				Football




 




                                Catch up on all the latest football news



                                View












Back to top




HOME
Film
Film Reviews
Film News

Books

Book Reviews
Book Shop

 
Music
Music Reviews
Classical Music
Music Video

Music Festivals

Opera
Tickets

 
TV and Radio
TV Guide
Theatre
Theatre Reviews

Art

Dance
Dating

 
Culture News
Picture Galleries
Culture Video
Culture Critics

Photography

Crossword
Theatre Tickets

 
Contact us
Privacy and Cookies
Advertising
Fantasy Football


Announcements
Reader Prints






Follow Us
Apps
Epaper
Expat


Promotions
Subscriber
Syndication



 

© Copyright of Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Terms and Conditions 
Today's News
Archive
Style Book
Weather Forecast


 









































  Stephen M. Todd
































 
 








Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield, PLLCCivil Litigation Firm













Paralegals
Attorneys

R. Scott “Bud” Fallon
Nancy T. McKinley
Scott C. Wakefield
Dawna J. Campbell
Terry Harvey
Stephen M. Todd
Justin M. Monroe
Daniel R. Kirkpatrick
Nicole Wolfe
Rebecca Morris
Catrina Melograna


Practice Areas

Appellate Practice
Asbestos Claims
Construction Defect Claims
Construction Injury Claims
Consumer Protection Act Claims
Environmental and Toxic Tort Claims
Insurance Coverage
Insurance Property Claims
Liquor Liability
Personal Injury & Wrongful Death Claims
Premises Liability
Product Liability
Professional Negligence
Sexual Abuse and Harassment Litigation Claims
Timber Trespass and Landslide Claims
Uninsured and Underinsured Insurance Claims


Welcome to Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield, PLLC
 







 














Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield, PLLC



Successfully representing clients in resolving civil litigation matters throughout Washington State since 1986.







































Stephen M. Todd


Steve Todd has been a trial lawyer for over 30 years.
Steve has obtained defense verdicts in trials involving medical malpractice, professional malpractice, aviation insurance coverage, premises liability, wrongful death, auto, and a variety of products liability claims involving serious personal injuries.
Steve participated in the defense of the consulting engineering firm in the Washington Public Power Supply System (WPPSS) bond default securities litigation and served as local counsel for B.A.T Industries in the class action tobacco litigation.
As plaintiff counsel, Steve co-chaired a five-week age discrimination trial resulting in a judgment in excess of $2 million.  He obtained a judgment in excess of $18 million in a class action against the State of Washington involving public pension benefit calculations.
Steve’s current practice consists primarily of construction defect defense work.  He’s represented all levels of the construction industry including developers, design professionals, general contractors, construction managers and trades, in suits, arbitrations, and mediations.  Steve has chaired the Construction Section of the Washington Defense Trial Lawyers and speaks often at construction related CLE’s.  Steve is AV rated and has been recognized as a “Super Lawyer” by Washington Law and Politics since 2004.
EDUCATION

University of Washington School of Law, J.D., 1977
Honors: Symposium Editor, Washington Law Review, 1976-1977; Published Casenote, “Beyond Alyeska; Creating a Workable Private Attorney General Exception,” 51 W.L.R. 1047 (1976)
Duke University, B.A., cum laude, 1974

BACKGROUND
Steve served as law clerk to the Honorable Herbert A. Swanson, Washington State Court of Appeals – Division I from 1977-1979.  He is admitted to practice in the State of Washington, the United States District Court, Eastern and Western Districts of Washington, and the United States Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit.  He was a shareholder with Reed McClure in Seattle, practicing in civil litigation from 1979 to 1995.  In 1995, he formed Todd & Wakefield. In 2015, Todd & Wakefield merged with Fallon & McKinley to become Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield.
Steve lives in Seattle with his wife Dynva and has three daughters, Brittany, Stephanie, and Kelly, who has blessed him with a granddaughter and grandson.  Steve used to love mountain climbing but now finds kayaking a much easier way to enjoy the outdoors.  He enjoys woodworking and designs and builds cabinetry and furniture.  He still has all his fingers (knock on wood).
Email: stodd@fmwlegal.com



								 
							














Pages 
Attorneys
News
Paralegals
Practice Areas
Welcome to Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield, PLLC







 






 




 










Site Navigation 
Home
Attorneys
News

Paralegals
Practice Areas
 



Recent News Fallon & McKinley and Todd & Wakefield have merged as of December 2015. If there are any questions regarding the firm merger, feel free to contact us. Our new URL is www.fmwlegal.com. Our new email domain is @fmwlegal.com. Please update your browsers and contact lists accordingly. We look forward to hearing from you!
 



Info Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield, PLLC
1111 Third Avenue
Suite 2400
Seattle, WA. 98101

Phone: 206.682.7580
Fax: 206.682.3437
 











 
 
 







 Copyright © 2016 - Fallon, McKinley & Wakefield - All Rights Reserved
 





















	
			Practitioner Treatises | Legal Solutions






































This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data.










catPL
PL








Discover Thomson Reuters



USA - English


Australia    English

Canada    English

Canada    Français

Middle East    English

New Zealand    English

UK & Ireland    English

thomsonreuters.com

View all sites



Product Logins


site login


Contact Us







Cart 0







Financial &  Risk

Innovation

Legal

Reuters News Agency

Tax & Accounting




Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu









Your browser is not supported by this site.
Please update to the latest version, or use a different browser for the best experience.
Learn more 























Legal Solutions | USA












Free Standard Shipping on books!


Advanced Search




Law Books


Solutions


Support


Insights & Trends 



















				Home 
		
						>
						 Publication Types
					
					 >
					Practitioner Treatises







Browse Practitioner Treatises:


Jurisdiction




 National
						(67) 


 Federal
						(60) 


 Texas
						(24) 


 Minnesota
						(20) 


 Florida
						(17) 



						... Show Me More
					




Alabama
						(9)


Arizona
						(1)


Arkansas
						(2)


California
						(1)


Colorado
						(12)


Federal
						(60)


Florida
						(17)


Georgia
						(8)


Illinois
						(1)


Indiana
						(1)


International
						(5)


Iowa
						(6)


Kentucky
						(6)


Louisiana
						(4)


Massachusetts
						(2)


Minnesota
						(20)


Mississippi
						(10)


Missouri
						(6)


National
						(67)


Nebraska
						(3)


New Jersey
						(4)


New York
						(4)


Ohio
						(1)


Pennsylvania
						(4)


Texas
						(24)


Washington
						(7)



					... Show Me Less
				






Practice Area




 Litigation and Appeals
						(48) 


 Civil Procedure
						(35) 


 General Practice
						(27) 


 Criminal Law and Procedure
						(26) 


 Business and Commercial Law
						(24) 



						... Show Me More
					




Administrative Law
						(4)


Admiralty and Maritime Law
						(2)


Alternative Dispute Resolution
						(1)


Antitrust, Trade Regulation
						(5)


Banking and Finance Law
						(8)


Bankruptcy Law
						(6)


Business Organizations Law
						(23)


Business and Commercial Law
						(24)


Civil Procedure
						(35)


Commercial Law
						(10)


Communications and Media Law
						(1)


Constitutional Law, Civil Rights
						(3)


Construction Law
						(8)


Consumer Law
						(6)


Criminal Law and Procedure
						(26)


Damages, Remedies
						(5)


Elder Law, Social Security
						(2)


Energy and Natural Resources Law
						(1)


Environmental Law
						(8)


Estate Planning
						(12)


Ethics and Professional Responsibility
						(1)


Evidence
						(12)


Family Law
						(9)


General Practice
						(27)


Government Agencies and Programs
						(5)


Government Contracts
						(3)


Health and Health Care Law
						(1)


Immigration and Naturalization Law
						(1)


Insurance Law
						(5)


Intellectual Property Law
						(16)


International Law
						(8)


Juvenile Law
						(2)


Labor and Employment Law
						(6)


Law Enforcement
						(1)


Law Office Management
						(2)


Litigation and Appeals
						(48)


Municipal Government
						(5)


Negligence, Personal Injury, Torts
						(18)


Products Liability Law
						(3)


Real Estate Law
						(24)


Science and Technology Law
						(3)


Securities Law
						(14)


Taxation Law
						(5)


Transportation Law
						(2)


Wills, Trusts, Probate
						(2)


Workers Compensation Law
						(10)


Zoning and Land Use
						(7)



					... Show Me Less
				






Product Format




 eBook - ProView
						(169) 


 Book - hardbound
						(94) 


 Book - softbound
						(93) 


 Binder/Looseleaf
						(32) 


 CD-ROM
						(3) 



						... Show Me More
					




Binder/Looseleaf
						(32)


Book - hardbound
						(94)


Book - multiple format
						(2)


Book - softbound
						(93)


CD-ROM
						(3)


eBook - ProView
						(169)



					... Show Me Less
				







Can We Help?  Contact Us  Call 1-888-728-7677



Practitioner Treatises


















Sort by: 


											Top Sellers

											Product Title A-Z

											Product Title Z-A















Redfearn Wills and Administration in Georgia, 2016-2017 ed.







Redfearn Wills and Administration in Georgia is a complete guide to wills and the administration of estates from the petition-for-letters to the final discharge of the personal representative.


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$190.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$190.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Trawick's Florida Practice & Procedure, 2017 ed.






		
		







		Trawick explains the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure, taking a case from discovery through trial.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$489.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$489.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































New York Practice, 5th (Practitioner Treatise Series)







This title provides authoritative guidance on New York practice, reflecting statutory and caselaw changes, and amended disclosure provisions.


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$302.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$302.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Litigation: The Law of Section 1983, 4th






		
		







		Comprehensive coverage of all aspects of Section 1983, discussing procedure, substantive law, cases, and decisions.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$708.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$708.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Georgia Law of Torts—Trial Preparation and Practice, 2017 ed.






		
		







		This title gives guidance and practice tips for handling personal injury cases in Georgia.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$205.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$205.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Construction Schedule Delays, 2016 ed.






		
		







		This book is an invaluable reference for any lawyer, construction, or engineering practitioner who deals with construction schedule delays, from project negotiation through litigation.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$141.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
				

































Florida Appellate Practice, 2017 ed. (Vol. 2, Florida Practice Series)






		
		







		Provides a step-by-step analysis of the appellate process for Florida.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$515.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$515.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Florida DUI Handbook, 2016-2017 ed. (Vol. 11, Florida Practice Series)






		
		







		This work provides a guide to understanding and addressing Florida-specific issues in DUI cases.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$407.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$407.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Missouri Approved Jury Instructions (MAI), Civil, 7th







This title is designed to assist in the preparation of jury instructions in the state of Missouri.


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$255.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
				

































Litigating Truck Accident Cases, 2016-2017 ed. (AAJ Press)






		
		







		This work gives guidance for cases involving personal injury, death, or damages caused by trucks or commercial trailers.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$414.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$414.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Georgia Law of Torts, 2016-2017 ed.






		
		







		A comprehensive treatise on substantive Georgia tort law for the general practitioner or specialist.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$475.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$475.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Courtroom Handbook on Texas Evidence, 2017 ed. (Vol. 2A, Texas Practice Series)







This title contains Texas Rules of Evidence, plus analysis of evidentiary impact of discovery rules.


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$391.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$391.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Workers' Compensation Practice and Procedure, 2d (Vol. 17, Colorado Practice Series)






		
		







		Reference guide to major provisions of the Colorado Workers' Compensation Act, including case citations, sample forms and letters.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$218.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
				

































Wills and Administration of Estates in Mississippi, 3d (Mississippi Practice Series)






		
		







		This work gives you a complete overview of wills and estate administration in Mississippi.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$161.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$161.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Minnesota Probate Deskbook, 2016-2017 ed. (Vol. 24, Minnesota Practice Series)






		
		







		This manual takes you step-by-step through probate procedure typically used in Minnesota.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$138.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$138.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Bankruptcy Practice Handbook, 2d







These volumes guide you through every stage of the bankruptcy process – initial contact through final resolution – from the perspectives of debtor, creditor, and trustee.


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$1,155.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$1,155.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Florida Civil Practice, 2017 ed. (Vol. 5, Florida Practice Series)






		
		







		This work provides comprehensive information about the legal and practical aspects of civil practice in Florida.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$558.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$558.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Florida Motor Vehicle No-Fault Law, Personal Injury Protection (PIP), 2016-2017 ed. (Vol. 7, Florida Practice Series)






		
		







		This title provides a road map for handling personal injury protection issues under Florida's motor vehicle no-fault law.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$541.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$541.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































McCormick on Evidence, 7th (Practitioner Treatise Series)






		
		







		A comprehensive and authoritative analysis of the rules and theory of the law of evidence with a pragmatic approach.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$358.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$358.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Florida Law of Trusts, 2016-2017 ed. (Vol. 18, Florida Practice Series)






		
		







		This title reviews the law of trusts, including applicable rules, statutes, and cases and changes to the Florida Trust Code.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$203.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$203.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Alabama Automobile Insurance Law, 4th






		
		







		This is a quick reference to the complex and involved field of Alabama auto insurance law.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$198.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$198.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Litigating Mass Tort Cases (AAJ Press)






		
		







		Step-by-step guide to preparing, settling, and trying mass tort cases.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$386.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$386.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Nebraska Trials, 2016-2017 ed.






		
		







		Designed for in-court or outside use, provides access to basic principles, plus concise treatment of the law's critical aspects.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$163.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$163.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Trial Handbook for Illinois Lawyers, Civil, 8th






		
		







		This two-volume set is a guide through every stage of a civil trial and related legal issues in Illinois.
	


Book (Full Set)

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$664.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
					
					
						
ProView eBook
								
									 






	
	
		
			
			
				$664.00
			
		
	


								
								
					    



					
					
					 
						































Trawick’s Florida Practice & Procedure Forms, 2017 ed.








		
		
			New edition
		
						
	


		Companion volume to Florida Practice and Procedure, providing procedural forms in clear, accurate language.
	


Book

				
					
					

					
					 






	
	
		
			
			
				$591.00
			
		
	


				
				
				
				
				







































1
2
3
4
5






Next Page


























 













Customer Service


Contact Us



My Account



OnePass



Billing, Returns & Refunds



Book Pricing Options



Product Support


Support By Product



Reference Attorneys



Product Downloads



Law Librarian Resources



Small Firm Resources



Browse By Category


Small Law Firms



Large & Midsize Law Firms



Corporate Counsel



Government



Law Schools



 



Practice Area



Jurisdiction



Connect With Us

About Us


Email Exclusives & Newsletters


Headnote of the Day


West Key Authors


Legal Notices



































Careers

|

Site Map

|

Terms of Use

|

Privacy Statement


© 2017 Thomson Reuters




