







The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC -  Management Team, Executives, Board Members - Equilar Atlas 











 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC management team, executives and board members. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY the most recent The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC executives and board members.
												FOLLOW changes in The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC executives' and board members' employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC executives and board members through your network of contacts.
												







Formers (2)








															Stay current on former The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC executives and board members »
															


 







Michael T. Tokarz
															
Former Managing Member


View Full Profile









Warren E. Holtsberg
															
Former Co-Head, Portfolio Management


View Full Profile








 



Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC
















The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC Connections





															View the complete list »
														




Mueller Water Products, Inc.
(1 The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC  Executive)
														













			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Senior Management - MVC Capital, Inc.










































Home |  People | Senior Management 
    


Home
Recent News
Overview


About Us
History



Approach


Strategy & Criteria
Process



Investments



Portfolio


Executional Excellence




People



Senior Management


Corporate Finance & Compliance


Investment Team


Operations & Investor Relations




Investor Relations


Press Releases
SEC Filings
Events & Presentations
Annual Reports & Proxies
Stock Information
Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator
Net Asset Value (NAV)
Dividend History
DRIP Plan
Investor FAQs
Governance Documents
Board of Directors
Analyst Coverage



Contact







      The Tokarz Group Advisers’ experienced leadership team sets the tone and direction for the entire organization. 
          
TTG Advisers is headed by Michael Tokarz, who has over 30 years of lending and investment experience. We have a dedicated originations and transaction development advisory team that has significant experience in private equity, leveraged finance, investment banking and distressed debt transactions. The members of our advisory team have invested in and operated businesses during recessionary and expansionary periods and throughout the entire interest rate cycles. In addition to the team listed below, we also use the services of other investment professionals, with whom we have developed long-term relationships, on an as-needed basis.












Michael T. Tokarz

New York


	Mr. Tokarz is a senior investment professional with over 30 years of lending and investment experience. Prior to assuming his position as Chairman and Portfolio Head of MVC Capital (NYSE:MVC), a
READ MORE.









Warren E. Holtsberg

Chicago

                    Mr. Holtsberg is Co-Head of Portfolio Management of the Fund and is a member of the Board of Directors of MVC Capital (NYSE:MVC). Mr. Holtsberg, who joined TTGA in 2007, is a senior investment profess
READ MORE.









James J. Pinto




	James J. Pinto since November 2010 has been the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director MVC GP II, LLC, the General Partner of the MVC Private Equity Fund.   Since 1990 Mr. Pinto
READ MORE.









David J. Williams

Cincinnati


	David Williams joined MVC Capital in October 2014, as Sr. Managing Director to help lead the company’s junior debt strategy. Prior to joining MVC, Mr. Williams founded Fifth Thir
READ MORE.
















	Mr. Tokarz is a senior investment professional with over 30 years of lending and investment experience. Prior to assuming his position as Chairman and Portfolio Head of MVC Capital (NYSE:MVC), and prior to founding The Tokarz Group (in 2002), a private merchant bank of which he is Chairman, Mr. Tokarz was a General Partner with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. ("KKR"), one of the world's most experienced private equity firms. During his 18-year tenure at KKR, he participated in diverse leveraged buyouts, financings, restructurings and dispositions. Mr. Tokarz currently serves on corporate boards including Mueller Water Products, Inc., Walter Investment Management Corp. and CNO Financial Group. In addition, Mr. Tokarz is on the Board of Managers of Illinois Ventures, a University of Illinois-focused venture capital seed fund and high technology incubator, and is Chairman of a related private equity follow-on investment fund. Mr. Tokarz also serves as the Chairman Emeritus of the University of Illinois Foundation and its Investment and Executive Committees. Prior to his tenure at KKR, Mr. Tokarz was a commercial banker at Continental Illinois where he was renowned for innovation and buyout financings. Mr. Tokarz rose to run the East Coast operation of Continental Illinois from New York. He received his undergraduate degree with High Distinction in Economics, an MBA in Finance from the University of Illinois and is a Certified Public Accountant. He was selected as one of the "The Best Corporate Directors in America" by Outstanding Directors Exchange in 2007.
< Back











Mr. Holtsberg is Co-Head of Portfolio Management of the Fund and is a member of the Board of Directors of MVC Capital (NYSE:MVC). Mr. Holtsberg, who joined TTGA in 2007, is a senior investment professional with almost 20 years of lending and investment experience. In his role at TTGA, he sources and executes new investments and helps manage the Fund's global portfolio of private equity, venture, and small- and mid-cap debt and equity investments across a broad range of industries including technology, consumer/retail, energy and finance. He also heads the Chicago Office of TTGA. Previously, Mr. Holtsberg founded Motorola Ventures, the venture capital and private equity investment arm for Motorola, Inc. (NYSE:MOT) where he led the worldwide fund for eight years. Mr. Holtsberg was also a member of the Motorola Corporate Credit Committee. Before Motorola, Mr. Holtsberg spent two decades with the U.S. Government where he held a number of senior executive positions in the Aviation, Defense and Intelligence communities. Mr. Holtsberg serves on the Advisory Board of Arcapita Ventures, the private equity and venture capital arm of Arcapita Bank. Mr. Holtsberg is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Illinois Venture Capital Association, the Chicagoland Entrepreneurship Center, the Big Shoulders Fund for the Archdiocese of Chicago's inner-city school fund, and Illinois Ventures, a University of Illinois focused venture capital seed fund and high technology incubator, and he is a Director of a related private equity follow-on investment fund. Mr. Holtsberg is a graduate of the University of Illinois and the Kellogg Management Institute at Northwestern University J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management.
< Back












	James J. Pinto since November 2010 has been the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director MVC GP II, LLC, the General Partner of the MVC Private Equity Fund.   Since 1990 Mr. Pinto has been the President of PFG Corp. which is involved in private equity and debt investments.
	From 1987 to 1995, Mr. Pinto was a General Partner of Grace-Pinto LP, a $200 million fund, which completed a variety of transactions including open endings and proxy contests in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom.
	He has served on the Boards of a variety of publically traded companies with businesses in the cable, food, hotel, oil and gas, and toy industries, and private companies in the air cargo, medical devices, and information technology industries. Currently he serves on the Boards of private companies in the aerospace, automotive, and oil and gas industries.
	He is admitted to the practice of law in New York State and is a Member of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United States.  His government service includes Assistant to the Administrator, Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, Department of Justice; Attorney/Advisor, Department of Energy, International Trade and Emergency Preparedness, and Counsel to the White House Conference on Coal.  He is a former director of the Young Lawyers Division and a former officer of the International Law Section of the American Bar Association. 



	Mr. Pinto is a graduate of Georgetown University, from which he received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Urban Economics, and the Georgetown University Law Center, from which he received a Juris Doctor.  Mr. Pinto serves as a member of the Board of Directors of the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Organization, as well as a member of the Board of Visitors, Georgetown University Law Center. 
	 
< Back












	David Williams joined MVC Capital in October 2014, as Sr. Managing Director to help lead the company’s junior debt strategy. Prior to joining MVC, Mr. Williams founded Fifth Third Bank’s Mezzanine Finance Group. As a Senior Vice President and Managing Director of the Fifth Third Mezzanine Finance Group, Mr. Williams led or co-led more than 150 mezzanine transactions, representing over $800 million in mezzanine investments. Mr. Williams also led the efforts to establish Fifth Third’s Private Placements product. While at Fifth Third, Mr. Williams was responsible for the entire mezzanine finance product line including oversight of investment professionals. Prior to Fifth Third, he worked at First Interstate Bank, The Bank of California/Union Bank of California, and PNC. Mr. Williams is a graduate of Wittenberg University.
< Back






NYSE: MVC
10.34
 0.00 (0.00%)
4:02 PM ET on Jul 28, 2017
Delayed at least 20 minutes.







Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS














Home
Legal Disclosures
Privacy Policy



     © 2017 MVC Capital, Inc.







 

The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC is a venture capital and private equity firm specializing in loans, acquisition financing, mezzanine financing, management buyouts, leveraged buildups, corporate partnerships, PIPE transactions, going private transactions, private company recapitalizations, operational turnarounds, consolidations, restructuring, strategic repositioning, and growth and expansion capital transaction financing. It seeks to invest in mature, small, and lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to invest in companies in the consumer products, business services, insurance, industrial manufacturing and services, automotive retailing, energy, food and food service, financial service...
The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC is a venture capital and private equity firm specializing in loans, acquisition financing, mezzanine financing, management buyouts, leveraged buildups, corporate partnerships, PIPE transactions, going private transactions, private company recapitalizations, operational turnarounds, consolidations, restructuring, strategic repositioning, and growth and expansion capital transaction financing. It seeks to invest in mature, small, and lower middle-market companies. The firm seeks to invest in companies in the consumer products, business services, insurance, industrial manufacturing and services, automotive retailing, energy, food and food service, financial services, industrial distribution and value-added distribution, industrial manufacturing and services, healthcare, medical devices and equipment, specialty chemicals, education, entertainment, and security sectors. It prefers to invest in companies based in the United States. The firm typically invests between $3 million and $25 million for control and non-control stakes in companies with revenues between $10 million and $250 million and EBITDA between $3 million and $25 million. It prefers to be the lead investor in transactions and also co-invests in companies with other private equity sponsors. The firm invests in the form of preferred and common equity, and warrants or rights to acquire equity interests; bridge loans; term loans; debt; cash flow loans; senior and subordinated loans; convertible securities; venture capital; mezzanine; and private equity investments. It seeks to exit its investments through a public offering, sale, mergers and acquisitions, financial recapitalization, and from maturity of loans. The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC is based in Purchase, New York with additional offices in Chicago, Illinois; and Cincinnati, Ohio.
Detailed Description


Riverview Plaza287 Bowman Avenue2nd FloorPurchase, NY 10577United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 914-510-9400

Fax: 914-701-0315

www.ttga.com







Key Executives for The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC




Mr. Michael Theodore Tokarz CPA


      	Co-Head of Portfolio Management and Chairman
      


Age: 68
        







Mr. Scott Joseph Schuenke CPA, MBA


      	Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Controller
      


Age: 37
        







Mr. Warren E. Holtsberg


      	Managing Principal, Managing Director, and Co-Head of Portfolio Management
      


Age: 66
        







Ms. Shivani Khurana


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. James D. Lynch


      	Managing Director of Portfolio Consulting Services
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 30, 2017
			    
U.S. Gas & Electric, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 19, 2016
			    
Agri-Carriers Group, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC, please visit www.ttga.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





The value of involvement. | The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC

























































AGRI-CARRIERS GROUP
Specializes in food grade product transportation






RUME
 Focuses on using less by reusing more.







USG&E
Leveraging opportunities in a deregulated industry.










                                    Agri-Carriers Groups was created as a platform investment in the agricultural transportation industry by Huron Capital Partners following its purchase of Landes Trucking in 2010. 
                                    

READ MORE








                                    RuMe has been a premier consumer's products company who emerged out of the founders growing consumer desire for sensible, affordable products that use less.
                                

READ MORE









                                    By fostering growth and expanding into new markets, MVC has helped USG&E deliver cost savings to its gas and electric customers.
                                    

READ MORE










Overview
Approach
Portfolio
People
Contact















 INVESTOR LOGIN




The value of involvement.


	The Tokarz Group Advisers (TTGA) is a different breed of registered investment adviser. Not only are we exceptionally diligent as we source deals and invest in companies, but we also emphasize the creation of outstanding results by weaving ourselves into the operational fiber of those companies.

	We show up. We get our hands dirty. And we exercise our considerable real-world operational experience to work collaboratively with existing management teams with the goal of increasing efficiencies, eliminating waste and ratcheting up profitability and value.
Our highly involved approach is not only more rewarding but also helps us deliver performance that exceeds expectations for a company our size.

Click here to learn about our investment philosophy.

	Creating value by doing the work.
	That’s the TTGA way.

	 

Important Disclosures

	We are currently the investment adviser to MVC Capital, Inc. The material on this site is intended to be strictly informational as to TTGA. This is neither an offer to sell securities nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities of MVC Capital, Inc.

	The companies cited are for illustration purposes only. Not all MVC Capital, Inc. portfolio companies are described here. For information on MVC Capital, Inc.'s full portfolio, please see MVC Capital Form 10-K and MVC Capital's recent filings with the SEC, which are posted on its website.

	MVC Capital, Inc. is subject to certain significant risks relating to its business and investment objective, including, for example, the potential volatility of the portfolio and illiquidity of its investments in portfolio companies. For a detailed description of the risk factors impacting MVC Capital, Inc., please read the risk disclosures in MVC Capital, Inc.'s recent SEC filings. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. There can be no assurance that we will help MVC Capital, Inc. achieve its investment objective.

	Information used in this website may include forward-looking statements concerning MVC Capital, Inc. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are included in the risks disclosures of MVC Capital's periodic filings with the SEC, and include uncertainties of economic, competitive and market conditions, and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately, and many of which are beyond the control of MVC Capital, Inc.. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the statements included herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and therefore there can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements included herein will prove to be accurate. Therefore, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by TTGA or MVC Capital, Inc., or any other person, that the objectives and plans of MVC Capital will achieved.

	 










Home
Legal Disclosures
Privacy Policy
© 2017 Tokarz Group Advisers LLC










 



The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc in Purchase, NY 10577 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Purchase
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc













The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





287 Bowman Ave Ste 331 Purchase, New York 10577


(914) 701-0310
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc is located at the address 287 Bowman Ave in Purchase, New York 10577.  They can be contacted via phone at (914) 701-0310 for pricing, hours and directions.  The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Bruce William Shewmaker, Managing Director or  go to www.ttga.comThe Tokarz Group Advisers Llc provides Long Term Planning, Investments, Investment Planning to it's customers.  For maps and directions to The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of The Tokarz Group Advisers Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Loans
, Tax Free Investments
, Group Policies
, Commodities
, Treasury Bonds
, Individual Policies
, Self-Employed Policies
, Family Policies
, IRAs
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions



SERVICES


Cash Management
, Private Banking
, Online Services
, Commercial Services
, Banking
, Investments
, Investment Planning
, Income Planning
, Long Term Planning
, Wealth Management



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (914) 701-0310
Website: www.ttga.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 35
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Headquarters
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Greywolf Capital


4 Manhattanville Rd Ste 201 Purchase, New York 10577




Olstein Capital Management


4 Manhattanville Rd  Purchase, New York 10577





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Bruce William Shewmaker
MANAGING DIRECTOR
Phone: (914) 701-0310 
 



Scott Joseph Schuenke
CCO
Phone: (914) 701-0310 
 



Jaclyn Lauren Shapiro
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (914) 701-0310 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Tokarz Group Advisers LLC/The: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























tokarz group advisers llc/the
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers financial planning, consulting, and portfolio management services, as well as makes long-term debt and equity investments in lower middle-market companies. The Tokarz Group Advisers serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

287 Bowman Avenue
2nd Floor
Purchase, NY 10577
United States


Phone:
1-914-701-0310


Fax:
1-914-701-0315


Web url:
www.ttga.com





Board Members




Chairman/Founder
Company


Michael Tokarz
Mvc Capital Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Michael T Tokarz


Chairman/Founder




David J Williams


Senior Managing Director




James D Lynch


Managing Director




Peter Faust Seidenberg


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































The value of involvement. | The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC

























































AGRI-CARRIERS GROUP
Specializes in food grade product transportation






RUME
 Focuses on using less by reusing more.







USG&E
Leveraging opportunities in a deregulated industry.










                                    Agri-Carriers Groups was created as a platform investment in the agricultural transportation industry by Huron Capital Partners following its purchase of Landes Trucking in 2010. 
                                    

READ MORE








                                    RuMe has been a premier consumer's products company who emerged out of the founders growing consumer desire for sensible, affordable products that use less.
                                

READ MORE









                                    By fostering growth and expanding into new markets, MVC has helped USG&E deliver cost savings to its gas and electric customers.
                                    

READ MORE










Overview
Approach
Portfolio
People
Contact















 INVESTOR LOGIN




The value of involvement.


	The Tokarz Group Advisers (TTGA) is a different breed of registered investment adviser. Not only are we exceptionally diligent as we source deals and invest in companies, but we also emphasize the creation of outstanding results by weaving ourselves into the operational fiber of those companies.

	We show up. We get our hands dirty. And we exercise our considerable real-world operational experience to work collaboratively with existing management teams with the goal of increasing efficiencies, eliminating waste and ratcheting up profitability and value.
Our highly involved approach is not only more rewarding but also helps us deliver performance that exceeds expectations for a company our size.

Click here to learn about our investment philosophy.

	Creating value by doing the work.
	That’s the TTGA way.

	 

Important Disclosures

	We are currently the investment adviser to MVC Capital, Inc. The material on this site is intended to be strictly informational as to TTGA. This is neither an offer to sell securities nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities of MVC Capital, Inc.

	The companies cited are for illustration purposes only. Not all MVC Capital, Inc. portfolio companies are described here. For information on MVC Capital, Inc.'s full portfolio, please see MVC Capital Form 10-K and MVC Capital's recent filings with the SEC, which are posted on its website.

	MVC Capital, Inc. is subject to certain significant risks relating to its business and investment objective, including, for example, the potential volatility of the portfolio and illiquidity of its investments in portfolio companies. For a detailed description of the risk factors impacting MVC Capital, Inc., please read the risk disclosures in MVC Capital, Inc.'s recent SEC filings. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. There can be no assurance that we will help MVC Capital, Inc. achieve its investment objective.

	Information used in this website may include forward-looking statements concerning MVC Capital, Inc. These forward-looking statements are subject to the inherent uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions. Certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are included in the risks disclosures of MVC Capital's periodic filings with the SEC, and include uncertainties of economic, competitive and market conditions, and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately, and many of which are beyond the control of MVC Capital, Inc.. Although we believe that the assumptions underlying the statements included herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate and therefore there can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements included herein will prove to be accurate. Therefore, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by TTGA or MVC Capital, Inc., or any other person, that the objectives and plans of MVC Capital will achieved.

	 










Home
Legal Disclosures
Privacy Policy
© 2017 Tokarz Group Advisers LLC










 

The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC | Wealthminder











































The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC


The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC
(CRD# 141577) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Purchase, NY.
They
manage $673,855,387 in 2 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC




287 Bowman Avenue, 2nd Floor,
Purchase,
NY
10577
914-701-0310
http://www.ttga.com




http://www.ttga.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

674
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

2
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$336,927,694







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




IL, MA, NY, OH






Financial Advisors at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















David J. Williams - The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





David J. Williams
The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History 


David J. Williams
The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 48 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Maura E. O'Brien

Former Executive Assistant at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC




Renata Quin

Former Executive Assistant at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC





David R. Gardner

Principal at MVC Capital (Private Equity)




Harrison S. Mullin

Professional at MVC Capital, Inc.





Scott D. Foote

Professional at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC




Kashyap Shah

Professional at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC





Chris Ferguson

Professional at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC




Kevin Scoby

Professional at The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC





Jennifer Kosiba

Analyst at MVC Capital, Inc.




Puneet Sanan

Managing Director at MVC Capital (Private Equity)







See 38 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 38 More 


 


 Paths to David J. Williams



            David J. Williams          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 David J. Williams






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with David J. Williams.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History





                                    Current                


The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC


                  The Tokarz Group Advisers manages MVC Capital (MVC), a  publicly-traded business development company  that provides long-term equity and debt investment capital to fund growth, acquisitions and recapitalizations of US small and middle-market companies in a variety of industries. Their investments take the form of common and preferred stock (control and non-control investments) and warrants or rights to acquire equity interests, senior and subordinated loans or convertible securities. The firm serves as the lead investor for transactions, as well as a co-investor in companies along with other private equity sponsors.The criteria used by MVC in determining whether to make an investment in a prospective portfolio company include, but are not limited to, analysis of businesses with secure market positions and predictable profit margins, the presence or availability of highly qualified management teams, the line of products or services offered and their market potential, the presence of a sustainable competitive advantage, favorable industry and competitive dynamics and stable free cash flow of the business.Other criteria may include underperforming companies relative to their potential due to structural impediments and opportunities to revitalize and redirect a company's resources and strategy.Industries in which MVC prefers to invest include, but are not limited to: consumer products, industrial manufacturing/services, food/food service, financial services, value-added distribution and specialty chemicals and security.                






                                    Current                


MVC Capital, Inc.


                  MVC Capital Inc is a business development company that invests in small & middle market companies primarily located in the US. The fund targets companies with secure market positions, strong management teams, growth potential, sustainable competitive advantage, and stable free cash flows, revenues of $10 - $150  and an EBITDA of $3 - $25 million. It focuses on companies operating across a broad range of sectors including consumer products, industrial, manufacturing or services, food or food services, financial services, value-added distribution and specialty chemicals. It provides financing for MBOs, going private transactions, private company recapitalization, operational turnarounds, corporate partnerships, leveraged buildup, acquisitions and growth or expansion capital requirements with an investment size ranging from $3 to $25 million. It makes controlling and non-controlling investments in the form of equity, preferred stock, warrants, subordinated debt, term loans, and cash flow loans. It also makes co-investments.                





 Other Affiliations




              David J. Williams is affiliated with
                            The Tokarz Group Advisers LLC, MVC Capital, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













