






News | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
News




News





News
Reports


Latest News

Please enable JavaScript. It displays Latest News.

Archives


News
Reports










Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.











Important information | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
Important information




Important information



All information on this website is intended for information purposes only for non-Japanese professional investors and shall not be used by general investors as defined by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
None of the contents in this website is intended for distribution, promotion, solicitation, or offering in any jurisdiction to any person which is deemed against any law or regulation.
On top of the above, this entire website and its contents are not targeted or directed to US Persons and do not constitute an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or a solicitation of any offer to sell any securities or any other financial product or service to US Persons.US citizens living abroad may also be deemed “US Persons” under certain rules.
The materials herein are not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal or tax advice, or investment recommendations.Information herein is believed to be reliable but Tokio Marine Asset Management does not warrant its accuracy. No responsibility can be accepted for errors of fact or opinion.

I confirm that I am eligible to view this website.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser.








Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.











Solicitation Policy | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
Solicitation Policy




Solicitation Policy



Company Policy on Solicitation of Investment Advisory Agreements and Discretionary Investment Contracts
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Solicitation

We respect clients' investment policies and solicit investment in a manner that takes individual client expertise and experience, financial conditions and asset characteristics into consideration.
We seek to explain financial products that are in line with client investment profiles and conditions.
When entering into agreements with clients, we strive to provide appropriate explanations concerning the risks and other important aspects of our investment products.
When entering into agreements with clients, we provide ample documented explanation beforehand, forming agreements based on client understanding.
We visit clients at times and in locations that do not disturb their operations or lives, and we do not solicit over the telephone.
We do not solicit customers by making affirmative judgments of unconfirmed events, making assertions that differ from actuality, providing false information or misconstruing information.

Responses

We comply with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law, the Law on Sales of Financial Products, the Consumer Contract Act and various other regulatory requirements of other countries.
To ensure appropriate solicitation, we work to ensure well-developed internal systems, including the formation of internal rules and by conducting in-house training.
We strive to handle all client inquires promptly, appropriately and cordially.









Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.











TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access








InnovationMarket-leading products
FiduciaryStrong fiduciary standards
QualityConstantly improving quality



Innovation





Fiduciary





Quality










Please enable JavaScript. It displays News & Reports.

View All








Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.





Important information

All information on this website is intended for information purposes only for non-Japanese professional investors and shall not be used by general investors as defined by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan.
None of the contents in this website is intended for distribution, promotion, solicitation, or offering in any jurisdiction to any person which is deemed against any law or regulation.
On top of the above, this entire website and its contents are not targeted or directed to US Persons and do not constitute an offer or invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or a solicitation of any offer to sell any securities or any other financial product or service to US Persons.US citizens living abroad may also be deemed “US Persons” under certain rules.
The materials herein are not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal or tax advice, or investment recommendations.Information herein is believed to be reliable but Tokio Marine Asset Management does not warrant its accuracy. No responsibility can be accepted for errors of fact or opinion.

I confirm that I am eligible to view this website.











Global Offices | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
Global Offices




Global Offices





Tokyo

Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.
19F Tekko Building 8-2, Marunouchi 1-chome Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0005 JapanAccess




Singapore

Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte. Ltd. 
20 McCallum Street#18-01 Tokio Marine CentreSingapore 069046




London

Tokio Marine Asset Management (London) Ltd. 
20 Fenchurch StreetLondon EC3H 3BYUK




New York

Tokio Marine Asset Management (USA) Ltd.
60 East 42nd Street, Suite 2300New York, NY 10165USA












Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.











Who We Are | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
Who We Are





Who We Are
We are on our client’s side
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. (TMAM) provides investment advisory services for corporate pension funds and other institutional investors and corporate clients, and offers public investment trusts for individual customers.







Corporate Profile
Leadership
BOD
Executives
History
Awards
Policies







Corporate Profile


56 billion USDAssets under management as at June 30, 2017
1985 foundedTMAM was established in December 1985
4 sites around the worldGlobal structure with offices in Tokyo, New York, London and Singapore

View All





Leadership

Since our establishment in 1985, Tokio Marine Asset Management has strived to provide excellence in investment management services for our clients, and it is under this commitment that we will continue to develop and expand our business as part of the Tokio Marine Group.
We will continue to provide an exceptional client service that goes above and beyond expectations by remaining focused on the three pillars of our management mission.

Fiduciary - Strong fiduciary standards
Quality - Constantly improving quality
Innovation - Market-leading products

This is the “TMAM Quality” that we deliver, and will continue to deliver, to maintain the strong relationship of trust we have with our clients and take us to the next stage of our growth as an asset management firm.






Board of Directors



Masashi ObaPresident & CEO

Career


Joined Tokio Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. in 1978.
Spent four years at the United States Branch Office of Tokio Marine between 2002 and 2006.
Held successive positions within the group, including General Manager and Executive Officer of Corporate Accounting Department, Managing Director of Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., and Senior Managing Director of Tokio Marine Holdings Inc.
Appointed Executive Vice President of Tokio Marine Holdings in 2015 and became a Member of the Board.
Currently serving as President & CEO of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.







Yuichiro KominamiManaging Director

Career


After joining Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.), held successive positions in the Investment Department.
Appointed Representative Director & President of Millea Real-Estate-Risk Management,Inc.
Appointed Director of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Currently serving as Managing Director.







Nobuki GotoManaging Director

Career


Joined Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. in 1983.
Transferred to Tokio Marine MC Asset Management Co., Ltd. (presently, Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.) in 1990.
Held successive positions, including Head of Investment Research Department, Head of Japanese Equity Department, Head of Quantitative Research and Investment Department, and Head of Investment Trust Business Division.
Appointed Executive Officer in 2006.
Appointed President and CEO of Tokio Marine Property Investment Management, Inc. in 2013.
Currently serving as Managing Director of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.







Charles J. YangManaging Director

Career


Charles J. Yang started his career with J.P. Morgan Investment Management in New York as a quantitative analyst. After serving as Chief Investment Officer for major European and Japanese asset management firms, he joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. in 2016.
Mr. Yang was a member of the Board of Governors for CFA Institute from 2009 to 2015. He served as Chair from 2013 to 2014, the first Asian Chair in the history of CFA Institute.

Qualifications: CFA





Non-executive Directors

Hirokazu Fujita
Yoichi Moriwaki
Tamon Watanabe
Masafumi Hikima







Executives



Tatsuro YuzawaManaging Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer

Career


Held successive positions in fixed income and equity investment for a Japanese bank and global asset management companies.
Joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. as Head of Quantitative Research & Investment.
Served as Executive Officer and Deputy CIO.
Currently Managing Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer.

Qualifications: CFA, CMA, CIIA






Yukio MoriyaExecutive Officer and Head of International Business Development Division

Career


Held successive positions in client relationship and marketing at Japanese and foreign asset management firms.
Joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. and served in positions such as General Manager of Client Relationship and Marketing Department for public pension clients and General Manager of Product Planning Department.
Served as Executive Officer and Head of Institutional Business Division.
Currently Executive Officer and Head of International Business Development Division.

Qualifications: CMA, CIIA






Ryoichi TsunemiExecutive Officer and Head of Administration Division

Career


Held successive positions in charge of credit review for loan originations for a Japanese commercial bank and Japanese equity investment, research and investment risk management for its investment management subsidiary.
Joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. and served as Head of Investment Risk Management.
Currently Executive Officer and Head of Administration Division.

Qualifications: CMA






Ryuichi HokaoExecutive Officer and Head of Investment Trust Business Division

Career


After joining Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.), held successive positions in the Investment Department.
Appointed Head of Corporate Strategy Department.
Currently serving as Executive Officer and Head of Investment Trust Business.

Qualifications: CMA, CIIA, CFP






Chiaki FuruyaExecutive Officer, Head of Institutional Business Division, and Head of Financial Institutions Department

Career


Held successive positions in institutional business for Japanese insurance and asset management companies.
Currently Executive Officer, Head of Institutional Business Division, and Head of Financial Institutions Department.












History
TMAM - Providing a high quality service that exceeds client expectations
View All






Awards
TMAM places great importance on the quality of our offering, and the level of service provided collectively and individually to our clients. Therefore, we are proud when the quality of the work that we do is recognised by others.



Morningstar Fund of the Year 2016 Awards

TMAM’s TMA Japan Owners Equity Fund was named Excellent Fund in the Domestic Mid- and Small-cap Stock Fund Division of the Morningstar Fund of the Year 2016 Awards (Japan)



InvestmentEurope Fund Manager of the Year Awards 2016/2017

TMAM’s Focus B EUR Fund was named “Best Japanese Equity Fund” at the Investment Europe Fund Manager of the Year Awards 2016/2017.



Mercer MPA Awards 2016

TMAM’s Focus Strategy was awarded the Mercer MPA (Japan) Award 2016 in the Japan Equity Large-cap category



Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) 2016

TMAM’s Focus Strategy was awarded the R&I Fund Award in the Defined Benefit Pension/ Japanese Growth Equity Fund category



Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) 2015
Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) 2016

TMAM’s GARP Strategy was awarded the R&I Fund Award in the Defined Benefit Pension/ Japanese Growth Equity Fund category



LIPPER FUND AWARDS 2014 JAPAN
LIPPER FUND AWARDS 2015 JAPAN
LIPPER FUND AWARDS 2016 JAPAN

TMAM was awarded the Lipper Fund Award for Best Group Over 3 Years Overall



CAMRADATA Asset View Award 2016

TMAM’s Focus Strategy won the CAMRADATA Asset View Award in the Japanese Equity - All Cap category



CAMRADATA Asset View Award 2015

TMAM’s GARP Strategy was the runner-up for the Asset View Award in the Japanese Equity - All Cap (YEN) category



AsianInvestor 2009 & 2010

Tokio Marine Investment Management International Pte. Ltd. won the AsianInvestor Investment Performance Award in the Asia ex Japan Equities category



Morningstar Disclaimer

References to any specific securities do not constitute an offer to buy or sell securities. Those awarded funds based upon the past performance cannot guarantee their future performance. Data or statements are obtained from sources Morningstar Japan K.K believed to be reliable but are not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness.
All information is the property of Morningstar Japan K.K. or Morningstar, Inc. and protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. All rights reserved. 
Taking every factor into consideration, Morningstar Japan K.K. has selected funds for Morningstar Award “Fund of the Year 2016” in each divisions from open-end mutual fund based upon its unique quantitative and qualitative analysis. Awarded funds in the Domestic Mid- and Small-cap Stock Fund Division have been selected from 250 funds at the end of December 2016.

Mercer

The Mercer MPA Awards are based only on historical return (gross of fees) obtained from investment managers and there is no relationship with Mercer’s qualitative ratings or recommendation. Mercer gives no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of such information or method of calculation, and accepts no responsibility or liability (including for indirect, consequential or incidental damages) for any error, omission or inaccuracy in such information. In addition, Past Performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance.For further information on Mercer Investment Consulting, please visit http://www.mercer.co.jp/  (Japanese)

R&I Disclaimer

The R&I Fund Award is presented to provide reference information based on the past data R&I believes to be reliable (however, its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed by R&I) and is not intended to recommend the purchase, sale or holding of particular products or guarantee their future performance. The Award is not the Credit Rating Business, but one of the Other Lines of Business (businesses excluding Credit Rating Business and also excluding the Ancillary Businesses) as set forth in Article 299, paragraph (1), item (xxviii) of the Cabinet Office Ordinance on Financial Instruments Business, etc. With respect to such business, relevant laws and regulations require measures to be implemented so that activities pertaining to such business would not unreasonably affect the Credit Rating Activities. Intellectual property rights including copyright and all other rights in this Award are the sole property of R&I, and any unauthorized copying, reproduction and so forth are prohibited. The Award for the "Investment Trusts/Aggregate" category is based on the average performance of the relevant funds of a fund manager, and does not indicate the excellent performance of all individual funds of the manager.

Lipper Disclaimer

Although Lipper makes reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data contained herein, the accuracy is not guaranteed by Lipper. Users acknowledge that they have not relied upon any warranty, condition, guarantee, or representation made by Lipper. Any use of the data for analyzing, managing, or trading financial instruments is at the user’s own risk. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities.








Policies
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement in Accordance with the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015

Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for the Fiscal Year 2015 











Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.












ESG | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
ESG




ESG






Responsible Investment
Proxy Voting




Responsible Investment
1. Fundamental Objective
As a leading Japanese and Asian investment manager, Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. (hereafter "TMAM") takes its responsibility as an investor very seriously. As part of our management philosophy, we aim to contribute to the promotion of a prosperous society and spur economic development through responsible investment and asset management. As such, we carefully consider not just the financial aspect of a company but also its Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) policy when making investment decisions. In addition, we aim to improve the mid-term investment return of clients by taking an active role in pursuing and pushing for growth in our investee companies.
2. Our Approach to Responsible Investment

1. Development of Organisational Frameworks
2. Signatory of UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
3. Signatory of Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century
4. Adherence to Japanese Stewardship Code

1. Development of Organisational Frameworks
At TMAM, we have established a committee to oversee responsible investment which is made up of each responsible party for investment. During these committees, decisions about fundamental policies in this regard are made and organisational frameworks according to these policies are developed. In addition, the corporate governance approaches of investee companies are discussed and draft policies regarding the use of voting rights, processes, and development of frameworks are made. The committee is also in charge of selecting companies that need special attention (e.g. companies with poor performance and/or poor ESG standards, etc.) and final decisions on voting action regarding these companies are made here.
We strive to fulfil our responsibility as an institutional investor through responsible investment and going forward, we will continue to deepen our understanding of ESG standards.
2. Signatory to UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI)
The UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) Initiative was set up by the United Nations Environment Programme Finance Initiative (UNEP FI) and the UN Global Compact (UNGC) and is based on a proposal by then UN Secretary- General Kofi Annan in 2006. The principles state that institutional investors must carefully consider the ESG policy of companies during the investment decision process, with the aim of improving clients’ mid-term returns.
TMAM endorses the UN Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) and became a signatory in April 2011.
For more information about these principles, please see below.




The Six Principles 



3. Signatory of Principles for Financial Action towards a Sustainable Society (Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century)
The Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century is a proposal made by the Central Environment Council (part of the Ministry of the Environment) to widen the scope of initiatives related to environmental finance, and was drafted by a committee including members from a large number of financial institutions. The principles aim to encourage domestic financial institutions to push forward the best initiatives relating to ESG policy.
TMAM endorses the Principles for Financial Action towards a Sustainable Society (Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century) and became a signatory in February 2012.
For more information about these principles, please see below.
Principles for Financial Action towards a Sustainable Society 
4. Adherence to Japanese Stewardship Code
TMAM endorses the Japanese Stewardship Code and declared its acceptance of Principles 1-7 in May 2014. The Code encourages institutional investors to hold constructive dialogue (engagement) with investee companies to raise company value and urge them to continue to grow, thereby improving clients’ mid-term investment returns.
The principles outlined in the Code are closely linked to our own management philosophy; we aim to improve the mid-term investment return of clients by taking an active role in pursuing and pushing for growth in our investee companies. As a responsible institutional investor, we do our utmost to carry out activities that uphold the principles set out in the Code and take steps to make further improvements.
For more information about the Code, please see below.
Principles for Responsible Institutional Investors 
The following statement has been prepared to demonstrate TMAM’s agreement to the Code, which was launched in February 2014 by the Japanese Financial Services Agency (FSA). The statement sets out our approach to Principles 1-7 of the Code.

Principle 1 Fulfilling our stewardship duties

As part of our management philosophy, we aim to contribute to the promotion of a prosperous society and spur economic development through responsible investment and asset management. As such, we carefully consider not just the financial aspect of a company but also its non-financial background (i.e. ESG policy) when making investment decisions. In addition, we aim to improve the mid-term investment return of clients by taking an active role in pursuing and pushing for growth in our investee companies. This philosophy is applied to all our leading actively managed Japanese equity products and it is through constructive dialogue with investee companies that we aim to fulfill our stewardship responsibilities. In the case of passively invested products and quantitative investment management products, we aim to influence investee companies through exercising our voting rights.
At TMAM, we conduct thorough, in-depth qualitative research on investable companies and work hard to invest responsibly; each individual company is examined and judged by the sector analyst on the basis of governance, management strategy, business performance, capital structure and risk (both social and environmental).
To further assess a company’s non-financial qualities, specifically with regard to environment, social, governance and risk management factors (ESGR), we utilise the research conducted by Tokio Marine & Nichido Risk Consulting Co., Ltd., a group company, which evaluates companies’ CSR.
We are also strongly committed to shareholder responsibility and company stewardship; rather than just making simple use of voting rights, as a shareholder we express our views and opinions to the senior management of companies and promote the sharing of information. In this way, we take a pro-active approach when engaging with investee companies and place a high importance on good corporate governance, which in turn should improve mid-term investment returns.
We strive for productive and open dialogue with management including independent external directors which centres on improving a company’s value and capital efficiency, with the goal of encouraging continuous growth. Whether these are private meetings, small meetings with management, or results briefings, we use every opportunity to actively engage with investee companies. Additionally, for this dialogue to be meaningful, our analysts and fund managers continually research and review each company and share this information internally.
One of our actively managed products is our Engagement Fund. For this fund, we believe in active communication prior to investing in any stock being considered for inclusion in the fund. When we do invest, we limit this to a concentrated portfolio of stocks in which we are able to invest a greater amount of our time and resources into each investee company than is possible with our other actively managed products in order to work with the company towards a shared objective.



Principle 2 Our approach to conflicts of interest

At TMAM, the importance of building and retaining customer trust is incorporated into every aspect of our business. To be a trusted and indispensable partner to our clients, we prioritize client wealth when providing solutions and making any agreement. To achieve this priority, we consign duly selected distributors for promotions. Please also note that we do not consign any promotions to our parent company.
We act against potential conflicts of interest according to our internal guidelines. Specific categories of potential conflicts of interest and our approaches against them are outlined below.

1. Potential conflict of interest in purchasing securities issued by affiliated companiesIn principle, we do not invest in securities issued by our affiliated companies in client portfolios. Exceptions to this rule are where investing in these securities will be of benefit to our clients or where not investing in these securities will be a disadvantage to our clients. For these exceptions, we set internal rules and procedures where our CIO approves individual trades case by case.
2. Potential conflict of interest in shareholder voting for affiliated companiesIn cases of shareholder voting for our affiliated companies, we have internal rules to exercise these voting rights, advised and guided by third-party institutions. In other cases, such as proxy voting to invested companies, we intend to avoid any potential conflict of interest by completing proxy voting decision-making process within our investment division.(Please refer to Principle 5: Objectives in exercising voting rights)
3. Potential conflict of interest in our employee’s personal tradingWe have guidelines for personal trading according to our employee’s job functions. Also, we have personal trading rules to avoid the case where there can be a conflict of interest between these employees and our clients.




Principle 3 Monitoring of companies we invest in

When investing in stocks, we make decisions through the evaluation of company value, taking into account both the financial and non-financial aspects of each company. Especially in the case of validating mid-to-long term growth potential, we analyse the business strategy and growth drivers contributing to the increase in company value and confirm the superiority of its business model using our proprietary qualitative valuation sheet. After making investments, we continue to monitor these companies for their sustainable growth. Here, we cover various elements such as business fundamentals, external/internal factors, corporate/financial strategies, governance/risk management, etc., on a continuous basis to capture signs of changes and challenges in a timely manner.

1. Business Fundamentals

1. Short term/Long term financial performance (cyclical and structural factors)
2. Progress of implementing their strategic business plans and identifying gaps between plans and results


2. External Factors

1. Target market (size, growth, demand and supply, etc.)
2. Competition (number of competitors, barriers of entry, threat of substitutes, etc.)


3. Internal Factors

1. Costs (R&D, purchasing, manufacturing, sales & marketing, etc.)
2. Differentiation (quality, brands, R&D, technical strength, etc.)


4. Corporate Strategies

1. Firm-wide strategies (resource allocation, business portfolio, etc.)
2. Business-unit strategies (competitiveness, expanding existing businesses, incubating new businesses)


5. Financial Strategies

1. Deployment of cash flow (investments for growth, shareholder returns, financial strengthening, etc.)
2. Corporate Finance (financing, payouts, attention to ROE, etc.)


6. Governance/Risk Management

1. Governance (independent directors, anti-social misconduct, board meeting reviews, etc.)
2. Risk Management (including risks related to social, environmental issues)



We believe that monitoring companies continuously and comprehensively as described above allow us to identify early signs of issues which potentially distract from shareholder wealth and of challenges in respect to mid-to long-term growth potential.



Principle 4 Constructive dialogue with companies

TMAM actively engages in dialogue with management which centres on improving a company’s value and capital efficiency, with the goal of encouraging continuous growth.
In evaluating a company’s value, we look at whether the company is capable of providing returns greater than cost of capital and its equity spread (ROE – cost of equity). Through the items listed in the above “Principle 3: Monitoring of companies we invest in”, we attempt to accurately identify factors relating to the company’s mid-term growth potential. If we identify aspects that could damage that company’s value, or ways in which the company could further add value in favourable business conditions, we will relay that information to the company and communicate with them on how best to move forward.
Examples in which we will hold dialogue with the company are as follows:

When a change in strategy is required due to a change in business environment

  Holding talks with companies on the need to switch strategies, rationalise costs in non-profitable businesses and improve profits when the environment changes from deflationary to inflationary.


When a strategy is necessary for sustained growth

  Holding discussions on the need to implement R&D strategies and form alliances to achieve further growth.


When a company needs to adjust its capitalisation policy as part of its financial strategy

  Holding discussions on achieving a balance between investment for growth and shareholder returns for capital efficient cashflow.


With regard to governance and risk management systems

  Holding discussions with companies on the prevention of scandals, on measures relating to business risks and succession, and on the need for external directors.



These discussions will generally be held with members of management (including external directors). While we prefer to conduct these talks through private meetings, we are mindful that these talks do not interfere with the regular duties of management. As such, we make use of every opportunity open to us for dialogue with the company, including small meetings with management and results briefings.
We do not ask/receive non-public sensitive corporate information from companies when conducting these dialogues, in view of each company’s disclosure policy, and we consider this information unnecessary for our purposes. If we do receive non-public sensitive corporate information, we treat it according to our internal guidelines.



Principle 5 Objectives in exercising voting rights

TMAM exercises voting rights based on our judgement of investee companies through constructive discussions and daily research activities with these companies. Exercising voting rights correctly, we believe, will lead to an enhancement of the governance structures resulting in medium to long term improvements in shareholder value and sustainable growth.
In terms of proxy voting, in principle, all the holdings companies under our active investment strategies will be included for examination of voting rights. We recognise that our clients eventually bear the related costs from these votes, hence we vote taking into account impacts of cost on performance. Given this, we screen out target companies according to our investment policy for passive strategies. As a general rule, we choose to respect the management decisions of companies screened out in this way. In addition to exercising voting rights on companies held in our active portfolios, we also exercise our voting rights on companies selected by the Responsible Investment Committee as the subject of focused research (companies suffering from poor performance, companies that have committed anti-social acts, companies with issues in corporate governance, etc.) and/or scrutiny.
We have set out the following guidelines with regard to exercising voting rights.

1. Exercising voting rights for companies with anti-social behaviourWe define anti-social behaviour as violations of the law, disrespecting public order, displaying poor morality, and actions to damage the social credibility of the companies which result in economic losses for shareholders, customers and employees. In addition, actions resulting in social losses, such as pollution, are considered to be anti-social behaviour. We will in principal exercise our votes to object to the election of a director or an auditor in charge of the department responsible for any anti-social behaviour. This exercise, however, is not to deny the company’s decision immediately but to demonstrate our views by carrying out due diligence individually to ensure clarification of management’s responsibility and any countermeasures to pursue shareholder benefits.
2. Evaluation of company performance when exercising voting rightsWhen making judgements individually, we also take into account the company’s performance. In general, we will respect the management decisions of companies with good performance. If performance is poor, however, we take a firmer approach to make sure the proper governance standard is applied. Companies with poor performance are defined as companies with recurring operating losses or with no dividend payout for the previous three years. For these poor performing companies, we will not take a short-term view but a medium to long term view and exercise our votes accordingly.
3. Exercise of vote in disunityAs a general rule, we will not vote in disunity unless our clients provide particular instructions to do so. However, if these instructions are considered to be irrational, we will voice our opinion to the customer at that time.There is also a provision for exceptional circumstances in the voting rights policy for the engagement strategy.Notification of objection votes are sent to companies who wish to be sent them individually and to companies which we believe will rise in value with this notification. In this way, we try our best to contribute to the sustainable growth of investee companies.Furthermore, we sometimes use external advisory companies to get a better understanding of the consensus, and we receive a report based on the guidelines of the advisory company. We may use these reports as a reference when making voting decisions.

Furthermore, we receive reports from advising companies (ISS: Institutional Shareholder Services Inc.) based on their specific guidelines. We may use these reports as a reference in order to get a better understanding of the consensus when making final voting decisions.
While the dedicated ESG specialist in the Responsible Investment Group is the primary contact for all proxy voting matters, the research analysts in charge of the relevant companies will also attend meetings related to proxy voting and share any necessary information with the specialist.
Furthermore, the dedicated ESG specialist, the other research analysts and the relevant fund managers share the execution of proxy voting. In addition, the Responsible Investment Committee selects companies to be closely monitored due to poor performance, antisocial acts or corporate governance issues and reviews the proxy voting for those companies.
In principle, we provide our clients with reports about our voting decisions at fixed term intervals. We also publish all our voting decisions on our website.



Principle 6 Regular reporting to clients

In addition to the notification of voting decisions as described in Principle 5, we report at fixed intervals the content of the dialogue with investee companies and how our stewardship activities are carried out, as a general rule. However, these reports may be omitted in the case where clients do not require such information. In respect to dialogue with investee companies, we report on the constructive communication we have with these companies, such as sharing mid-term views on how to improve company value, sharing and improving on company ideas, and discussions with management if performance is poor. We keep records of all dialogues (through MOM) and we make reports based on these. Of course, when we do send reports to clients, we judge what information would be most beneficial from the client’s perspective and try to improve on this.



Principle 7 Organisational Learning

As a responsible institutional investor, we strive to enhance our internal resources to exercise stewardship activities so that we contribute to our investment companies’ sustainable growth through constructive dialogue.
We make sure our efforts are substantial; key decision makers in our investment activities, such as the PMs and the analysts for Japanese equities, respectively make significant efforts in order to conduct meaningful dialogue with investee companies. In an effort to encourage this, in addition to holding an internal seminar about stewardship activity, we review our investment activities from a stewardship point of view regularly and accumulate organisational knowledge and experience by sharing individual activities which we think significantly contributed to investee companies’ higher value and sustainable growth. Also, we make efforts to strengthen our stewardship capability through exchanging views with external organizations and holding dialogue with investee companies conducted by our dedicated ESG specialist in the Responsible Investment Group. We aspire to lead the Japanese asset management industry through participation in working groups in this area, such as the Principle for Responsible Investment, the Principles for Financial Action for the 21st Century and the Japan Stewardship Forum.




Proxy Voting
1. Basic Policy on Proxy Voting
From the perspective of fiduciary responsibility pertaining to the asset management business, as a basic policy on proxy voting, we request invested companies address corporate governance in good faith, for the interests of clients (of discretionary investment management) and beneficiaries (of investment trusts). We recognize the importance of corporate governance as a means to increase investment returns and seek to communicate our views as a shareholder to, and share challenges with, the company management beyond proxy voting. As part of these efforts, particularly in voting proxies, we ensure we fulfill our fiduciary responsibility by expressing our intention proactively.
2. Purpose of Proxy Voting

In voting proxies, on the premise that the effective owners are clients and beneficiaries, we make judgments solely for the purpose of contributing to the interests of clients and beneficiaries.
In our equity investment, we put focus on shareholder value which companies create enduringly as a primary source of investment return.
Corporate governance is particularly influential in three aspects: (i) good-faith management, (ii) effective use of resources and (iii) adequate selection of investments, and from these aspects, we make judgments for the purpose of seeking to maximize the shareholder value through proxy voting. We recognize that the company should be managed in view of balancing the interests of shareholders with the interests of stakeholders such as employees, business partners and regional community rather than only seeking the short-term interests of shareholders, and that the long-term interests of shareholders can be achieved by establishing a good cooperative relationship with these stakeholders.

3. Proxy Voting Guidelines
In voting proxies, we make judgments and express our intention individually on the following main proposals, among others, on a case-by-case basis pursuant to the basic policy. Voting proxies with regard to foreign equities, are based on a similar policy, while giving consideration to institutional aspects of countries.

1. Income allocation: financial conditions, dividend payout ratio and balance with growth potential, etc.
2. Election of directors: scandals in which candidates have been involved, status of executive officers who concurrently hold other positions and independence of outside directors, etc.
3. Election of statutory auditors: scandals in which candidates have been involved and independence of outside statutory auditors, etc.
4. Election of accounting auditors: background of changes, etc.
5. Share buybacks: fair treatment of the shareholders' interests and liquidity after buybacks, etc.
6. Grant of retirement benefits: scandals in which officers have been involved and grant of retirement benefits to outside directors and statutory auditors, etc.
7. Revision of compensation for officers: scandals in which officers have been involved and deviation from the standard level, etc.
8. Merger, acquisition and transfer of business: disclosure of important information and impact on the shareholders' interests, etc.
9. Stock options: eligibility of officers who are granted options and content of conditions for granting options, etc.
10. Article amendments: contents of enhancement to authorities of the board of directors, background behind an increase in authorized capital and changes to business content, etc.
11. Decrease in capital: judged on a case-by-case basis from the perspective of restructuring the business.
12. Shareholder proposals: fair treatment of the shareholders' interests, etc.
13. Takeover defense measures: approval at the shareholders' meeting, disclosure of important information and independence of a decision to invoke measures in emergency situations, etc.

4. Proxy Voting Structure
In voting proxies, equity investment groups within the Investment Division closely review proposals and make recommendations for votes. With regard to proxy voting for Japanese equities, the Investment Research Group Leader approves recommendations and reports them to Head of Investment Division. The Responsible Investment Committee, with a managing director serving as the Chair, also makes a final review on poor-performing companies and companies that have committed anti-social acts, etc. The status of proxy voting is reported to the Investment Management Committee held later in every month.
In voting proxies, shares held in active products in principle are subject to scrutiny. Among shares held in passive products, etc., those that continuously exhibit a low level of metrics concerning capital efficiency and credit risk, etc. for a certain period of time and that have committed anti-social acts, etc. are subject to scrutiny.









Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.




﻿

























Stryker Corporation (SYK) Shares Sold by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Stryker Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Stryker Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Hersha Hospitality Trust (HT) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Position in Rambus, Inc. (RMBS)
AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. (MITT) Shares Sold by JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Wilkins Investment Counsel Inc. Has $7.80 Million Position in Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX)
HCI Group, Inc. (HCI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Purchases New Position in VimpelCom Ltd. (VEON)
Prudential Financial Inc. Cuts Stake in Badger Meter, Inc. (BMI)
Stryker Corporation (SYK) Shares Sold by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd.
Sysco Corporation (SYY) Stake Decreased by KBC Group NV
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 80,173 Shares of TrustCo Bank Corp NY (TRST)
Stifel Financial Corp Takes Position in Huaneng Power International, Inc. (HNP)
Navios Maritime Partners LP (NMM) Position Held by Stifel Financial Corp
11,450 Shares in Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc. (AXDX) Acquired by Stifel Financial Corp
General Dynamics Corporation (GD) Position Boosted by Stifel Financial Corp
Prudential Financial Inc. Purchases 26,440 Shares of Regional Management Corp. (RM)
RWE AG (RWE) Given a €19.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts
Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by HSBC Holdings plc
Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) Director Sells $20,070.84 in Stock
ICC International Cannabis Corp (ICC) Director Sells C$15,450.00 in Stock
Microsemi Corporation (NASDAQ:MSCC) Position Raised by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky


 


Stryker Corporation (SYK) Shares Sold by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd.

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 

Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. lowered its position in shares of Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) by 24.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,791 shares of the medical technology company’s stock after selling 1,554 shares during the period. Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Stryker Corporation were worth $631,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SYK. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in Stryker Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $7,539,000. Barings LLC boosted its stake in Stryker Corporation by 220.4% in the fourth quarter. Barings LLC now owns 13,839 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $1,658,000 after buying an additional 9,520 shares in the last quarter. Arrowstreet Capital Limited Partnership purchased a new stake in Stryker Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $48,221,000. CAMG Solamere Management LLC purchased a new stake in Stryker Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $968,000. Finally, Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Stryker Corporation during the fourth quarter worth about $202,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.25% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) traded down 0.82% during trading on Friday, hitting $146.19. The stock had a trading volume of 1,158,620 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $54.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 32.85 and a beta of 0.79. Stryker Corporation has a one year low of $106.48 and a one year high of $148.15. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $142.05 and a 200-day moving average price of $132.85. 


 Get Stryker Corporation alerts:



Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The medical technology company reported $1.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.43 by $0.05. Stryker Corporation had a return on equity of 24.26% and a net margin of 14.33%. The company had revenue of $2.96 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.90 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.24 EPS. Stryker Corporation’s revenue for the quarter was up 18.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Stryker Corporation will post $6.43 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th will be issued a dividend of $0.425 per share. This represents a $1.70 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.16%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 28th. Stryker Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 38.20%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Stryker Corporation (SYK) Shares Sold by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd.” was published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/tokio-marine-asset-management-co-ltd-has-631000-position-in-stryker-corporation-syk-updated-updated.html. 
A number of research firms have recently issued reports on SYK. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Stryker Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $163.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, July 17th. Citigroup Inc. boosted their price target on Stryker Corporation from $114.00 to $125.00 and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, June 9th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Stryker Corporation in a research note on Monday, June 19th. BidaskClub lowered Stryker Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, June 13th. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted their price target on Stryker Corporation from $145.00 to $155.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $139.08.
In other Stryker Corporation news, insider Timothy J. Scannell sold 13,322 shares of Stryker Corporation stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $135.89, for a total transaction of $1,810,326.58. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider David Floyd sold 19,305 shares of Stryker Corporation stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.56, for a total value of $2,790,730.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 40,008 shares of company stock worth $5,669,088. 7.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Stryker Corporation Company Profile
Stryker Corporation is a medical technology company. The Company offers a range of medical technologies, including orthopedic, medical and surgical, and neurotechnology and spine products. The Company’s segments include Orthopaedics; MedSurg; Neurotechnology and Spine, and Corporate and Other. The Orthopaedics segment includes reconstructive (hip and knee) and trauma implant systems and other related products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Stryker Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stryker Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:39 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to corporate pension funds, other institutional investors, corporate clients, individual customers, and public investment trusts. The firm manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It also manages private equities and other alternative vehicles for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of Asia including Japan. It invests in stocks of companies including small cap companies using Growth at a Reasonable Price (GARP) as the investment style. The firm also invests in fixed income securities including bonds. It benchmarks the per...
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. is a privately owned investment manager. It provides its services to corporate pension funds, other institutional investors, corporate clients, individual customers, and public investment trusts. The firm manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. It also manages private equities and other alternative vehicles for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of Asia including Japan. It invests in stocks of companies including small cap companies using Growth at a Reasonable Price (GARP) as the investment style. The firm also invests in fixed income securities including bonds. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the TOPIX Index, Russell-Nomura Small Index, MSCI AC Far East Free ex-Japan Index, MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex-Japan Index, and NOMURA Bond Performance Index. The firm employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with bottom-up and top-down stock picking approaches while making its investments. It conducts in-house research while building its portfolio. The firm operates as a subsidiary of Tokio Marine and Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. and was founded in December 1985. Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. is based in Tokyo, Japan.
Detailed Description


Tokyo Ginko Kyokai Building3-1, Marunouchi 1-chome,Chiyoda-kuTokyo,  100-0005JapanFounded in 1985



Phone: 81 3 3212 8421

Fax: 81 3 3214 6390

www.tokiomarineam.co.jp







Key Executives for Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.




Mr. Masashi Oba


      	President and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Yukio Moriya


      	Executive Officer and Head of International Business Development Division
      








Mr. Masayoshi Miyakawa


      	Managing Executive Officer and Head of Institutional Business Division
      








Mr. Yusuke Yanagisawa


      	Head of Investment Research and Head of Equity Investment
      








Mr. Kimiya Yoshizawa CFA


      	Head of Global Equity
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. Key Developments

Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. Presents at AVCJ Private Equity & Venture Forum - Japan 2017, Jun-22-2017 through Jun-23-2017
Jun 2 17
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. Presents at AVCJ Private Equity & Venture Forum - Japan 2017, Jun-22-2017 through Jun-23-2017. Venue: Conrad Tokyo, 1-9-1 Higashi-shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-7337, Tokyo, Japan. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-23-2017, Soichi Takata, Head of Private Equity, Takako Koizumi, Senior Fund Manager.


Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. Presents at AVCJ Private Equity & Venture Forum - Japan 2016, Jun-22-2016 08:30 AM
Jun 20 16
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. Presents at AVCJ Private Equity & Venture Forum - Japan 2016, Jun-22-2016 08:30 AM. Venue: Conrad Tokyo, 1-9-1 Higashi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-7337, Japan. Speakers: Soichi Sam Takata.


TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANGEMENT CO. LTD Presents at AVCJ Private Equity & Venture Forum - Japan 2016, Jun-23-2016 01:45 PM
Jun 14 16
TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANGEMENT CO. LTD Presents at AVCJ Private Equity & Venture Forum - Japan 2016, Jun-23-2016 01:45 PM. Venue: Conrad Tokyo, 1-9-1 Higashi-Shinbashi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-7337, Japan. Speakers: Soichi Sam Takata, Head of Private Equity.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 171 Research Institute, Inc. Asia A.C.E International Inc. Asia Ace Securities Co., Ltd. Asia Advanced Research Japan Company Limited Asia Advanced-I Co., Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd., please visit www.tokiomarineam.co.jp.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Akiyoshi Oba, Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Akiyoshi Oba

Chairman,
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd






Career History




Director
Tokio Marine Asset Management USA Ltd, 2/2015-PRESENT


Chairman
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd, PRESENT


Advisor
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd, 4/2009-6/2009


Managing Executive Officer
Mizuho Trust & Banking Co Ltd, 4/2008-4/2009


President
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd, 6/2009-UNKNOWN


President/CEO
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd, FORMER


President/CEO
Mizuho Pension Research Inst, FORMER


Various Positions
Yasuda Trust & Banking Corp, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Waseda University
Graduated








Memberships



Board Memberships




Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd


Chairman, PRESENT




Tokio Marine Asset Management Co Ltd


Board Member, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Welcome to TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT







Disclaimer


    	By accessing our site, you are representing and warranting that you are either resident in Singapore or the relevant laws
and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information contained within this site. 
          

          The products referred to in this website are restricted funds (“Restricted Funds”), and many of them are not  registered under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (“SFA”). These Restricted Funds may only be promoted exclusively to persons who are sufficiently experienced and sophisticated to understand the risks involved in investing in such schemes, and who satisfy certain other criteria. Such persons include persons to whom offer of the Restricted Funds is allowed to be made pursuant to exemption from prospectus requirements under the SFA, which broadly comprise of regulated financial institutions, large pension funds, large corporates, high net worth individuals, sophisticated investors and investment professionals. There are significant risks associated with investment in the Restricted Funds outlined on this website. Investment in the Restricted Funds on this website is intended for sophisticated investors who can accept the risks associated with such an investment including a substantial or complete loss of their investment.
  

 Notwithstanding the above paragraph, the Tokio Marine Fund – Far East Equity Portfolio (“Asian Equity Fund”), Tokio Marine Asia Pacific Equity Fund and the Tokio Marine Japanese Equity Focus Fund are registered as Restricted Schemes under the Securities and Futures Act, chapter 289 of Singapore (“SFA”) and may only be promoted exclusively to Relevant Persons who are sufficiently experienced and sophisticated to understand the risks involved in investing in such schemes, and who satisfy certain other criteria as per Regulation 305 of the SFA. The products referred herein are not intended to be made available to the retail public. Investors should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for them before making an investment decision and should be aware of local laws governing investments.
  
 
          If you are in any doubt as to whether you are permitted to invest in any of the funds, you should contact your financial adviser who will also be able to discuss the suitability of such an investment with you and who will be able to obtain further information concerning the investments by contacting us on your behalf. Persons resident outside Singapore should consult their professional advisers as to whether they require any consents or need to observe any other formalities before they can invest in the products described in this website.
  

          The information contained in this website is issued by Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte. Ltd. (“TMAM International”). Nothing contained in this website constitutes or form an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction in which such distribution or offer is not authorised to any person. In particular, the information herein is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States of America (being residents of the United States of America or partnerships or corporations organised under the laws of the United States of America or any state, territory, or possession thereof). 
  

          None of the funds has been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and the funds may not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States of America or any of its territories or possessions or any area subject to its jurisdiction, or to any United States Person (as defined under the Securities Act). The funds have not been registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). 

          TMAI has taken reasonable care to ensure that all the information contained on this website is accurate, secure and up to date, but no representations or warranties are given as to the reliability, accuracy and completeness of the information. The information contained on this website is subject to change without notice. As a result, you should check the accuracy of such information before relying on it. TMAI accepts no liability for any damage or loss, including loss of profit, whether direct, indirect or consequential in respect of the use of this website or its contents or any subsequent subscription into a TMAI fund and whether arising as a result of TMA’s negligence or otherwise.
  


          Nothing contained in this website constitutes investment advice and information contained herein should not be relied upon when making investment decisions. The information on this website is general advice only and is not intended to constitute a recommendation or advice being suited to your individual needs and is not designed as a substitute for professional advice. The advice does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation, characteristics and particular needs of an investor. You may wish to seek advice from a financial advisor before purchasing units/shares of any fund. In the event that you choose not to seek advice from a financial advisor before investing in any fund, you should consider whether the fund is suitable for you.
  

          The offer of the units in the funds will be made in, or accompanied by, a copy of the prospectus or offering document. Any person who wish to acquire the units/shares in the fund will need to make an application in the manner set out in the prospectus or offering document. An application for units/shares in the funds must be made on the application form accompanying the prospectus/offering document. Investors should read the prospectus /offering document before deciding to invest. The value of units/shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise. Past performance figures are not necessarily indicative of future performance of the fund. Units/shares in the fund are not obligations of, deposits in, or guaranteed by, TMAI or any of its affiliates. An investment in the funds is subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. TMAI or its affiliates may hold positions in investments described in the website.
  

          To Proceed, please click on the agree button below. By clicking the agree button, it means that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions above.
      
 






























Home
About Us
Our Products & Services
News & Analysis
Contact Us
 





















Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte. Ltd. (“TMAM International”), was established in July 1997, with the mission to become the “Best in Quality” Asian investment manager and to provide high quality investment services worldwide.  

              TMAM International is a holder of the Capital Markets Service (CMS) License governed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”), and is a member of the Investment Management Association of Singapore (“IMAS”) who abides by the IMAS Code of Ethics.











Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte., Ltd wins at The Asset - Asset Benchmark Research Awards 2016



19 November 2015: Merger Announcement, effective 1st October 2016 



Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte., Ltd wins at The Asset - Asset Benchmark Research Awards 2015 



15 October 2014: Appointment of Mr Kazuhiro Honjo as CIO 



2 July 2014: Market Insight: Japanese Equities



7 August 2013: Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd* is pleased to announce that our President & CEO, Mr.Akiyoshi Oba was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Securities Analysts Association of Japan (SAAJ).



1 July 2013: Appointment of Mr. Kenji Kodama as CEO.









TMAI wins at AsianInvestor Investment Performance Awards 2010 for Asia-ex Japan equity strategy.



TMAI wins at AsianInvestor Investment Performance Awards 2009 for Asia-ex Japan equity strategy.




16 October 2008: Establishment of Representative Office in Shanghai, China.


















 
Privacy Statement
Disclaimer









Copyright 2010 Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.









Welcome to TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT INTERNATIONAL PTE LTD


































Home
About Us
Our Products & Services
News & Analysis
Contact Us
 





















Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte. Ltd. (“TMAM International”), was established in July 1997, with the mission to become the “Best in Quality” Asian investment manager and to provide high quality investment services worldwide.  

                    TMAM International is a holder of the Capital Markets Service (CMS) License governed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”), and is a member of the Investment Management Association of Singapore (“IMAS”) who abides by the IMAS Code of Ethics.











Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte., Ltd wins at The Asset - Asset Benchmark Research Awards 2016



19 November 2015: Merger Announcement, effective 1st October 2016 



Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte., Ltd wins at The Asset - Asset Benchmark Research Awards 2015 



15 October 2014: Appointment of Mr Kazuhiro Honjo as CIO 



2 July 2014: Market Insight: Japanese Equities 



7 August 2013: Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd* is pleased to announce that our President & CEO, Mr.Akiyoshi Oba was elected Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Securities Analysts Association of Japan (SAAJ).



1 July 2013: Appointment of Mr. Kenji Kodama as CEO.








TMAI wins at AsianInvestor Investment Performance Awards 2010 for Asia-ex Japan equity strategy.



TMAI wins at AsianInvestor Investment Performance Awards 2009 for Asia-ex Japan equity strategy.




16 October 2008: Establishment of Representative Office in Shanghai, China.





















 
Privacy StatementDisclaimer













Copyright 2010 Tokio Marine Asset Management International Pte Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Tokio Marine Asset Management (usa), Ltd.                                                                                - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Tokio Marine Asset Management (usa), Ltd.
                                    



 





















T 


Tokio Marine Asset Management (usa), Ltd.                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



60 E 42ND ST STE 2300 NEW YORK, NY 10165
Get Directions



(212) 476-8290
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $1,018,968.00
 Employee Count 8
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Takeo Mitsuhashi                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Tokio Marine Asset Management (usa), Ltd.                                                                                was founded in 2011, and is located at 60 E 42nd St Ste 2300 in New York. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Takeo Mitsuhashi                                                                                                         at (212) 476-8290. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Who We Are | TOKIO MARINE ASSET MANAGEMENT













Contact





Japanese
Tokio Marine Holdings Web Site 
Access







Home
Who We Are





Who We Are
We are on our client’s side
Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. (TMAM) provides investment advisory services for corporate pension funds and other institutional investors and corporate clients, and offers public investment trusts for individual customers.







Corporate Profile
Leadership
BOD
Executives
History
Awards
Policies







Corporate Profile


56 billion USDAssets under management as at June 30, 2017
1985 foundedTMAM was established in December 1985
4 sites around the worldGlobal structure with offices in Tokyo, New York, London and Singapore

View All





Leadership

Since our establishment in 1985, Tokio Marine Asset Management has strived to provide excellence in investment management services for our clients, and it is under this commitment that we will continue to develop and expand our business as part of the Tokio Marine Group.
We will continue to provide an exceptional client service that goes above and beyond expectations by remaining focused on the three pillars of our management mission.

Fiduciary - Strong fiduciary standards
Quality - Constantly improving quality
Innovation - Market-leading products

This is the “TMAM Quality” that we deliver, and will continue to deliver, to maintain the strong relationship of trust we have with our clients and take us to the next stage of our growth as an asset management firm.






Board of Directors



Masashi ObaPresident & CEO

Career


Joined Tokio Marine and Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. in 1978.
Spent four years at the United States Branch Office of Tokio Marine between 2002 and 2006.
Held successive positions within the group, including General Manager and Executive Officer of Corporate Accounting Department, Managing Director of Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd., and Senior Managing Director of Tokio Marine Holdings Inc.
Appointed Executive Vice President of Tokio Marine Holdings in 2015 and became a Member of the Board.
Currently serving as President & CEO of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.







Yuichiro KominamiManaging Director

Career


After joining Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.), held successive positions in the Investment Department.
Appointed Representative Director & President of Millea Real-Estate-Risk Management,Inc.
Appointed Director of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.
Currently serving as Managing Director.







Nobuki GotoManaging Director

Career


Joined Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. in 1983.
Transferred to Tokio Marine MC Asset Management Co., Ltd. (presently, Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.) in 1990.
Held successive positions, including Head of Investment Research Department, Head of Japanese Equity Department, Head of Quantitative Research and Investment Department, and Head of Investment Trust Business Division.
Appointed Executive Officer in 2006.
Appointed President and CEO of Tokio Marine Property Investment Management, Inc. in 2013.
Currently serving as Managing Director of Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd.







Charles J. YangManaging Director

Career


Charles J. Yang started his career with J.P. Morgan Investment Management in New York as a quantitative analyst. After serving as Chief Investment Officer for major European and Japanese asset management firms, he joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. in 2016.
Mr. Yang was a member of the Board of Governors for CFA Institute from 2009 to 2015. He served as Chair from 2013 to 2014, the first Asian Chair in the history of CFA Institute.

Qualifications: CFA





Non-executive Directors

Hirokazu Fujita
Yoichi Moriwaki
Tamon Watanabe
Masafumi Hikima







Executives



Tatsuro YuzawaManaging Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer

Career


Held successive positions in fixed income and equity investment for a Japanese bank and global asset management companies.
Joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. as Head of Quantitative Research & Investment.
Served as Executive Officer and Deputy CIO.
Currently Managing Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer.

Qualifications: CFA, CMA, CIIA






Yukio MoriyaExecutive Officer and Head of International Business Development Division

Career


Held successive positions in client relationship and marketing at Japanese and foreign asset management firms.
Joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. and served in positions such as General Manager of Client Relationship and Marketing Department for public pension clients and General Manager of Product Planning Department.
Served as Executive Officer and Head of Institutional Business Division.
Currently Executive Officer and Head of International Business Development Division.

Qualifications: CMA, CIIA






Ryoichi TsunemiExecutive Officer and Head of Administration Division

Career


Held successive positions in charge of credit review for loan originations for a Japanese commercial bank and Japanese equity investment, research and investment risk management for its investment management subsidiary.
Joined Tokio Marine Asset Management Co., Ltd. and served as Head of Investment Risk Management.
Currently Executive Officer and Head of Administration Division.

Qualifications: CMA






Ryuichi HokaoExecutive Officer and Head of Investment Trust Business Division

Career


After joining Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co., Ltd. (currently Tokio Marine & Nichido Fire Insurance Co., Ltd.), held successive positions in the Investment Department.
Appointed Head of Corporate Strategy Department.
Currently serving as Executive Officer and Head of Investment Trust Business.

Qualifications: CMA, CIIA, CFP






Chiaki FuruyaExecutive Officer, Head of Institutional Business Division, and Head of Financial Institutions Department

Career


Held successive positions in institutional business for Japanese insurance and asset management companies.
Currently Executive Officer, Head of Institutional Business Division, and Head of Financial Institutions Department.












History
TMAM - Providing a high quality service that exceeds client expectations
View All






Awards
TMAM places great importance on the quality of our offering, and the level of service provided collectively and individually to our clients. Therefore, we are proud when the quality of the work that we do is recognised by others.



Morningstar Fund of the Year 2016 Awards

TMAM’s TMA Japan Owners Equity Fund was named Excellent Fund in the Domestic Mid- and Small-cap Stock Fund Division of the Morningstar Fund of the Year 2016 Awards (Japan)



InvestmentEurope Fund Manager of the Year Awards 2016/2017

TMAM’s Focus B EUR Fund was named “Best Japanese Equity Fund” at the Investment Europe Fund Manager of the Year Awards 2016/2017.



Mercer MPA Awards 2016

TMAM’s Focus Strategy was awarded the Mercer MPA (Japan) Award 2016 in the Japan Equity Large-cap category



Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) 2016

TMAM’s Focus Strategy was awarded the R&I Fund Award in the Defined Benefit Pension/ Japanese Growth Equity Fund category



Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) 2015
Rating & Investment Information Inc. (R&I) 2016

TMAM’s GARP Strategy was awarded the R&I Fund Award in the Defined Benefit Pension/ Japanese Growth Equity Fund category



LIPPER FUND AWARDS 2014 JAPAN
LIPPER FUND AWARDS 2015 JAPAN
LIPPER FUND AWARDS 2016 JAPAN

TMAM was awarded the Lipper Fund Award for Best Group Over 3 Years Overall



CAMRADATA Asset View Award 2016

TMAM’s Focus Strategy won the CAMRADATA Asset View Award in the Japanese Equity - All Cap category



CAMRADATA Asset View Award 2015

TMAM’s GARP Strategy was the runner-up for the Asset View Award in the Japanese Equity - All Cap (YEN) category



AsianInvestor 2009 & 2010

Tokio Marine Investment Management International Pte. Ltd. won the AsianInvestor Investment Performance Award in the Asia ex Japan Equities category



Morningstar Disclaimer

References to any specific securities do not constitute an offer to buy or sell securities. Those awarded funds based upon the past performance cannot guarantee their future performance. Data or statements are obtained from sources Morningstar Japan K.K believed to be reliable but are not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness.
All information is the property of Morningstar Japan K.K. or Morningstar, Inc. and protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. All rights reserved. 
Taking every factor into consideration, Morningstar Japan K.K. has selected funds for Morningstar Award “Fund of the Year 2016” in each divisions from open-end mutual fund based upon its unique quantitative and qualitative analysis. Awarded funds in the Domestic Mid- and Small-cap Stock Fund Division have been selected from 250 funds at the end of December 2016.

Mercer

The Mercer MPA Awards are based only on historical return (gross of fees) obtained from investment managers and there is no relationship with Mercer’s qualitative ratings or recommendation. Mercer gives no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of such information or method of calculation, and accepts no responsibility or liability (including for indirect, consequential or incidental damages) for any error, omission or inaccuracy in such information. In addition, Past Performance cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance.For further information on Mercer Investment Consulting, please visit http://www.mercer.co.jp/  (Japanese)

R&I Disclaimer

The R&I Fund Award is presented to provide reference information based on the past data R&I believes to be reliable (however, its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed by R&I) and is not intended to recommend the purchase, sale or holding of particular products or guarantee their future performance. The Award is not the Credit Rating Business, but one of the Other Lines of Business (businesses excluding Credit Rating Business and also excluding the Ancillary Businesses) as set forth in Article 299, paragraph (1), item (xxviii) of the Cabinet Office Ordinance on Financial Instruments Business, etc. With respect to such business, relevant laws and regulations require measures to be implemented so that activities pertaining to such business would not unreasonably affect the Credit Rating Activities. Intellectual property rights including copyright and all other rights in this Award are the sole property of R&I, and any unauthorized copying, reproduction and so forth are prohibited. The Award for the "Investment Trusts/Aggregate" category is based on the average performance of the relevant funds of a fund manager, and does not indicate the excellent performance of all individual funds of the manager.

Lipper Disclaimer

Although Lipper makes reasonable efforts to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the data contained herein, the accuracy is not guaranteed by Lipper. Users acknowledge that they have not relied upon any warranty, condition, guarantee, or representation made by Lipper. Any use of the data for analyzing, managing, or trading financial instruments is at the user’s own risk. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities.








Policies
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement in Accordance with the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015

Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for the Fiscal Year 2015 











Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Solicitation Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap





Copyright (c) 2016 Tokio Marine Holdings, Inc.





