










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













John Tonnison Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 









John A. Tonnison - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















John A. Tonnison
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Tech Data Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you John A. Tonnison? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John A. Tonnison's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John A. Tonnison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John A. Tonnison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John A. Tonnison through your network of contacts.
												








John A. Tonnison's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, 
Tech Data Corporation


Past
To view John A. Tonnison's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
48

 
 


John A. Tonnison's Biography



John A. Tonnison, Executive Vice President, Cloud Computing and Chief Information Officer, joined the Company in March 2001 as Vice President, Worldwide E-Business and was promoted to Senior Vice President of IT Americas in December 2006. In February 2010, he was appointed to Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer. In July 2015, additional responsibilities were added to the role to include leadership of the strategic directions, operations and go-to-market execution of the Company's cloud business. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tonnison held executive management positions in the U.S., United Kingdom and Germany with Comput ...
(Read More)

			John A. Tonnison, Executive Vice President, Cloud Computing and Chief Information Officer, joined the Company in March 2001 as Vice President, Worldwide E-Business and was promoted to Senior Vice President of IT Americas in December 2006. In February 2010, he was appointed to Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer. In July 2015, additional responsibilities were added to the role to include leadership of the strategic directions, operations and go-to-market execution of the Company's cloud business. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tonnison held executive management positions in the U.S., United Kingdom and Germany with Computer 2000, Technology Solutions Network and Mancos Computers. Mr. Tonnison was educated in the United Kingdom and became a U.S. citizen in 2006.
		
Source: Tech Data Corporation on 03/24/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John A. Tonnison's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John A. Tonnison. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John A. Tonnison's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John A. Tonnison's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John A. Tonnison through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John A. Tonnison


















John A. Tonnison's Connections (25)





Sign up now to view John A. Tonnison's 25 connections »









Kathleen Misunas
Board Member, Tech Data Corporation









Robert M. Dutkowsky
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Tech Data Corporation









Joseph B. Trepani
Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tech Data Corporation









David R. Vetter
Former Exec VP, Chief Legal Officer, Tech Data Corporation









Kenneth T. Lamneck
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Insight Enterprises, Inc.









Nestor Cano
Chief Operating Officer, Sprint Corporation









Steven A. Raymund
Board Member, Jabil, Inc.









Charles V. Dannewitz
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Tech Data Corporation









Savio W. Tung
Board Member, Tech Data Corporation









Richard T. Hume
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Tech Data Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 



Tech Data To Appoint John Tonnison Executive Vice President And Chief Information Officer | Business Wire
























































Tech Data To Appoint John Tonnison Executive Vice President And Chief 
      Information Officer




      Tech Data Executive Vice President and CIO Joseph A. Osbourn to Retire
    





December 10, 2009 11:31 AM Eastern Standard Time



CLEARWATER, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD), a leading IT products distributor, 
      today announced that John Tonnison will assume the role of executive 
      vice president and chief information officer Feb. 1, 2010. Tonnison — an 
      experienced IT leader who joined the company in 2001 — will have global 
      responsibility for Tech Data’s extensive IT systems and world-class 
      e-business infrastructure. He will report to Tech Data CEO Robert 
      Dutkowsky. Tech Data Executive Vice President and Chief Information 
      Officer Joseph A. Osbourn will retire June 30, 2010. Following 
      Tonnison’s appointment as CIO, Osbourn will remain with Tech Data in an 
      advisory role as an executive vice president until his retirement.
    


      “The innovative use of technology enables Tech Data to drive new 
      efficiencies throughout the IT supply chain and enhance our execution on 
      behalf of customers and vendor partners,” said Dutkowsky. “Joe and John 
      have been the driving forces behind some of the most successful IT 
      investments in Tech Data’s 35-year history. We are grateful for Joe’s 
      contributions throughout the years, helping to build Tech Data into a 
      world-class enterprise. We also congratulate John on being named Tech 
      Data’s new CIO.”
    

      Tonnison joined Tech Data as vice president, worldwide e-business, 
      leading the development of Tech Data’s e-business strategy and tools. In 
      2006, he was promoted to senior vice president, Information Technology, 
      The Americas, continuing to drive Tech Data’s e-business vision and 
      taking responsibility for all business systems technology, application 
      software and operations in the Americas. Prior to Tech Data, he held 
      executive management positions in the U.S., United Kingdom and Germany 
      with TSN, Ameriquest, Log 2000, Frontline Distribution and Mancos 
      Computers. Born and educated in the United Kingdom, he became a U.S. 
      citizen in 2005.
    

About Tech Data


      Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ GS:TECD) is one of the world's largest 
      distributors of technology products from leading IT hardware and 
      software producers. Tech Data serves more than 125,000 IT solution 
      providers in over 100 countries. Every day, these value-added resellers 
      depend on Tech Data to cost-effectively support the technology needs of 
      end users, including small and medium businesses (SMB), large 
      enterprises and government agencies. Ranked 102nd on the FORTUNE 500(R), 
      Tech Data generated $24.1 billion in net sales for its fiscal year ended 
      January 31, 2009. To learn more, visit www.techdata.com.
    




Contacts

      Tech Data CorporationJarred LeFebvre, 800-305-3374jarred.lefebvre@techdata.com




















Contacts

      Tech Data CorporationJarred LeFebvre, 800-305-3374jarred.lefebvre@techdata.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	Tech Data














































Login
                  |  
    Register















 


Advanced Search






 




    Select Search Criteria
     


Find all the words
Find any of these words
"Find this exact match
Find partial words


Products
UPC/EAN
MFR Part Code






Description
Model
TD Part Code



















  0 line item(s)  























Home


Products


Deals


Accessories


Cameras


Components & Accessories


Consumer Electronics


Mobility


Networking


Office Products


Peripherals


Power Devices & UPS


Software


Storage


Systems


Tablets


TVs


Bad Box


Cloud




Solutions


Apple


AIS


Consumer Technology Solutions


Security


Software


Systems & Peripherals IT


TD Mobile Solutions




Markets


Public Sector


Latin America/Caribbean




Tools


SMARTattach Opportunity Portal


Cisco Smart Attach


My Address Book


MyOrderTracker


MyLicenseTracker


Price & Availability


End User S.P.A. Search (Special Pricing Agreement)


My S.P.A. Tracker


Product Support Tools


Software License Selector


Activate Here


TDAnywhere


MyGovBids


Quotes


Hotlamps


accessTD


Service Plan Finder


ACES


iQuote Hewlett Packard Enterprises


iQuote HP Inc


EmpowerMe




Services


Data Center


eBusiness Services


td partsmart


Electronic Data Interchange (EDI)


XML (eXtensible Markup Language)


accessTD


ICC Internet Commerce Council 




Private Label Delivery


Supply Chain


Integrated Supply Chain Services (ISCS)


TDSureStock




TDAgency


TDCloud


TDCreditServices


TDEducation


TDEngage


TDIntegration


TDLogistics


TD Mobile Solutions


TDTechServices


TDOnCall


Webinars


Reseller Connect Marketing Portal




Manufacturer Stores


Acer


Barracuda


Brocade


Cisco


Dell


EMC


HP


Intel


Kodak Alaris


Lenovo


Microsoft


Symantec


VMware




TechSelect


Support


TDCustomerCare


FAQs


EC IDs & Passwords


New User Registration


Tutorials




Account


Account Management


Account Maintenance (EC Admin)


Password Maintenance


Credit Details


Credit Summary


Site Options (Preferences)


Contact Your Main Administrator


Obtain an EC ID




Open Line Report


Order Status


Order Management


Saved Shopping Carts


Shopping Cart


View Commercial Invoices




Returns 


ASM


Product Return Policy


Returns T&C Statement


Returns FAQs




TD DirectPay







About Us


Contact Us


Doing Business With Us


Events


Tech Data News


Vendor Partners




Investors


Careers




























Welcome to TechData.com!












Tech Data Appoints John Tonnison to Vice President of E-Commerce
CLEARWATER, Fla., (March 21, 2001) - Tech Data Corp. has appointed John Tonnison, an internationally experienced technology industry veteran to the position of vice president, electronic commerce, sales and marketing systems.
In his new position, Tonnison will be responsible for leading Tech Data's enterprise-wide e-commerce initiatives. The company's vast e-commerce infrastructure includes a customer web application, providing complete product fulfillment and account management service, a real-time Web-based procurement solution to provide reseller customers with the capacity to create their own branded e-business storefront, vendor-partnered reseller marketplaces and CRM (customer relationship management) tools.  In addition, Tech Data provides extensive electronic data interchange capability to its customers and vendors.
"John brings a winning combination of cross-cultural, technical and general management expertise to our e-commerce and Web initiatives. With his leadership, we will significantly expand our worldwide e-commerce strategy leveraging our European and U.S. strengths and focusing on rapidly implementing next-generation solutions to expand market share," said Joe Osbourn, executive vice president and worldwide chief information officer, Tech Data.
Tonnison's 15 years of European and U.S. market experience includes e-commerce, ERP (enterprise resource planning) implementations, call-center development, data warehousing, EIS projects and warehouse automation in both dot-com and bricks-and-mortar environments. Most recently he was a consulting partner with ASPassist Inc., specializing in software development and migration, data-center planning and operation and service-level management in the Application Service Provider marketplace.

Tonnison has held executive management positions in the U.S., U.K. and Germany with such companies as Technology Solutions Network, Ameriquest Technologies (Computer 2000), Log 2000, (Computer 2000), Frontline Distribution and Mancos Computer. Numbered among Tonnison's key career achievements are design and deployment of the U.K.'s first technology distributor e-commerce system, integration of process and systems for acquisitions in the U.S. and U.K. and successful and timely implementation of 13 ERP systems including SAP. He is a member of the Ambit iASP advisory council.
About Tech Data
Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ/NMS: TECD), founded in 1974, is a leading global provider of IT products, logistics management and other value-added services. The Fortune 500 company and its subsidiaries serve more than 100,000 technology resellers in the United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East. Tech Data's extensive service offering includes pre- and post-sale training and technical support, financing options, configuration and assembly services as well as a full range of award-winning electronic commerce solutions. The company generated sales of $19.9 billion for the past four quarters reported, which ended October 31, 2000.
Contact for more information:
Beth Hardy/Tech Data Corporation
727-539-7429, ext. 86283
bhardy@techdata.com
 




















Home | Contact Us  | EC IDs & Passwords | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Mobile



            
      Tech Data and the Tech Data logo are registered trademarks of Tech Data Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © (1994, 1995-2012) Tech Data Corporation. All rights reserved.
    
        











































Tech Data Appoints John Tonnison to Lead Global Cloud Strategy and Operations Nasdaq:TECD









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Tech Data Appoints John Tonnison to Lead Global Cloud Strategy and Operations
Remains Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer



















July 13, 2015 09:00 ET

 | Source: Tech Data Corp.





CLEARWATER, Fla., July 13, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Tech Data Corporation (NASDAQ:TECD) announced it has appointed John ("JT") Tonnison to lead the strategic direction, operations, and go-to-market execution of the company's worldwide cloud business. Tonnison will continue to serve as the company's executive vice president, chief information officer (CIO), a position he has held since 2009. In his expanded role, Tonnison will oversee Tech Data's cloud leadership in the Americas and Europe and will continue to report directly to Bob Dutkowsky, the company's chief executive officer.

	"As we continue to invest in supporting our customers on their journey to hybrid computing, we recognized the need for dedicated global leadership of this strategic focus area for our company," said Dutkowsky. "JT has played an integral role in setting our global strategy and leads a high-performing, multicultural, international organization that has a tremendous depth of experience as practitioners of cloud and hybrid solutions, integration, and migration. His outstanding business mind and understanding of the IT channel, combined with his understanding of technology and its real-world applications, make him an ideal leader to drive growth in cloud offerings for Tech Data and our channel partners."

	Tonnison joined Tech Data in 2001 as vice president, Worldwide E-Business, leading the development of Tech Data's E-Business strategy and tools. He was promoted to senior vice president, IT Americas in 2006, and in 2009 was named executive vice president, CIO, taking on worldwide responsibility for all business systems technology, application software, and operations. Prior to joining Tech Data, he held executive management positions in the U.S., United Kingdom, and Germany with TSN, Ameriquest, Log 2000, Frontline Distribution, and Mancos Computers.

	In April 2015, Tonnison was named to Computerworld's Premier 100 IT Leaders list. A dedicated advocate for diversity and inclusion, he was honored with the Silver Medallion Award by Community Tampa Bay in May 2015. He also serves on the board of Florida Businesses for a Competitive Workforce and is on the advisory board of Equality Means Business.

About Tech Data

	Tech Data Corporation is one of the world's largest wholesale distributors of technology products, services and solutions. Its advanced logistics capabilities and value added services enable 115,000 resellers to efficiently and cost effectively support the diverse technology needs of end users in more than 100 countries. Tech Data generated $27.7 billion in net sales for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2015. It is ranked No. 107 on the Fortune 500® and one of Fortune's "World's Most Admired Companies." To learn more, visit www.techdata.com, or follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
Media Contact
Amanda Lee
Public Relations Manager
(727) 538-5803
amanda.lee@techdata.com



Related Articles
other press releases by Tech Data Corp.


Tech Data Announces Chairmanship Transition
March 29, 2017 16:15


Tech Data Corporation Reports Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Results
March 08, 2017 06:00


Tech Data Completes Acquisition of Avnet’s Technology Solutions Business 
February 27, 2017 11:00


Tech Data Corporation to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Results on March 8
February 24, 2017 09:20


Tech Data’s Bauerlein and McCourt Recognized as 2017 CRN Channel Chiefs
February 20, 2017 15:56






213



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Tech Data Corp.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Clearwater, Florida, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Media Contact
Amanda Lee
Public Relations Manager
(727) 538-5803
amanda.lee@techdata.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Tech Data Corp.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        








Tags
COMPUTERS
SOFTWARE














Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

































CIO Profiles: John Tonnison Of Tech Data - InformationWeek



















































































CIO Insights & Innovation 




Security & Risk Strategy




Team Building & Staffing




IT Strategy




Digital Business








Project Management




Programming Languages




Dr. Dobb's








Enterprise Applications




Operating Systems




Productivity/Collaboration Apps








Network Security




Careers & People




Threat Intelligence




IoT




Attacks & Breaches




Application Security




Cloud Security




Endpoint Security




Mobile Security




Perimeter Security




Risk Management




Operations Security




Analytics




Vulnerabilities & Threats




Security & Risk Strategy








Infrastructure as a Service




Platform as a Service




Software as a Service




Cloud Storage




Data Centers








Mobile Applications




Mobile Devices




Mobile Business




Enterprise Mobility Management








Big Data Analytics




Hardware/Architectures




Software Platforms




IoT








Networking




Storage




Wireless Infrastructure




Data Center




Unified Communications




Cloud Infrastructure




Applications




Careers




PCs and Servers




Net Security








Government




Healthcare




Wall Street & Technology




Bank Systems & Technology




Insurance & Technology








Industries




Government




Healthcare




Wall Street & Technology




Bank Systems & Technology




Insurance & Technology




IT Life


Mobile




Mobile Applications




Mobile Devices




Mobile Business




Enterprise Mobility Management




Software




Enterprise Applications




Operating Systems




Productivity/Collaboration Apps

 










Informationweek
Network Computing
Dark Reading

Tech Library
 University

About Us
Advertise







































































Follow IW:
































IT Leadership // CIO Insights & Innovation










1/17/201304:15 PMInformationWeekNews0 commentsComment NowLogin50%50%


Tweet




RELATED EVENTSUsing Threat Data to Improve Your Cyber DefenseAug 10, 2017Attend this webinar to learn how you can determine which threats pose the greatest danger to your 
	...Read More>>
RELATED CONTENT
Evolution of the Data Scientist

Big Data Network Traffic Intelligence

Gartner Predicts 2017: Threat & Vulnerability Management

CIO Profiles: John Tonnison Of Tech DataBig data is nothing new, notes this CIO.

Career Track

       John Tonnison  Executive VP and CIO, Tech Data  

How long at Tech Data:  I've been with this distributor of tech products for 11 years. 

Career accomplishment I'm most proud of:  I'm very proud of the growth and success of a few great colleagues whose IT careers I had the opportunity to help kick off.

Decision I wish I could do over:  I administered the winding down of operations and sale of a former company. The negativity of that assignment made it starkly clear to me that my energy comes from creating and building. It took awhile for me to shake off that experience. 

Most important career influencer:  Mark Mulford, former managing director at Frontline Distribution in the U.K. When I was his IT director, he took it on himself to teach me the whole business. I still help myself out of impasses by asking, "What would Mark do?"  

On The Job


IT budget:  More than $100 million

Size of IT team:  More than 400 globally

Top initiatives:




  Integrating a series of recently acquired businesses.
 Leveraging our global SAP capabilities  to provide specialized supply chain services  to partners.
  Optimizing our recent SAP module implementation in the U.S. to improve operational efficiencies and customer experience. 





Vision


Most disruptive force in my industry: Global economic volatility and the resulting effect on consumer confidence have significant influence on our industry, as does the huge growth of tablet computing. 

How I give my team room to innovate:  As one of our CEO's direct reports, my organization is formally tasked with responsibility for innovation, one of his three strategic imperatives for the corporation (along with execution and diversification). We're not expected to just bring solutions and services to the leadership table, but ideas, challenges and opportunities.

The most overrated IT movement: The idea of "big data" being a new, breakout discipline and movement. We've all been capturing, storing, mining, tuning and looking for patterns in masses of data from the moment we started to measure disk space in terabytes.    

Personal


The fastest way into my doghouse:  To argue against feedback rather than acknowledge it for what it is 

Person I'd most like  to have lunch with:  Jony Ive, senior VP of industrial design at Apple

First job:  Studio photographer

Best book read recently: Drift, by Rachel Maddow 

If I weren't a CIO, I'd  be ...  a policeman

Ranked No. 40 in the 2012  


Comment  | Email This  | Print  | RSSMore InsightsWebcasts
Using Threat Data to Improve Your Cyber Defense

The Real Impact of a Data Security Breach
More WebcastsWhite Papers
Big Data Network Traffic Intelligence

Gartner Predicts 2017: Threat & Vulnerability Management
More White PapersReports
[Security Spending] Budgets, Plans & Priorities for 2017

Guide to DevOps: Continuous Delivery & Automation
More Reports

















Comments



Newest First  |  Oldest First  |  Threaded View









[close this box]












Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. 




















Reports











How Enterprises Are Attacking the IT Security Enterprise

To learn more about what organizations are doing to tackle attacks and threats we surveyed a group of 300 IT and infosec professionals to find out what their biggest IT security challenges are and what they're doing to defend against today's threats. Download the report to see what they're saying. 


Download Now!






More Reports 















Subscribe to Newsletters























Live Events






Webinars













More UBM TechLive Events












Using Cyber Threat Intelligence Wisely[Best Practices] Managing Multiple CloudsThe Real Impact of a Data Security Breach




Webinar Archives 













White Papers





Evolution of the Data Scientist


Big Data Network Traffic Intelligence


Gartner Predicts 2017: Threat & Vulnerability Management


[Infographic] The Incident Response Decision Tree


The Agile Security Manifesto






More White Papers










Current Issue




IT Strategies to Conquer the CloudChances are your organization is adopting cloud computing in one way or another -- or in multiple ways. Understanding the skills you need and how cloud affects IT operations and networking will help you adapt.
Download This Issue!






Back Issues | Must Reads
















Video

























A Lesson in Physics and Engineering for ...


0 Comments









FireEye CEO Shares State of IT Threat ...


0 Comments









An All-in-One Service Chaining Solution


0 Comments









The Uber of Roadside Assistance 


1 Comments









How ConocoPhillips Reduced its Data ...


0 Comments









A 'Sensor to Sunset' Cloud Brokerage ...


1 Comments









The Rise Of SDN: What It Means For ...


0 Comments









Secrets To Building Better Products: Fail ...


1 Comments









InformationWeek Elite 100: Celebrating ...


1 Comments









Google Puts Its Stamp On The Network Of ...


1 Comments









Beyond WiFi: Building Better Enterprise ...


1 Comments









Ransomware: How Should IT Respond?


0 Comments


















All Videos 













Slideshows







10 Things IT Pros Should Consider (or Dread) Before the Job Hunt



0 comments
 | Read | Post a Comment








10 IT Jobs That Will Be Done by AI


2






7 Technologies that Enable a Microservices Architecture


1






More Slideshows










Twitter Feed


Tweets about "from:InformationWeek OR #InformationWeek OR @InformationWeek"









Sponsored Live Streaming Video




Everything You've Been Told About Mobility Is Wrong Attend this video symposium with Sean Wisdom, Global Director of Mobility Solutions, and learn about how you can harness powerful new products to mobilize your business potential.

465 comments
 | Read | Post a Comment






Full schedule | Archived Shows













Flash Poll










All Polls




















Technology Group Black HatContent Marketing InstituteContent Marketing World Dark ReadingEnterprise ConnectFusionGDCGamasutraHDIICMIInformationWeekInterop ITXNetwork ComputingNo JitterVRDCCOMMUNITIES SERVEDContent MarketingEnterprise ITEnterprise CommunicationsGame DevelopmentInformation SecurityIT Services & SupportWORKING WITH USAdvertising ContactsEvent CalendarTech MarketingSolutionsContact UsLicensingTerms of ServicePrivacy StatementLegal EntitiesCopyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
























To rate this item, click on a rating below.





[close this box]




 
To save this item to your list of favorite InformationWeek content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.
 





If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers.  You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service.
 Tweet This
[close this box]















