

China Wholesale Suppliers & China Manufacturers | HKTDC
































































 


Admin Page |

About HKTDC
 |
Media Room

| Contact HKTDC
|

Register Now
|


					Wish List
				 (0)
|
My HKTDC
|

Login


Logout






繁體
|
简体
|




Select Your Language










Google Real-Time Translation 








Cancel

This service is provided by Google Inc. If any part of the translated version is unclear, reference should be made to the English version.





























All

|

Products/Services

|

Company Name

|

Research

|

Events

|

News

|

Multimedia







 

All Categories
Auto Parts & Accessories
Baby Products
Book & Printed Item
Building Materials & Hardware
Computer & Peripherals
Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Environmental Protection Equipment & Product
Eyewear & Accessories
Food & Beverage
Footwear
Furniture & Furnishing
Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories
Gift & Premiums
Handbag & Travel Goods
Health & Beauty
Household Products
Jewellery
Lighting Product
Medical Supply and Medicine
Packaging Product & Material
Pet & Pet Supply
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Raw Material & Chemical
Service
Specialised Product
Sports Goods
Stationery & Office Equipment
Telecom Products
Toy & Game
Watch & Clock























			Top Search: 
		



 







 
















Quality Suppliers by Industry




 Product Suppliers

Auto Parts & Accessories
Book & Printed Item
Computer & Peripherals
Environmental Protection Equipment 
Food & Beverage
Furniture & Furnishing
Gift & Premiums
Health & Beauty
Jewellery
Medical Supply & Medicine
Pet & Pet Supply
Raw Material & Chemical
Specialised Product
Stationery & Office Equipment
Toy & Game
Small-Order Zone



 

Baby Product
Building Material, Hardware & Machinery
Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Eyewear & Accessories
Footwear
Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories
Handbag & Travel Goods
Household Product
Lighting Product
Packaging Product & Material
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Sports Goods
Telecommunication
Watch & Clock
More...



Service Suppliers

Accounting Service
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service
Business Management & Consultancy Service
Design Services & Brand Strategy
Education & Training
Entertainment
Environmental Protection Solution & Service
Event Organisation
Finance Service
Franchising & Licensing
Information Technology
Infrastructure & Real Estate
Legal Service
Logistics & Transport



 

Medical & Healthcare
Packaging
Printing
Publishing
Quality Inspection & Testing
Storage Service
Technology
Telecommunication
Tourism
More...








							HKTDC Events





Asian Financial Forum
Book Fair
Business of IP Asia Forum
Diamond, Gem & Pearl Show
Education & Careers Expo
Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition)
Entrepreneur Day
Fashion Week (Fall/Winter)
Film & TV Market (FILMART)
Gifts & Premium Fair
Home Textiles & Furnishings Fair
ICT Expo
Jewellery Show
Lighting Fair (Autumn Edition)
Medical Devices & Supplies Fair
Printing & Packaging Fair
SmartBiz Expo
Tea Fair 
Watch & Clock Fair




Baby Products Fair
Building and Decoration Materials & Hardware Fair
Chinese Medicine & Health Products Exhibition
Eco Expo Asia
ElectronicAsia
Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
Fashion Week (Spring/Summer)
Food Expo
Franchising Show
Home Delights Expo
Houseware Fair
Inno Design Tech Expo
Licensing Show
Lighting Fair (Spring Edition)
Optical Fair
Stationery Fair
Toys & Games Fair
World Boutique
Wine & Spirits Fair








						HKTDC Research





							Service Highlight





About HKTDC
Product Magazines
SME Startup Program
Buyer Meetings
Customized Business Matching
Mobile Applications
Design Gallery
Supplier Services
Buyer Services
SME Centre

















































Trusted Online Marketplace


Source from quality suppliers and manufacturers from Hong Kong, Chinese mainland and around the world on our trusted online marketplace.With our core values - Relevant, Reliable and Resourceful, we provide supplier search and referrals supported by professional authentications.
Learn more about our customised service for: 
 Buyers    Suppliers







hktdc.com Small Orders







						The hktdc.com Small Orders is an online sourcing platform for buyers looking for suppliers accepting small-quantity orders. Online payments are processed and protected by PayPal.
						

Click here
						to see the products and buy now!
					

















Browse by Categories




Auto Parts & Accessories (12374) 
        	
            
            	







Auto Parts


Car Accessories


Car Electronics






Car Electronics


Car Accessories


Auto Parts


Car Security & Safety


Car Care & Cleaning


Motorcycle Parts & Accessories


Motor Vehicles


Boats / Ships & Parts


Garage Tools & Equipment


Motorcycles


Aircraft & Parts








Baby Products (16463) 
        	
            
            	







Baby Wears


Baby Toys & Activities


Baby Shoes






Baby Toys & Activities


Baby Wears


Strollers & Gears


Baby Furniture


Feeding


Baby Care & Bath Products


Bedding Items


Baby Safety Items


Baby Gift Sets


Mother Care


Baby Shoes


Nurseries


Baby Food








Book & Printed Item (6528) 
        	
            
            	







Printed Matter


Book & Magazine


Card






Printed Matter


Sign & Display Product


Card


Book & Magazine


Printing Consumables 


Poster


Printing Equipment and System


Book Binding Materials


Multimedia


Learning aids


Map


Printing and Packaging Magazine and Website

















Building Materials & Hardware (16744) 
        	
            
            	







Building Materials


Hardware


Doors, Windows & Accessories






Building Materials


Hardware


Flooring, Wall, Ceiling & Accessories


Bathroom & Kitchen Hardware


Doors, Windows & Accessories


Hand Tools


Building Equipment


Garden Tools


Building Materials & Hardware Magazines








Computer & Peripherals (33681) 
        	
            
            	







Computer Hardware / Peripherals


Software


Computer Parts, Drives & Storages






Computer Hardware / Peripherals


Computer Parts, Drives & Storages


Tablet PCs & Accessories


Computer Accessories


Laptops & Accessories


USB Devices


Software


Computer Network Equipments


Desktops & Servers


Industrial / Commercial Computers & Accessories


PDA & Accessories








Electronics & Electrical Appliances (109700) 
        	
            
            	







Electronic / Electrical Component & Accessories


Consumer Electronics


Audio-Visual Product






Electronic / Electrical Component & Accessories


Audio-Visual Product


Consumer Electronics


Electrical Appliance


Home Appliances


Security Products


Solar Generated Product & Cell


Engineering Service


Internet of Things / Smart Home Systems


Trade Publication & Service

















Environmental Protection Equipment & Product (13451) 
        	
            
            	







Environmentally-Friendly Product


Energy, Energy Efficiency Equipment, Product and Solution


Environmental Equipment






Energy, Energy Efficiency Equipment, Product and Solution


Environmentally-Friendly Product


Environmental Equipment


Water Treatment Equipment


Air Quality


Water Quality


Waste Management & Recycling


Green Design


Sound & Noise Control








Eyewear & Accessories (13676) 
        	
            
            	







Glasses Frames


Sunglasses


Eyewear Parts & Accessories






Glasses Frames


Eyewear Parts & Accessories


Sunglasses


Reading / Optical Glasses


Eyeglasses Lenses


Sports Sunglasses


3D / Smart Technology Glasses


Contact Lenses & Accessories


Kid's Eyewear


Eyewear Machinery


Safety Glasses


Design / Testing Services


Eyewear Magazines








Food & Beverage (27851) 
        	
            
            	







Confectionary & Snacks


Beverages


Alcoholic Beverages






Alcoholic Beverages


Beverages


Packaging Materials


Confectionary & Snacks


Seasonings & Condiments


Vegetables & Fruits


Seafood


Grain Products


Instant Food


Baked Products


Meat & Poultry


Services


Dairy & Egg Products


Catering Equipment


Honey / Jam / Peanut Butter


Instant Noodles


Food Processing Machinery


Bean Products


Animal Feed / Seeds


Baby Food

















Footwear (8026) 
        	
            
            	







For Men 


For Women


For Children






For Women


For Men 


For Children


Parts & Accessories 


Baby Shoes


Safety Shoes


Warmer Boots


Hotel Shoes








Furniture & Furnishing (38934) 
        	
            
            	







Home Decorations & Crafts


Home Furniture


Home Textiles






Home Decorations & Crafts


Home Furniture


Home Textiles


Commercial Furniture


Garden / Outdoor Furniture


Curtains & Accessories


Furniture Accessories & Parts


Garden Decorations


Folding Furniture


Inflatable Furniture


Furniture Magazines








Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories (93642) 
        	
            
            	







Garments


Clothing Accessories


Fabrics, Yarns & Fibres






Garments


Clothing Accessories


Fashion Accessories


Fabrics, Yarns & Fibres


Garment Display Supplies


Costumes


Bath Clothings


Protective Clothings


Wedding Apparels


Uniforms


Industrial Clothings


Outward Processing Supplies


Industrial Products


Garden Clothings


Stage Wears

















Gift & Premiums (54701) 
        	
            
            	







Gifts / Souvenirs


Party Supplies


Smokers' Accessories






Gifts / Souvenirs


Festive Supplies


Party Supplies


Gift Sets


Gift Packaging


Smokers' Accessories


Awards


Art & Collectibles


Religious Items / Crafts


Wedding Gifts / Accessories


Musical Instruments & Cases








Handbag & Travel Goods (53786) 
        	
            
            	







Handbags


Travel Bags & Luggage


Sports & Leisure Bags






Handbags


Shopping Bags


Digital Gear & Camera Bags


Sports & Leisure Bags


Travel Bags & Luggage


Wallets / Purses & Holders


Makeup Bags / Cases


Parts & Accessories


Kids School Bags


Diaper Bags


Handbag Repairing Services








Health & Beauty (22189) 
        	
            
            	







Healthcare Supplies


Health Supplements


Cosmetics & Accessories






Cosmetics & Accessories


Healthcare Supplies


Hair Care & Styling Products


Hair Accessories & Wigs


Manicure & Pedicure Supplies


Bath Supplies


Skin Care


Health Supplements


Personal Hygiene Supplies


Beauty Equipment


Shaving & Hair Removal Products


Oral Care


Bath / Skincare Sets

















Household Products (62822) 
        	
            
            	







Tableware


Sundry Household Items


Kitchenware






Kitchenware


Tableware


Home Storage & Organization


Drinkware


Sundry Household Items


Bar Accessories


Bathroom Supplies


Laundry Supplies


Umbrellas & Parts


Cleaning Equipment


Towels


Cleaning Chemicals


Barbeque Supplies








Jewellery (70010) 
        	
            
            	







Costume & Fashion Jewelry


Fine Jewelry


Loose Gemstones






Costume & Fashion Jewelry


Fine Jewelry


Loose Gemstones


Jewelry Packaging & Display


Loose Diamonds


Jewelry Boxes


Synthetic Diamonds & Gemstones Jewellery


Loose Pearls


Decoration & Crafts


Jewelry Findings & Components


Loose Beads


Jewelry Tools


Synthetic Diamonds & Gemstones


Service


Jewelry Testing Equipment


Jewelry Magazines


CVD Diamonds


CVD Diamonds Jewellery








Lighting Product (74946) 
        	
            
            	







LED Lighting & Display


Lighting Accessories & Lamp Parts


Light Bulbs / Tubes






LED Lighting & Display


Light Bulbs / Tubes


Indoor Lighting 


Lighting Accessories & Lamp Parts


Outdoor Lighting 


Emergency & Professional Lighting 


Decorative Lighting 


Sensor Lights


Lighting Design


Lighting Magazines


Car Lighting

















Medical Supply and Medicine (5628) 
        	
            
            	







Pharmaceutical and Medicine


Hospital and Medical Supply


Medical Supplies and Disposables






Hospital and Medical Supply


Pharmaceutical and Medicine


Electromedical Equipment / Medical Technology


Medical Supplies and Disposables


Diagnostics


Physiotherapy / Orthopaedic / Rehabilitation Technology & Equipment


First Aid Equipment, Emergency Equipment and Transportation


Dental Equipment and Supplies


Laboratory Equipment


Hospital Building Technology & Furniture


Medical Equipment Components & Materials


Chinese Medical Devices


Medical Communication, Systems and Information Technology








Packaging Product & Material (25370) 
        	
            
            	







Plastic Packaging


Paper Packaging


Metal Packaging






Paper Packaging


Plastic Packaging


Gift Packaging


Food & Beverage Packaging


Metal Packaging


Watch & Jewelry Packaging


Fabric / Non-Woven Packaging


Packaging Service


Packaging Supplies


Wooden Packaging


Cosmetic Bottles & Jars


Perfume Bottles


Glass Packaging


Packaging Machinery & System








Pet & Pet Supply (2428) 
        	
            
            	







Pet Supply


Aquarium Supply


Pet Care / Grooming Products






Pet Supply


Pet Care / Grooming Products


Aquarium Supply


Pet Food Technology


Bird Supply


Service


Pet


Pet Healthcare Products & Treatment Supply


Veterinary Supplement


Veterinary Instruments

















Photographic & Optical Equipment (4557) 
        	
            
            	







Camera


Photographic Equipment


Projector






Photographic Equipment


Camera


Projector


Accessory


Binoculars


Microscope


Optical Instrument


Telescope








Raw Material & Chemical (5168) 
        	
            
            	







Chemical / Plastic Material


Raw Material


Waste and Scrap






Chemical / Plastic Material


Raw Material


Waste and Scrap








Service (41807) 
        	
            
            	







Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service


Design Services & Brand Strategy


Accounting Services






Accounting Services


Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service


Association Services & Government Organisations


Building Engineering


Business Management & Consultancy Services


Design Services & Brand Strategy


Education & Training


Entertainment


Environmental Protection Solution & Service


Event Organisation


Finance Services


Franchising & Licensing


Information Technology


Infrastructure & Real Estate


Legal Services


Logistics & Transport Services


Medical & Healthcare Services


Packaging Services


Printing Services


Publishing Services


Quality Inspection & Testing Services


Shipping & Maritime Services


Storage Services


Technology, R&D


Telecommunication Services


Tourism

















Specialised Product (9641) 
        	
            
            	







Laboratory and Scientific Equipment


Machinery


Photonic Products & Technology






Machinery


Raw Materials & Chemicals


Laboratory and Scientific Equipment


Testing Instruments & Equipment


Photonic Products & Technology








Sports Goods (27803) 
        	
            
            	







Camping & Picnic Equipment


Sportswear


Sports Shoes






Camping & Picnic Equipment


Cycling Supplies


Swimming


Sportswear


Sports Shoes


Sports Equipment


Golf Equipment


Fitness & Body Building Equipment


Water Sports Equipment


Baseball Supplies


Football / Soccer Supplies


Skateboarding Equipment 


Winter Sports Equipment


Racquet Sports Supplies


Mountaineering / Climbing Equipment


Inline Skates Equipment


Fishing Equipment


Sporting Rifle Equipment


Basketball Supplies


Roller Skates Equipment


Volleyball Supplies


Dart Game Supplies


Athletic Supplies


Cheerleading Supplies


Martial Arts Supplies


Car Racing Supplies


Snookers & Billiards Supplies


American Football Supplies


Rugby Supplies


Hockey Supplies


Equestrian Supplies


Handball Supplies


Amusement Park Facilities


Bowling Supplies


Paragliding Equipment


Archery Supplies








Stationery & Office Equipment (33356) 
        	
            
            	







Office Equipment


Stationery


Greeting & Invitation Cards






Stationery


Crafting & Scrapbooking


Office Equipment


Painting & Drawing


Greeting & Invitation Cards


Calendars


Boards & Board Dusters


Badge Holders & Accessories


Books


Teaching Aids


Magazines / Newspapers


Maps / Posters / Door Hangers

















Telecom Products (35473) 
        	
            
            	







Mobile Phones & Accessories


Communication & Satellite Equipment


Telephones & Accessories






Mobile Phones & Accessories


Communication & Satellite Equipment


Telephones & Accessories


Telecom Services








Toy & Game (57422) 
        	
            
            	







Educational Toys


Electronic Toys


Plush & Stuffed Toys






Toy Vehicle


Educational Toys


Sports & Outdoor Fun


Arts & Crafts


Pretend Play 


Plush & Stuffed Toys


Ride-On Toys


Electronic Toys


Dolls & Accessories


Baby Toys


Toy Figures / Decorations


STEM Toys


Plastic Toys


Gambling


Action Figures & Accessories


Model Kits & Accessories


Toy Parts


Virtual Reality (VR) Headsets & Gears


Magic / Joking Toys


Balloons


Yoyo


Game Tables


Pet Toys


Wooden Toys


Fidget Spinners / Spinning Tops


Candy Toys 


Capsule Toys


Toy Design / Packaging / Testing Services


Metal Toys


Interactive Tech Toys


Augmented Reality (AR) Games & Gears


Toy Magazines








Watch & Clock (24998) 
        	
            
            	







Watches


Clocks


Watch Bands






Watches


Clocks


Watch Boxes 


Watch Bands


Watch Parts


Watch Accessories


Clock Radios


Timers


Watch Tools & Testing Equipment


Clock Movements


Clock Parts


Stopwatches


Hourglasses


Watch / Clock Magazines


Watch Design / Testing Service

























Search Products:






















Featured Suppliers






China








Anhui


Chongqing


Fujian


Putian


Quanzhou


Xiamen


Zhangzhou




Guangdong


Chaozhou


Chenghai


Dongguan


Foshan


Guangzhou


Jiangmen


Sanshui


Shunde


Zhongshan


Zhuhai




													
													
					                      				Guangxi
													
				                      				
				                      					

Beihai










Guizhou


Hebei


Heilongjiang


Inner Mongolia


Jiangsu


Jiangxi


Jingdezhen


Yingtan




Jilin


Qinghai


Shaanxi


Shandong


Qingdao


Weihai


Wenshang


Yantai




Shanghai


Sichuan








Taiwan


Yunnan


Zhejiang


Cangnan


Huzhou


Jiaxing


Jinhua


Keqiao


Longquan


Ningbo


Ninghai


Shangyu


Wenzhou


Yunhe
















International









																			Bangladesh
																		



																			Belgium
																		



																			Indonesia
																		


																	
																	
																		Japan
																	
																	
																		

Food


Pearl





																			Spain
																		



																			Thailand
																		














Featured Products






HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair 2016 (Autumn Edition)


Smart Tech


HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair 2016 (Spring Edition)


Wearable Electronics


HKTDC Hong Kong Toys & Games Fair 2016


World of Sports


HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair 2015 (Autumn Edition)


Smart Tech
Mobile Entertainment


HKTDC Hong Kong Watch & Clock Fair 2015


Wearable Tech (Timepiece)


HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair 2015 (Spring Edition)


In-vehicle Electronics
Wearable Electronics


HKTDC Hong Kong Fashion Week for Fall/Winter 2015


Fashion Accessories










Featured Brands








Quanzhou
Ningbo
Dalian









Shandong











hktdc.com Request for Quotation:



Looking for qualified suppliers?
				With 
hktdc.com Request for Quotation, you can:




Customize your buying request


Get quotations from quality suppliers







Submit your buying request 

More details on RFQ








Success Story







TDC's Total Trade Promotion Powers Plastic Success
"...we simply use hktdc.com as our company's main Web page!" 



More


















More HKTDC Services














Get Product Alert
as soon as new products and suppliers come online!
										













Subscribe Product Magazines
to obtain latestproduct trends
										













HKTDC Marketplace App
Your Smart Sourcing Companion
										













Chat with us
for sourcing advice
										













Email Us
for assistance in sourcing products
										


















Advertisement












		Established by Hong Kong Trade Development Council, hktdc.com attracts 1,700,000 worldwide buyers to source products and services provided by reliable, credible & verified Asia, Hong Kong & China wholesale suppliers & China manufacturers.
		


















					Awards received:
				 
			









































 






         Font
 

Email this page




﻿ Newsletter
												




﻿ RSS Feeds
												



Mobile Device




﻿ Manage your HKTDC e-subscription
												




﻿ Suppliers
											














 Regional Websites:





























hktdc.com Home | About HKTDC
 | Contact HKTDC
 | 
										
									Advertise with HKTDC | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
 | 
Hyperlink Policy
 | 
Site Map
 | 
京ICP备09059244号





Browse by:  
		China Suppliers |  
		Hong Kong Suppliers |
		Asian Suppliers |
		Products








 


Copyright © 2000-2017
									  Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


 



 































































Teeth Whitening Strips, Gels, Toothpaste, Bleaching, and More


































Skip to main content








Teeth Whitening Home




Medical Reference


Features


Video


Slideshows & Images


Quizzes


Health Tools


More From WebMD


News Archive




Oral Care Home



News 


Reference


Slideshows


Quizzes


Videos 


Message Board





Oral Care Guide




Teeth and Gums


Other Oral Problems


Dental Care Basics


Treatments & Surgery


Resources & Tools




Related to Oral Care



Bad Breath


Basic Dental Care


Dry Mouth


Healthy Mouth Evaluator


Mouth Sores


Orthodontics


Signs of Gum Disease


Teeth Grinding


Temporomandibular Disorders (TMD) 


Tooth Decay


More Related Topics









Oral Care





Reference









Teeth Whitening





In this Article

In this Article


In this Article



Whitening Systems


How Long Do Whitening Effects Last?


At Home vs. Dentist Supervised


Should You Whiten Your Teeth?


Risks Associated With Whitening


Whitening Product Safety


Choosing an Over-the-Counter Whitening Kit







There are many teeth whitening systems and products including whitening toothpastes, over-the-counter gels, rinses, strips, trays, and whitening products obtained from a dentist.

Teeth whitening is ideal for people who have healthy, unrestored teeth (no fillings) and gums. Individuals with yellow tones to their teeth respond best. But this cosmetic procedure is not recommended for everyone.
Find out if teeth whitening is right for you.

Whitening Systems


Whitening Toothpastes

All toothpastes help remove surface stains, because they contain mild abrasives. Some whitening toothpastes contain gentle polishing or chemical agents that provide additional stain removal effectiveness. Whitening toothpastes can help remove surface stains only and do not contain bleach; over-the-counter and professional whitening products contain carbamide peroxide or hydrogen peroxide that helps lighten the color deep in the tooth. Whitening toothpastes can lighten the tooth's color by about one shade. In contrast, prescription strength whitening conducted in your dentist's office can make your teeth three to eight shades lighter.

Over-the-Counter Whitening Strips and Gels

Whitening gels are clear, peroxide-based gels applied with a small brush directly to the surface of your teeth. Instructions vary depending on the strength of the peroxide. Follow the directions on the product carefully. Initial results are seen in a few days and final results are sustained for about four months.
Whitening strips are very thin, virtually invisible strips that are coated with a peroxide-based whitening gel. The strips should be applied according to the instructions on the label. Initial results are seen in a few days and final results are sustained for about four months.

Whitening Rinses

Among the newest whitening products available are whitening rinses. Like most mouthwashes, they freshen breath and help reduce dental plaque and gum disease. But these products also include ingredients, such as hydrogen peroxide in some, which whiten teeth. Manufacturers say it may take 12 weeks to see results. You just swish them around in your mouth for 60 seconds twice a day before brushing your teeth. However, some experts say that rinses may not be as effective as other over-the-counter whitening products. Because a whitening rinse is only in contact with the teeth for such a short time -- just two minutes a day compared to 30 minutes for many strips -- it may have less of an effect.


Continued



Tray-Based Tooth Whiteners

Tray-based tooth whitening systems, purchased either over-the-counter or from a dentist, involve filling a mouth guard-like tray with a gel whitening solution -- which contains a peroxide-bleaching agent. The tray is worn for a period of time, generally from a couple of hours a day to every day during the night for up to four weeks and even longer (depending on the degree of discoloration and desired level of whitening).

In-Office Whitening

In-office bleaching provides the quickest way to whiten teeth. With in-office bleaching, the whitening product is applied directly to the teeth. These products can be used in combination with heat, a special light, or a laser. Results are seen in only one, 30- to 60-minute treatment. But to achieve dramatic results, several appointments are usually needed. However, with in-office bleaching, dramatic results can be seen after the first treatment. This type of whitening is also the most expensive approach.
 

How Long Do Whitening Effects Last?

Teeth whitening is not permanent. People who expose their teeth to foods and beverages that cause staining may see the whiteness start to fade in as little as one month. Those who avoid foods and beverages that stain may be able to wait one year or longer before another whitening treatment or touch-up is needed.
The degree of whiteness will vary from individual to individual depending on the condition of the teeth, the level of staining, and the type of bleaching system used.

At Home vs. Dentist Supervised

Do-it-yourself methods aren't the same as getting your teeth whitened by a professional. You'll want to consider a few important differences.

Strength of bleaching agent. Over-the-counter products and dentist-supervised at-home products usually contain a lower strength bleaching agent, with about a 10% to 22% carbamide peroxide content, which is equivalent to about 3% hydrogen peroxide. In-office, professionally applied tooth whitening products contain hydrogen peroxide in concentrations ranging from 15% to 43%.

Mouthpiece trays. With dentist-supervised at-home bleaching products, your dentist will take an impression of your teeth and make a mouthpiece tray that is customized to exactly fit your teeth. This customization allows for maximum contact between the whitening gel, which is applied to the mouthpiece tray, and the teeth. A custom-made tray also minimizes the gel's contact with gum tissue.


Continued


Over-the-counter whitening products also contain a mouthpiece tray, but the "one-size-fits-all" approach means that the fit will not be exact. Ill-fitting trays can irritate the gum and soft tissue by allowing more bleaching gel to seep onto these tissues. With in-office procedures, you'll get the bleaching agent applied directly to your teeth.

Additional protective measures. In the office setting, your dentist will apply either a gel to the gum tissue or use a rubber shield (which slides over the teeth) prior to treatment to protect your gums and oral cavities from the effects of the bleaching. Over-the-counter products don't provide these extra protective measures.

Costs. Over-the-counter bleaching systems are the least expensive option, with in-office whitening being the costliest.

Supervised vs. unsupervised process. First, your dentist can perform an oral exam and consider your complete medical history, which can be helpful in determining if bleaching is an appropriate course of treatment based on the type and extent of stains, and the number and location of restorations. Your dentist can then better match the type of stain with the best treatment, if appropriate, to lighten those stains.
When your dentist does it, he'll likely want to see you a couple of times to clear up any questions about the directions, to make sure the customized tray fits properly, to check your gums for signs of irritation, and to generally see how the process is working. With over-the-counter bleaching products, you're on your own.
 

Should You Whiten Your Teeth?

Whitening is not recommended or will be less successful in the following circumstances:

Age and pregnancy issues. Bleaching is not recommended in children under the age of 16. This is because the pulp chamber, or nerve of the tooth, is enlarged until this age. Teeth whitening under this condition could irritate the pulp or cause it to become sensitive. Teeth whitening is also not recommended in pregnant or lactating women.


Sensitive teeth and allergies. Individuals with sensitive teeth and gums, receding gums, and/or defective restorations should consult with their dentist prior to using a tooth-whitening system. Anyone allergic to peroxide (the whitening agent) should not use a bleaching product.


Continued




Gum disease, worn enamel, cavities, and exposed roots. Individuals with gum disease or teeth with worn enamel are generally discouraged from undergoing a tooth-whitening procedure. Cavities need to be treated before undergoing any whitening procedure. This is because the whitening solutions penetrate into any existing decay and the inner areas of the tooth, which can cause sensitivity. Also, whitening procedures will not work on exposed tooth roots, because roots do not have an enamel layer.

Fillings, crowns, and other restorations. Tooth-colored fillings and resin composite materials used in dental restorations (crowns, veneers, bonding, bridges) do not whiten. Therefore, using a whitening agent on teeth that contain restorations will result in uneven whitening -- in this case, making the teeth without restorations appear lighter than those with restorations. Any whitening procedure should be done prior to the placement of restorations.
People with numerous restorations that would result in uneven whitening may be better off considering bonding, veneers, or crowns rather than a tooth whitening system. Ask your dentist what strategy is best for you.

Unrealistic expectations. Individuals who expect their teeth to be a new "blinding white" may be disappointed with their results. Smokers need to be aware that their results will be limited unless they refrain from continued smoking, particularly during the bleaching process. A healthy guide to is to achieve a shade slightly whiter than the whites of your eyes.

Darkly stained teeth. Yellowish teeth respond well to bleaching, brownish-colored teeth respond less well and grayish-hue or purple-stained teeth may not respond to bleaching at all. Blue-gray staining caused by the antibiotic tetracycline is more difficult to lighten and may require up to six months of home treatments or several in-office appointments to successfully lighten.
Teeth that have dark stains may be better candidates for another lightening option, such as veneers, bonding, or crowns. Your dentist can discuss the options best suited for you.

Risks Associated With Whitening

The two side effects that occur most often with teeth whitening are a temporary increase in tooth sensitivity and mild irritation of the soft tissues of the mouth, particularly the gums. Tooth sensitivity often occurs during early stages of the bleaching treatment. Tissue irritation most commonly results from an ill-fitting mouthpiece tray rather than the tooth-bleaching agent. Both of these conditions usually are temporary and disappear within 1 to 3 days of stopping or completing treatment.
If you do experience sensitivity, you can reduce or eliminate it by:

Wearing the tray for a shorter period of time (for example, two 30-minute sessions vs. two 60-minute sessions).
Stop whitening your teeth for 2 to 3 days to allow teeth to adjust to the process.
Ask your dentist or pharmacist for a high fluoride-containing product, which can help remineralize your teeth. Apply the fluoride product to the tray and wear for 4 minutes prior to and following the whitening agent.
Brush teeth with a toothpaste made for sensitive teeth. These toothpastes contain potassium nitrate, which helps soothe the teeth's nerve endings.



Continued

Whitening Product Safety

Some whitening products you get through dentists' offices as well as professionally applied (in-office) bleaching products have the American Dental Association (ADA) Seal of Acceptance, which tells you that the product meets ADA guidelines for safety and effectiveness. Currently, only dentist-dispensed home-use products containing 10% carbamide peroxide and office-applied products containing 35% hydrogen peroxide have this seal.
Over-the-counter bleaching products are not endorsed by the ADA, because the organization believes that professional consultation is important to ensuring safe and effective use. No whitening products using lasers are on the ADA's list of accepted products.
Several whitening toothpastes available in drugstores have received the seal, too. You can find a list at www.ada.org.
Not all manufacturers seek the ADA's Seal of Acceptance. This is a voluntary program that requires considerable expense and time on the part of a manufacturer. Just because a product doesn't have the seal does not necessarily mean that the product isn't safe and effective.
Teeth whiteners are not drugs and therefore aren't regulated by the FDA.

Choosing an Over-the-Counter Whitening Kit

Try to select a product that allows the mouthpiece to be customized. Some kits come with a tray that can be molded to some degree. These are better than others that come with a standard mouthpiece.
Look for online reviews and ask around to find out what others who may have already tried the kit you're considering think about it.
If at any time you experience a prolonged change in the color of your gums or an increased tooth sensitivity to hot or cold foods and beverages, stop wearing the mouthpiece and see your dentist immediately.





Pagination




Top Picks



Should I Try Oil Pulling?


Do Your Kids Have Good Dental Habits?


Getting the Most Out of Your Dental Visit


What's Causing Your Jaw Pain?


15 Tooth Problems: Cavities, Stained Teeth, Hyperdontia and More


Do You Need a Root Canal?







further reading



Slideshow: 10 Secrets to Whiter Teeth


Slideshow: Natural Ways to Whiten Your Teeth


At-Home Teeth Whitening Treatments


Addictive Pursuit of Pearly Whites?


Make Over Your Mouth


Choose the Best Tooth Whitener


Common Questions About Teeth Whitening


Teeth Whitening Topics










Today on WebMD





Tongue Problems
Sores, discoloration, bumps and more.










Get Whiter Teeth
10 secrets to a brighter smile.





Cosmetic Dentistry
Before and after.





Diabetes and Your Mouth
Why dental care is important.









Recommended for You





Slideshow
What's Causing Your Dry Mouth?





Quiz
Jaw Pain: Check Your TMD Knowledge





Slideshow
Causes of Enamel Damage





Video
Toddler Tooth-Brushing Tips





Slideshow
Foods That Stain Your Teeth





Article
5 Bad Habits That Cause Plaque





Tool
How Healthy Is Your Mouth?





Video
How to Whiten Your Teeth









Tools & Resources9 Tips for Fresh BreathNatural Remedies for Dry Mouth17 Common Mouth ProblemsHabits That Wreck Your TeethSecrets to Whiter TeethYour Mouth and Your Health








Health Solutions


Knee Pain Management


Bent Fingers?


Cancer Treatments


Online Hearing Test


Seeking Cancer Care?


Painful Knees?


Cancer Support


Treat Pet Anxiety


Exercise & OA Knee Pain


Care for Valve Disease?


Pet Food Facts


Hearing Loss Help


Ringing in the Ears


Find Infant Formula


Aortic Valve Stenosis



More from WebMD


The Stress of Caregiving


Healthy Cat Tips


Immunotherapy for Cancer


What Is CIDP?


Multiple Myeloma


8 Ways to Avoid Heart Attack


Treatments for Cancer


Living Better With Migraine


Foods That Cause Acid Reflux


Tips for Your Dog's Health


Diabetes Assessment


Avoid Allergy Triggers


Treating Advanced Prostate Cancer


5 Things That Spike Your Blood Sugar






   Cancer Treatment & Nutrition 11 Tips to Control Diabetes











Home - Hawthorne, NJ Dentist - Margaret E. Somers, DMD


























































Go to Top


























  

                        Call Us (973) 427-2121(973) 427-2121






Margaret E. Somers, DMD







 





The Tooth Fairy NJ 
		

We would love the opportunity to make your family a part of our family, become a patient for life. 
		

Make an Appointment


Margaret E. Somers, DMD 
		







The Tooth Fairy NJ 
		

We would love the opportunity to make your family a part of our family, become a patient for life. 
		

Make an Appointment


Margaret E. Somers, DMD 
		


 








Home







Get in Touch! Contact us today to learn more about our office, or to schedule an appointment! Call now




							Dental Implants						
Whether you are missing one tooth or multiple teeth, we can use dental implants to replace those missing teeth while at the same time saving tooth structure. Dr. Somers works with top local specialists who place the implant, and she will restore the implant with a beautiful implant crown.
Learn More





							Dental Crowns						
Whether it’s for a tooth that’s broken, or has an old filling that needs to be replaced, we fabricate crowns that are functional and look like natural teeth.
Learn More





							Dentistry for Kids						
Dr Somers understands that children are not small adults, and we welcome children into our practice.  We strive to make sure that children have wonderful early dental experiences in order to help build a foundation for a lifetime of healthy teeth and guns.
Learn More





 







                    
                                        
                        © 2017 Margaret E. Somers, DMD


                   
				    					
					Powered by UnitedThemes





























TeethMargaret Cho | Margaret Cho
































































 





 






 






 


Margaret Cho
Margaret Cho Official Site











Teeth

5.15.20122.29.2012 


Listen, I am so scared of the dentist. I really am. I take insanely good care of my teeth, and they may not be the whitest, but they chew ok and don’t hurt ever and serve me well. The only time my teeth bother me is in my dreams, when they fall out and fill my mouth with blood at inopportune moments, like during the SAT. For some reason I am forever taking the SAT in my dreams, which is weird because I don’t even remember taking it in real life, but my dreamscape is littered with number 2 pencils and tiny bubbles left unfilled.
I know that I need to go to the dentist soon, but my feet drag behind me, and there’s a herculean effort in lifting my finger to dial those numbers on my iphone. You and what army are going to make me go get my teeth cleaned? It’s not about pain. I am heavily tattooed and I can take hundreds upon hundreds of hours of impromptu and anesthesia free sessions without complaint. It can be nervous business, getting a tattoo, but I never flinch or falter or become pale with the pinpricks. I go with the pinches and the burn because I love the results.
With teeth, since I haven’t had any problems, the rewards are not as visible or satisfying. As a child I had countless hours of oral surgery, that left my psyche and mouth full of holes, stitched up crudely with thick black thread that tasted of blood and bone. My teeth had not lined up side by side as I grew, rather they placed themselves haphazardly along my gumline like headstones in an outlaw graveyard during the 1800s. there was a civil war quality to my mouth, and all my parents money went into the correction of this. Orthodontists and dentists were my babysitters, and I spent most of the hours between 4-6pm reclined in a chair with a light shining into my eyes and a tray and towel pinned to my neck.
About half my teeth were removed, as they came in huge and white and mighty to replace the feeble baby ones that were once there. There was no reasonable way my mouth could accommodate them all, so they got yanked. Being as big and deeply buried in my jaw as they were, it was no small feat to unearth them, and my flesh was cut away to expose the roots and kill the healthy tooth at the base of where they lay.
I spit out huge bloody clots of spongy gum tissue and this sped my healing as they didn’t rot with decay. The remaining teeth stood valiant and shiny and strong as the wire braces bound them into a kind of order that they still march in today. The lines of my orthodontists plan have faltered slightly, as the genetic pattern of teeth, your original tooth destiny has strength beyond what headgear and wires are capable of controlling, but even after 30 years they seem ok, and I don’t think I need to go back for anything.






			7 Comments. Add To The Mix… 





 Do you know if the dance man is still alive or not?
an old website by fuckedcompany.com said he died.
I say BS on that.  He was that early sensation dude who danced all over California.

Reply 





 I have been told dreaming of “losing teeth” is symbolic to the idea “getting OUT  of here.” Trying to get Out of someplace.   SAT? hmmm… testing yourself?

Reply 





 I’m 28 and undergoing orthodontia (followed by jaw surgery) to fix my jacked-up teeth. I’ve had teeth pulled and spent hours in the orthodontist chair, like you.
Going to the dentist is really important, though, even if there’s nothing wrong with your teeth right now. There’s a link between gingivitis and heart disease, so regular cleanings (along with taking care of your teeth) is just good practice. I don’t much like the dentist either, so I totally understand where you’re coming from, though.

Reply 





 Talk about dentist. Unfortunately my parents never took me to the dentist as a child and I have not the money to get my teeth fixed. I would guesstimate I need about 20,000 dollars done to them as I have a few missing teeth, need of root canals, a few implants, rooting and scaling because of my periodontal disease and such. It sucks to have bad teeth, but it can also be hereditary too. I suffer from panic attacks so I could only imagine getting done what I need done. It’s not something that I am proud of and I am only 33, too young to be having such issues. So hey, on a lighter note, at least some of your situations as far as “teeth” go aren’t as bad. Have a wonderful day =)

Reply 





 Just wanted to note dreaming of losing teeth is quite common. The reason is because it relates directly to tooth grinding while you sleep. That’s why it feels so visceral and real… you actually are grinding your teeth, and your dreaming brain interprets that as falling out or whatever. The tooth grinding is normal and nothing to be concerned about unless your dentist has noticed it and let you know.
That’s why this is such a prevalent dream. I dream about it all the time and don’t have any fears or qualms about going to the dentist- in fact I enjoy it! 🙂

Reply 





 I had really bad memories of going to the dentist as a kid.  The worst part wasn’t the pain (although there was plenty of that).  The worst part is that I felt judged by the dentist who was critical of my brushing.  I was always a pretty diligent kid tho so I imagine a lot of the work I had to get done was related to genetics.  Being older (I am 32 now), I still dread the dentist for the same reason – I hate being told that I’m not doing as good a job.  I try to tell myself – screw them – they are my teeth anyway.  I’m paying you asshole, just fix my teeth and move on.  I don’t need a lecture.  Unfortunately when I get in the chair though I always forget that and become this 7-year-old ashamed for not doing better.   I’m off to the dentist tomorrow to start a series of appointments to get my teeth back in shape.   Maybe this will be the time I stop worrying what other people think about me.

Reply 





 Teeth. My least favorite subject. My teeth are mostly gone. I treated my teeth very badly. I would eat six or seven candy bars at a time as a kid. I drank Cokes all the time. I have endured many many hours in the dentist’s chair. I put off going to the dentist until I am in such pain that I absolutely cannot stand it. I am stupid. But I am not alone. I am still not kind to my remaining teeth. I have no excuses. Reading about your dental horror stories inspires me to never read such things again. The last thing I want to do is think about my teeth, until I absolutely have to!! How stupid is that!

Reply 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply













Pay What You Want

 
 

See Tour Dates


Margaret TweetsMy Tweets* News *New Tour! FRESH OFF THE BLOAT7.17.2017  Y’all, it’s been a while but I am back and better than ever with the news that you need: I’M HEADING OUT ON TOUR AGAIN! You didn’t think I …Read All The News
Podcast

 
RSS FEEDS  News RSS Feed
 Blog RSS Feed
 Press RSS Feed
 Tour Dates RSS Feed
 

 Instagram
 




































Tooth Sensitivity: Causes, Remedies & Treatment

























































































News
Tech
Health
Planet Earth
Strange News
Animals
History
Culture
Space.com




















Live Science
































Live Science
















 





















Live ScienceHealth
Reference:
Tooth Sensitivity: Causes, Remedies & Treatment

                    By Jessie Szalay, Live Science Contributor |

                     September 4, 2014 03:43pm ET

















 







MORE










Credit: Jan Mika | Shutterstock 




	Tooth sensitivity is a common dental problem that involves discomfort or pain in teeth when encountering certain substances and temperatures. At least 40 million adults suffer from sensitive teeth in the United States, according to the Academy of General Dentistry. 

	The pain is often sharp and sudden, but it is temporary. According to the Cleveland Clinic, the pain may shoot into the tooth's nerve endings. Fortunately, sensitive teeth can be treated and the condition can improve. 

Causes of tooth sensitivity

	There are no at-risk groups for tooth sensitivity. It can happen to anyone, according to Dr. Margaret Culotta-Norton, a dentist in Washington, D.C., and former president of the D.C. Dental Society.

	“The most common symptom sensitive teeth experience is a sudden, sharp flash of pain when teeth are exposed to air, cold, sweet, acidic or hot foods,” she told Live Science. Some people may experience tooth sensitivity from brushing or flossing their teeth.

	In healthy teeth, enamel protects the underlying layer of dentin, which is softer than enamel. The tooth roots are protected by gums. But if the enamel is worn down or if the gum line has receded, then the dentin becomes exposed. "Cavities, cracked teeth, gum recession, enamel and root erosion all cause dentin to be exposed,” Culotta-Norton said. “Dentin is connected to the nerve that triggers pain in sensitive teeth."

	Dentin contains thousands of microscopic tubules, or channels, leading to the tooth's pulp, according to the Academy of General Dentistry. When exposed to the elements, these dentinal tubules allow heat, cold, acidic or even sticky substances to reach the nerves inside the tooth, causing pain.

	According to the Cleveland Clinic, some factors that contribute to sensitive teeth may include:


		Brushing too hard or using a hard-bristled toothbrush. This can wear down enamel, causing dentin to become exposed, or encourage gum recession.

		Gum recession. This often happens in people suffering from periodontal disease, and it exposes the dentin.

Gingivitis. Inflamed and sore gum tissue can result in exposure of the tooth’s root.

		Cracked teeth. These can become filled with bacteria from plaque and cause inflammation in the pulp of the tooth. In more severe cases, it may lead to abscess and infection.

		Teeth grinding or clenching. This can wear down enamel.

		Tooth-whitening products. These contain harsh chemicals to remove stains, but can also remove the enamel.

		Plaque buildup.

		Long-term use of mouthwash. Some over-the-counter mouthwashes contain acids. If dentin is exposed dentin, the acids can make existing tooth sensitivity worse and also further damage the dentin layer. There are neutral fluoride mouthwashes available that might be a better option.

		Acidic foods. These can encourage enamel reduction.

		Dental procedures. Teeth may be sensitive after professional cleaning, root planing, crown replacement and other tooth restoration procedures. Usually the pain will disappear in four to six weeks.


Tooth sensitivity after filling

	Some people may experience tooth sensitivity after having a cavity filled or a filling replaced, according to the Columbia University College of Dental Medicine. The tooth decay that causes cavities irritates the tooth, and the filling procedure, while necessary, can lead to further sensitivity. Fortunately, tooth sensitivity after a filling should improve on its own within a few weeks. It may last longer, as much as a few months, but as long as the tooth sensitivity shows gradual improvement, there should be nothing to worry about. Persistent tooth sensitivity, however, may indicate that a root canal is needed.

	Sometimes after a filling, teeth become sensitive when biting down. This can be fixed with a simple bite adjustment. Additionally, the filling may be too high, according to Columbia University. In this case, the dentist could lower the filling.

	Composite fillings may cause tooth sensitivity when chewing. There is no pain when the teeth are clenched together, however. This tooth sensitivity is usually fixed by adjusting the bite or replacing the filling with another composite, according to Bear Peak Dental, a private practice in Boulder, Colorado.

Sensitive teeth treatment

	"Sensitive teeth never completely disappear," Culotta-Norton said. “Symptoms may be less or even seem to go away for a while but unless the reasons why a person's teeth become sensitive are completely eliminated the sensitivity will come and go."

	There are several types of treatment available, and each dentist has his or her favorites that they are most likely to recommend, according to Culotta-Norton. She stressed that there is no single treatment option that works for everyone. "Proper diagnosis of the reason for the sensitivity is essential in treating sensitivity.  If the reason for the sensitivity is addressed, the treatment chosen will be more successful in decreasing pain.  If the dentist just treats sensitivity without addressing the reason for it the problem will continue and get worse," she said. 

	The following are some at-home treatments suggested by the Cleveland Clinic:


		Desensitizing toothpaste. There are several brands of toothpaste for sensitive teeth available. Your dentist may recommend one or you may have to try different brands until you find the product that works for you. Be sure to use fluoridated toothpaste for sensitive teeth, not tartar-control toothpaste. Try spreading a thin layer of the desensitizing toothpaste on the exposed tooth roots before bed.

		Use a soft-bristled toothbrush.

		Avoid highly acidic foods.

		Use a fluoridated mouthwash daily.

		Avoid teeth grinding. Consider getting a mouth guard.


	The following are some dental procedures that may reduce tooth sensitivity, according to the American Dental Association:


		Bonding, crowns or inlays. These may fix a tooth flaw or decay that is causing sensitivity.

		Fluoride gel or varnish.

		Surgical gum graft. This will protect the root and reduce sensitivity if the gum tissue has eroded from the root.

		Root canal. This is a last-resort treatment for severe tooth sensitivity that has not been helped by other methods.


	The Cleveland Clinic also suggests getting dental sealants applied to the exposed root surface. 

This article is for informational purposes only, and is not meant to offer medical advice. 

Additional resources


Mayo Clinic: What causes sensitive teeth?

American Dental Association: Sensitive Teeth Quiz

Columbia University College of Dental Medicine: Sensitive Teeth




Editor's Recommendations




Impacted Wisdom Teeth: Oral Surgery and Extraction






Dental Health & Kids: A Guide for Every Age






Gingivitis & Periodontitis: Symptoms & Treatment of Gum Disease




 








Author Bio 



Live Science Staff, 


	For the science geek in everyone, Live Science offers a fascinating window into the natural and technological world, delivering comprehensive and compelling news and analysis on everything from dinosaur discoveries, archaeological finds and amazing animals to health, innovation and wearable technology. We aim to empower and inspire our readers with the tools needed to understand the world and appreciate its everyday awe.


Live Science Staff, 
                                                    on
                            
                                                            





 







Latest on Tooth Sensitivity: Causes, Remedies & Treatment



















 
	Tooth Whitening Products: ADA Statement on Safety and Effectiveness

































Skip to main content




ADVERTISEMENT













Toggle Menu of ADA WebSites




ADA Websites





                                                    ADA.org
                                                
Access news, member benefits and ADA policy



                                                    ADA Annual Meeting
                                                
Attend ADA's premier event



                                                    ADA Business Resources
                                                
Take advantage of endorsed, discounted business products



                                                    ADA CE Online
                                                
Access cutting-edge continuing education courses







                                                    ADA Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry
                                                
Find evidence to support your clinical decisions



                                                    ADA Center for Professional Success
                                                
Access member-only practice content







                                                    ADA Foundation
                                                
Make a difference with dentistry's premier charitable organization



                                                    ADA Store
                                                
Purchase ADA products



                                                    MouthHealthy
                                                
Access oral-health information for the public and ADA Find-A-Dentist






Partnerships and Commissions





                                                    Commission for Continuing Education Provider Recognition
                                                
Learn about ADA CERP recognition, look up CERP recognized CE providers and find CE courses. 



                                                    Commission on Dental Accreditation
                                                
Explore CODA's role and find accredited schools and programs







                                                    Joint Commission on National Dental Examinations
                                                
Learn about the examinations used in licensing dentists and dental hygienists



                                                    Partnership for Healthy Mouths, Healthy Lives
                                                
View the campaign and resources for children's oral health



                                                    2min2x.org
                                                
Visit the Ad Council's children's oral health website











A base font size
A medium font size
A larger font size

Toggle Search Area
















Join us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on YouTube
Join us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram














Toggle Member Links






About the ADA


Contact Us


Join/Renew






Login







Toggle Menu












Home


About the ADA


ADA Positions, Policies, and Statements


            Statement on the Safety and Effectiveness of Tooth Whitening Products
        




e-mail
Print
Share















    Statement on the Safety and Effectiveness of Tooth Whitening Products

For the last two decades, the ADA Council on Scientific Affairs has monitored the development and the increasing numbers of tooth whitening products. As the market for these products grew, the Association recognized a need for uniform definitions when discussing whiteners. 
For example, "whitening" is any process that will make teeth appear whiter. This can be achieved in two ways. A product can bleach the tooth, which means that it actually changes the natural tooth color. Bleaching products contain peroxide(s) that help remove deep (intrinsic) and surface (extrinsic) stains. By contrast, non-bleaching whitening products contain agents that work by physical or chemical action to help remove surface stains only. 
Whitening products may be administered by dentists in the dental office, dispensed by dentists for home-use, or purchased over-the-counter (OTC), and can be categorized into two major groups: 

Peroxide-containing bleaching agents; and 
Whitening toothpastes (dentifrices) 

Peroxide-containing bleaching agents
Carbamide peroxide, used in many bleaching products, breaks down into hydrogen peroxide and urea, with hydrogen peroxide being the active bleaching agent. A bleaching product containing 10 percent carbamide peroxide yields approximately 3.5 percent hydrogen peroxide. The most commonly observed side effects with these peroxide-based bleaching agents are tooth sensitivity and occasional irritation of soft tissues in the mouth (oral mucosa), particularly the gums. Tooth sensitivity often occurs during early stages of bleaching treatment. Tissue irritation may result from an ill-fitting tray used to contain bleaching product. Both tooth sensitivity and tissue irritation are usually temporary and stop after the treatment. On rare occasions, irreversible tooth damage has been reported. Patients should be cautioned that not enough information is available to support unsupervised long-term and/or repeated use of bleaching products.
Dentist-dispensed and OTC home-use products
Dentist-dispensed and OTC home-use tooth whitening bleaches are eligible for the ADA Seal of Acceptance. The products in this category that currently bear the ADA Seal contain 10 percent carbamide peroxide; however, participation in the program is not limited to products of this concentration or type of bleach. There are many whitening product options currently available to consumers both from the dentist as well as from retail outlets, including gels placed in trays that cover the teeth, paint-on materials, bleaching strips and others. The level and type of active ingredients, the form of the product and how they are applied may vary widely. 
In a water-based solution, carbamide peroxide breaks down into hydrogen peroxide and urea, with hydrogen peroxide being the active bleaching agent. Other ingredients of peroxide-containing tooth whiteners may include glycerin, carbopol, sodium hydroxide and flavoring agents. 
Professionally applied bleaching products
There are many professionally applied tooth bleaching products used by dentists in office. These products use hydrogen peroxide in concentrations ranging from 25 percent to 40 percent and are sometimes used together with a light or laser, which the companies state accelerate or activate the whitening process. However, most studies have reported no additional long-term benefit with light-activated systems. Prior to application of professional products, gum tissues are protected either by isolation with a rubber dam or application of a gel. Whereas home-use products are intended for use over a two-to-four week period, the in-office professional procedure is usually completed in about one hour. Due to the discontinuation of the professional component of the Seal Program on December 31, 2007, professionally applied bleaching products are no longer eligible for the ADA Seal of Acceptance.
Whitening toothpastes
Whitening toothpastes (dentifrices) in the ADA Seal of Acceptance program contain polishing or chemical agents that are designed to improve tooth appearance by removing surface stains. They do this through gentle polishing, chemical chelation, or some other non-bleaching actions. Several whitening toothpastes that are available OTC have received the ADA Seal of Acceptance. 
Summary
The ADA recommends that if you choose to use a bleaching product, you should only do so after consultation with a dentist. This is especially important for patients with many fillings, crowns, and extremely dark stains. A thorough oral examination, performed by a licensed dentist, is essential to determine if bleaching is an appropriate course of treatment. The dentist and patient together can determine the most appropriate treatment. The dentist may then advise the patient and supervise the use of bleaching agents within the context of a comprehensive, appropriately sequenced treatment plan.
Adopted by the Council on Scientific Affairs (April 2012).
Additional Resource
Tooth Whitening/Bleaching: Treatment Considerations for Dentists and their Patients (PDF / 136 KB)


                 







ADVERTISEMENT














                        ADA Positions, Policies and Statements
                    



                Research Agenda
            



                ADA Principles of Ethics and Code of Professional Conduct
            



                ADA Ethics Resources
            



                Press Room
            





ADVERTISEMENT





















  





 
	ADA Positions, Policies, and Statements

































Skip to main content




ADVERTISEMENT













Toggle Menu of ADA WebSites




ADA Websites





                                                    ADA.org
                                                
Access news, member benefits and ADA policy



                                                    ADA Annual Meeting
                                                
Attend ADA's premier event



                                                    ADA Business Resources
                                                
Take advantage of endorsed, discounted business products



                                                    ADA CE Online
                                                
Access cutting-edge continuing education courses







                                                    ADA Center for Evidence-Based Dentistry
                                                
Find evidence to support your clinical decisions



                                                    ADA Center for Professional Success
                                                
Access member-only practice content







                                                    ADA Foundation
                                                
Make a difference with dentistry's premier charitable organization



                                                    ADA Store
                                                
Purchase ADA products



                                                    MouthHealthy
                                                
Access oral-health information for the public and ADA Find-A-Dentist






Partnerships and Commissions





                                                    Commission for Continuing Education Provider Recognition
                                                
Learn about ADA CERP recognition, look up CERP recognized CE providers and find CE courses. 



                                                    Commission on Dental Accreditation
                                                
Explore CODA's role and find accredited schools and programs







                                                    Joint Commission on National Dental Examinations
                                                
Learn about the examinations used in licensing dentists and dental hygienists



                                                    Partnership for Healthy Mouths, Healthy Lives
                                                
View the campaign and resources for children's oral health



                                                    2min2x.org
                                                
Visit the Ad Council's children's oral health website











A base font size
A medium font size
A larger font size

Toggle Search Area
















Join us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on YouTube
Join us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram














Toggle Member Links






About the ADA


Contact Us


Join/Renew






Login







Toggle Menu











Home


About the ADA


            ADA Positions, Policies, and Statements
        




e-mail
Print
Share













    ADA Positions, Policies and Statements

Topics





Amalgam 
Anesthesia and Sedation
Antibiotic Prophylaxis (Infective Endocarditis)
Cancers of the Oral Cavity and Oropharynx 
Dental Benefits and Claims 
Dentistry
Ethics
Evidence-Based Dentistry
Fluoride and Sealants 
Infection Control 


 
 
 


Lasers 
Miscellaneous
Oral Fluid Diagnostics
Pain Management
Piercing and Tongue Splitting  
Prevention and Education 
Radiography/X-Rays
Substance Use Disorders
Tooth Whitening
 Unconventional Dentistry 







Amalgam 

ADA Press Statement on Dental Fillings
ADA Guidelines on Amalgam Accumulations in Dental Office Plumbing (PDF) 
ADA Statement on Dental Amalgam
Best Management Practices for Amalgam Waste 
National Pretreatment Standard for Dental Office Wastewater (October 2010)

Anesthesia and Sedation

ADA Policy Statement: The Use of Sedation and General Anesthesia by Dentists (PDF) 
Guidelines for Teaching Pain Control and Sedation to Dentists and Dental Students (PDF)
Guidelines for the Use of Sedation and General Anesthesia by Dentists (PDF) 
See also Pain Management, Substance Use Disorders

Antibiotic Prophylaxis (Infective Endocarditis)

Oral Health Topic: Antibiotic Prophylaxis

Cancers of the Oral Cavity and Oropharynx

Oral Health Topic: Oral and Oropharyngeal Cancer

Dental Benefits and Claims 

ADA’s Position on Content of
    Explanation of Benefits (EOB) Statements (login Required)
Definitions of Fraudulent and Abusive Practices in Dental Benefit Plans and Claims (login Required)

Dentistry

Dentistry—The Model Profession

Ethics 

Statement on Employee Dentist (PDF) 
Statement of the ADA Council on Ethics, Bylaws and Judicial Affairs on Dental Tourism - Ethical
    Obligations of Dentists (PDF)  
ADA Statement on Dental Patient Rights and Responsibilities (PDF)  
Ethical Considerations When Using Patients in the Clinical Examination Process (PDF) 
ADA Principles of Ethics and Code of Professional Conduct 
Gift Giving to Dentists (PDF)

Evidence-Based Dentistry

ADA Policy on Evidence-Based Dentistry

Fluoride and Sealants 

ADA Fluoridation Policy and Statements
ADA Press Statement on Water Fluoridation
Bottled Water, Home Water Treatment Systems, and Fluoride Exposure 
Bisphenol A and Dental Materials

Infection Control

Oral Health Topic: Infection Control
Oral Health Topic: Dental Unit Waterlines 
ADA Statement on the Treatment of Patients with Infectious Diseases of Uncertain Transmission
Post-Exposure Evaluation and Follow-Up
    Requirements Under OSHA's Standard for Occupational Exposure to Bloodborne Pathogens: A Guide to Dental Employer Obligations (login required)

Lasers 

ADA Statement on Lasers in Dentistry

Miscellaneous

Oral Health Topic: Mouthguards 
ADA Statement on Toothbrush Care: Cleaning, Storage and Replacement 
ADA Statement on Early Childhood Caries
Dental Mercury Hygiene Recommendations (From JADA)
Classification System for Alloys for Fixed Prosthodontics 
Guidelines for Licensure
Dental Product Standards

Oral Fluid Diagnostics 

Oral Health Topic: Salivary Diagnostics

Pain Management

Statement on the Use of Opioids in the Treatment of Dental Pain (October 2016)
See also Anesthesia and Sedation, Substance Use Disorders 

Piercing and Tongue Splitting

ADA Statement on Intraoral/Perioral Piercing and Tongue Splitting

Prevention and Education

Policies and Recommendations on Diet and Nutrition (October 2016)
Policies and Recommendations on Tobacco Use (October 2016)
See also Fluoride and Sealants

Radiography/X-Rays

Dental Radiographic Examinations: Recommendations For Patient Selection and Limiting Radiation
    Exposure (PDF) 
Managing Silver and Lead Waste in a Dental Office (PDF)

Substance Use Disorders

Statement on the Use of Opioids in the Treatment of Dental Pain (October 2016)
Statement on Alcoholism and Other Substance Use Disorders 
Statement on Alcohol and Other Substance Use by Pregnant and Postpartum Patients 
Statement on Provision of Dental Treatment for Patients with Substance Use Disorders 
Guidelines Related to Alcohol, Nicotine, and/or Drug Use by Child or Adolescent Patients 
Insurance Coverage for Chemical Dependency Treatment
See also Anesthesia and Sedation, Pain Management

Tooth Whitening

ADA Statement on the Safety and Effectiveness of Tooth Whitening Products 
Tooth Whitening/Bleaching: Treatment Considerations for Dentists and Their Patients (PDF) 

Unconventional Dentistry

ADA Policy on Unconventional Dentistry











                        ADA Positions, Policies and Statements
                    



                Research Agenda
            



                ADA Principles of Ethics and Code of Professional Conduct
            



                ADA Ethics Resources
            



                Press Room
            





ADVERTISEMENT









Current ADA News
>







                Read Here
            



















  







Tooth Care Product, Tooth Care Product Suppliers and Manufacturers | HKTDC 
























































 


Admin Page |

About HKTDC
 |
Media Room

| Contact HKTDC
|

Register Now
|


					Wish List
				 (0)
|
My HKTDC
|

Login


Logout



































All

|

Products/Services

|

Company Name

|

Research

|

Events

|

News

|

Multimedia







 

All Categories
Auto Parts & Accessories
Baby Products
Book & Printed Item
Building Materials & Hardware
Computer & Peripherals
Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Environmental Protection Equipment & Product
Eyewear & Accessories
Food & Beverage
Footwear
Furniture & Furnishing
Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories
Gift & Premiums
Handbag & Travel Goods
Health & Beauty
Household Products
Jewellery
Lighting Product
Medical Supply and Medicine
Packaging Product & Material
Pet & Pet Supply
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Raw Material & Chemical
Service
Specialised Product
Sports Goods
Stationery & Office Equipment
Telecom Products
Toy & Game
Watch & Clock























			Top Search: 
		



 







 
















Quality Suppliers by Industry




 Product Suppliers

Auto Parts & Accessories
Book & Printed Item
Computer & Peripherals
Environmental Protection Equipment 
Food & Beverage
Furniture & Furnishing
Gift & Premiums
Health & Beauty
Jewellery
Medical Supply & Medicine
Pet & Pet Supply
Raw Material & Chemical
Specialised Product
Stationery & Office Equipment
Toy & Game
Small-Order Zone



 

Baby Product
Building Material, Hardware & Machinery
Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Eyewear & Accessories
Footwear
Garment, Textile & Clothing Accessories
Handbag & Travel Goods
Household Product
Lighting Product
Packaging Product & Material
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Sports Goods
Telecommunication
Watch & Clock
More...



Service Suppliers

Accounting Service
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service
Business Management & Consultancy Service
Design Services & Brand Strategy
Education & Training
Entertainment
Environmental Protection Solution & Service
Event Organisation
Finance Service
Franchising & Licensing
Information Technology
Infrastructure & Real Estate
Legal Service
Logistics & Transport



 

Medical & Healthcare
Packaging
Printing
Publishing
Quality Inspection & Testing
Storage Service
Technology
Telecommunication
Tourism
More...








							HKTDC Events





Asian Financial Forum
Book Fair
Business of IP Asia Forum
Diamond, Gem & Pearl Show
Education & Careers Expo
Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition)
Entrepreneur Day
Fashion Week (Fall/Winter)
Film & TV Market (FILMART)
Gifts & Premium Fair
Home Textiles & Furnishings Fair
ICT Expo
Jewellery Show
Lighting Fair (Autumn Edition)
Medical Devices & Supplies Fair
Printing & Packaging Fair
SmartBiz Expo
Tea Fair 
Watch & Clock Fair




Baby Products Fair
Building and Decoration Materials & Hardware Fair
Chinese Medicine & Health Products Exhibition
Eco Expo Asia
ElectronicAsia
Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
Fashion Week (Spring/Summer)
Food Expo
Franchising Show
Home Delights Expo
Houseware Fair
Inno Design Tech Expo
Licensing Show
Lighting Fair (Spring Edition)
Optical Fair
Stationery Fair
Toys & Games Fair
World Boutique
Wine & Spirits Fair








						HKTDC Research





							Service Highlight





About HKTDC
Product Magazines
SME Startup Program
Buyer Meetings
Customized Business Matching
Mobile Applications
Design Gallery
Supplier Services
Buyer Services
SME Centre












































Home

>

Online Marketplace

>


Tooth-Care-Product


 139 Products/Services (71 Companies)



 




Tooth Care Product
					-
		 		
	  		
	  										
			 	
			 	
		   			Source Quality Tooth Care Product Products / Services including Tooth Care Product top items in large orders from the best global Tooth Care Product Wholesaler and Local Exporters. Make your free Tooth Care Product enquiry.
				
		 		
	 	


























 Shop for 
SMALLORDERS





Tooth Care Product products for sale in small quantity, buy now at hktdc.com SMALLORDERS





































Verified Suppliers


















									(19)
								














												(51)
											













(14)















									(46)
								









									US Market Information
								



									(17)
								









									Hong Kong Export Data
								



									(2)
								









									China Export Data
								



									(18)
								




See All Supplier Types





				
					
					
						Region
					
				
			















Hong Kong


(75)







China


(49)







Korea, Republic Of


(7)






See All Regions




				
					
					
						Business Type
					
				
			















Manufacturer


(104)







Exporter


(90)







Wholesaler


(12)






See All Business Types




				
					
					
						Brand
					
				
			















YASI


(11)







milliontech


(6)







Unite Safety


(5)






See All Brands







Related Tooth Care Product Suppliers

Hong Kong Tooth Care Product Suppliers



China Tooth Care Product Suppliers











Advertisement




















			 
			
















			 
			












Trade Event










HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
13-16 Apr 2017
More






Product Magazine










HKTDC Enterprise
Source for hot products between fairs
More

























































 
									
									
							  		Tooth-Care-Product (139)
							  		






























See Suppliers / Exhibitors From
HKTDC Hong Kong Baby Products Fair 2017
HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition) 2016
HKTDC Hong Kong Electronics Fair (Spring Edition) 2017
HKTDC Hong Kong Gifts & Premium Fair 2017
HKTDC Hong Kong Houseware Fair 2017
HKTDC Hong Kong Toys & Games Fair 2017












View As:











Items Per Page:


20
|
40
|
60

















 
													
													
													Contact Multiple Suppliers



 
													
													
													Add to Wish List











 
Accept Small Orders























































Denture Bath
















 
										
								  		
								  		King Tai Holdings Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (1)
See All




















































													[11 matching items]
												







Oral Irrigator






						  				
							  				Min. Order: 100 piece(s)
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 5-10 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Shenzhen Fortunecome Technology Co....





China
Exporter, Manufacturer















										Buy Now



 
								
								
								Contact Us


























































Dental Floss
















 
										
								  		
								  		Alpha Cosmo Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (4)
See All






















































Toothbrush
















 
										
								  		
								  		Pak Mane Brush Limited





Hong Kong
Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


























































Tsubu Shio Medical Tooth Paste
















 
										
								  		
								  		SSK HongKong Company Limited





Hong Kong
Importer, Retailer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (1)
See All






















































High Quality Big Teeth Comb





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 2000
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 25 year(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Lee Premium Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (1)
See All






















































Styling Comb
















 
										
								  		
								  		Tai Hing Products Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (1)
See All






















































Toothbrush Set
















 
										
								  		
								  		Miku Int'l Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (4)
See All






















































Professional Hair Thinning Scissors





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 500 piece(s)
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 30 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Shenzhen New Gain Import And Export...





China
Exporter, Wholesaler, Export Agent














 
								
								
								Contact Us


























































Hair Curler and Straightener






						  				
							  				Min. Order: 500 piece(s)
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 15 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Shenzhen Toplane Product Co Ltd





China
















										Buy Now



 
								
								
								Contact Us


























































Hair Comb with Rotative Teeth





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 3,000 piece(s)
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 45-60 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Schneider & Co





Hong Kong
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (1)
See All






















































46 Teeth Metal Comb with Tapering





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 1440
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 45-60 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Yiu Sang Metal Fty Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (10)
See All






















































Child Care - Child Toddler Toothbrush





						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 45 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Unite Safety Baby Products Co Ltd





Hong Kong
Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (4)
See All






















































Children Musical Toothbrush





						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 30 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Perfect Group Holdings Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (4)
See All






















































Gum Care Toothbrush Orthodontic Use






						  				
							  				Min. Order: 200
						  				
						  				
							  				Reference Price: 							  				
											
											
												 
											
							  				USD 5

											
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 20 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Senior Care Innovation Ltd





Hong Kong
Exporter, Wholesaler, Manufacturer, E-tailer















										Buy Now



 
								
								
								Contact Us


























































Rechargeable Toothbrush





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 3,000 piece(s)
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 60 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Tin Shing Ind'l Co





Hong Kong
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


















Other Matching Items (3)
See All






















































Intelligent Ocean World
















 
										
								  		
								  		LA-DI-DA Baby Toy Co Ltd





China
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us
























































													[6 matching items]
												







Exclusive Ultrasonic Toothbrush






						  				
							  				Min. Order: 50
						  				
						  				
							  				Reference Price: 							  				
											
											
												 
											
							  				USD 9.8

											
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 7 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Shenzhen Million Technology Development...





China
Manufacturer















										Buy Now



 
								
								
								Contact Us
























































													[2 matching items]
												







FDA Approved Tooth Care Dental SPA Water Jet Oral Irrigator...





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 1000
						  				
						  				
						  				
							  				Production Lead Time: 20 day(s)











 
										
								  		
								  		Shenzhen Achepower Electronic Co Ltd





China
Exporter, Manufacturer














 
								
								
								Contact Us


























































Green Tea





						  				
							  				Min. Order: 2 box
						  				
						  				
							  				Reference Price: 							  				
											
											
												 
											
							  				CNY 408.00












 
										
								  		
								  		Guizhou Jiangkou JingYuanChun Tea Industry...





China
Wholesaler, Manufacturer, Retailer














 
								
								
								Contact Us










































 
												
												
											  	Contact Multiple Suppliers



 
												
												
											  	Add to Wish List








Items Per Page:


20
|
40
|
60




















Page



Of  4


Go








1|2|3|4
Next

































More HKTDC Services














Get Product Alertas soon as new products and suppliers come online!
									













Subscribe Product Magazines
to obtain latestproduct trends
										













Request for Quotation
to obtain tailor-made quotations from suppliers
									













Small-Order Zone
buy quality products in small quantity
										













Email Us
for assistance in sourcing products
										




























You can connect with Tooth Care Product Suppliers, find Tooth Care Product Factory and bulk order Baby Toothbrush, Baby Finger Toothbrush, Bluetooth Headset For Iphone 6, Bluetooth Handset, Bluetooth Ble, Bluetooth Earbud, Bluetooth Handsfree Speaker, Bluetooth Helmet Communicator at HKTDC. Related products in hktdc.com Small Order: China Bluetooth Car Audio System for Vehicles, China Bluetooth Car Dvd Player for Vehicles, China Bluetooth Car Mp3 Player for Vehicles, China Bluetooth Car Radio for Vehicles.











































 






         Font


Print this page


Email this page




﻿ Newsletter
												




﻿ RSS Feeds
												



Mobile Device




﻿ Manage your HKTDC e-subscription
											




﻿ Suppliers















 Regional Websites:























 






hktdc.com Home | About HKTDC
 | Contact HKTDC
 | 
										
									Advertise with HKTDC | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
 | 
Hyperlink Policy
 | 
Site Map
 | 
京ICP备09059244号





Browse by:  
		China Suppliers |  
		Hong Kong Suppliers |
		Asian Suppliers |
		Products








 


Copyright © 2000-2017
									  Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


 



 

































































	
	Dental Products and Supplies: Opalescence Tooth Whitening, ViscoStat Tissue Management, VALO | Ultradent 













































































































































Header 506 ms



Quick Order



Shop by Item Number
Quick Lists
Recent Purchases






My Account





Sign In
New Customer? Register here


 Your Order History
 Change Your Password
 Pay Your Bill
 Return Items






Cart (0)








Menu



Cart



Search



Free Shipping on orders of $295+

Contact Us 
1.888.230.1420




United States




BrazilChinaCroatiaEuropeFranceGermanyItalyJapanLatin AmericaNetherlandsSpainTurkey
Other Countries








Products

Tooth Whitening
Bond/Etch
Composites
Crown & Bridge
Endodontics
Equipment
Finish
Impressions
Orthodontics
Prepare
Prevent/Hygiene
Tips & Syringes
Tissue Management
Triodent®



Resources

Product Instructions
SDS
Product Catalogs
Marketing Materials
International Resources



Events

Continuing Education
Trade Shows
Calendar



About Us

Our Company
Dr. Fischer and Ultradent
Executive Team
Proud USA Manufacturer
Humanitarian Efforts Program
Blog
Ultradent Elite
Careers
Contact Us
News








Quick Order






My Account







It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.










 ProductsHome Products






Tooth Whitening
Bond/Etch
Composites
Crown & Bridge
Endodontics
Equipment
Finish
Impressions
Orthodontics
Prepare
Prevent/Hygiene
Tips & Syringes
Tissue Management
Triodent®




Page Content 
		
 	
	


Page Content 2

Tooth Whitening Tooth WhiteningTake-Home WhiteningPrefilled Whitening TraysIn-Office WhiteningSpecialty WhiteningDesensitizing TreatmentsTray FabricationWhitening ToothpasteShade GuidesOpalescence® Gift Bags and Syringe EnvelopesView All »
								Bond/Etch Bond/EtchBonding SystemsSelf-Etch BondingEtchantsCalcium Hydroxide LinerCHX Antibacterial SolutionView All »
								Composites CompositesUveneer™Composite, Light CureFlowable Composite, Light CureComposite Wetting ResinUltradent® Composite GunView All »
								Crown & Bridge Crown & BridgeTemporary CementsPermanent CementsProvisional MaterialView All »
								Endodontics EndodonticsMTA Repair CementEquipmentInstrumentationChemistriesIrrigationObturationPosts & DrillsView All »
								Equipment EquipmentVALO® LED Curing LightsGemini® LaserUltrasonic ScalersUltraVac™Ultrasep™ IIIUltradent® Utility Vinyl CuttersUltradent® Ultra-Trim Scalloping ScissorsUltraTect™UltraTester™View All »
								Finish FinishJiffy® Universal Ceramic FinishingJiffy® Composite FinishingDiamond Polishing PasteFinishing StripsOxygen Barrier GelComposite SealerView All »
								Impressions ImpressionsThermo Clone™ VPSThermo Clone™ Bite RegistrationThermo Clone™ VPS PuttyChromaclone® PVSClone™ BiteChromaclone® PVS AccessoriesImpressions TipsChromaclone® 5-dayView All »
								Orthodontics OrthodonticsAdhesivesEquipmentHome CareImpressionsIndirect BondingOral HygieneSuppliesTooth WhiteningView All »
								Prepare PrepareTriodent® Sectional Matrix SystemsCaries IndicatorsOral Anesthetic GelDisposable MatricesIntercoronal BrushPreventative AidCaulking and Putty PastesRubber DamCHX Antibacterial SlurrySectional MatricesMouth PropsView All »
								Prevent/Hygiene Prevent/HygienePit and Fissure SealantsFluoride TreatmentsProphylaxis AuxiliariesUltradent® Universal Dentin SealantToothbrushesInterproximal CleanerUltrasonic ScalersView All »
								Tips & Syringes Tips & SyringesBrush TipsCannulaeEndodontic TipsFlocked TipsImpression TipsMixing TipsSyringesAuxiliariesOrthodontic Adhesives TipsView All »
								Tissue Management Tissue ManagementHemostaticsRetraction CordPacking InstrumentsBrush TipsAuxiliariesView All »
								Triodent® Triodent®


Page Content 3


 Ultradent dental products are known around the globe for their quality and affordability. Among some of Ultradent’s most popular and award-winning products are Astringedent and ViscoStat hemostatic agents, Ultra-Etch self-limiting etchant, UltraSeal XT plus dental sealant, Opalescence tooth whitening systems, VALO curing lights, and TiLOS endodontic systems. Many products are administered via a unique syringe/tip delivery system that has become known for being easy to use, keeping product fresh longer, and minimizing waste. All products have become recognized for their effectiveness in promoting Dr. Dan Fischer’s goal of minimally invasive dentistry. 




















1.888.230.1420onlineordersupport@ultradent.com505 West Ultradent Drive (10200 South) South Jordan, UT 84095
        

ProductsTooth WhiteningBond/EtchCompositesCrown & BridgeEndodonticsEquipmentFinishImpressionsOrthodonticsPreparePrevent/HygieneTips & SyringesResourcesEventsAbout UsSDSCareers

Footer created in 0 ms.
© Copyright 2017 Ultradent Products Inc. All Rights Reserved.Terms and ConditionsCareersCA Transparency in Supply Chains Act







Connect:























































A Tooth Story by Margaret McNamara | Leveled Books • Guided Reading Books • Books for Kids






















































Leveled Books • Guided Reading Books • Books for Kids

Check out our leveled book sets selected according to various leveled reading programs. Purchase from LeveledReader.com to enhance your child's reading program and Grow Independent Readers®.












Get our News...
Leave Blank:Do Not Change:Your email: 




Email Us

Book Sets by Level

Book Sets by Age

Book Sets by Grade





Shop Categories




Shop by AgeShop by SubjectSeriesNon-FictionShop by GradeBuy A Set Of BooksShop by Special OccasionShop By LevelPicture BooksRead AloudsReading Group Sets 



 Attention teachers looking for books to supplement leveled book selections and encourage children to read outside of their school leveled reading program - we accept Purchase Orders!Please note, our leveling criteria may vary slightly from standard programs 
read more...
Buying leveled books for kids is easy with Lily's Choice Pre-Packaged Book Sets. View our pre-packaged book sets for kids that love to read!


 

A Tooth Story by Margaret McNamara 




Zoom 











$3.99







How many ?
 


















Description
Details



Description

A tooth Story (Robin Hill School) by Margaret McNamara, Leveled Books G-H-I
When picture day arrives at Red Robin school everyone is proudly showing their smiles. Jamie isn't sure what to do because he is still waiting for that first tooth to fall out. Told with humor and compassion, this latest book from the Robin Hill kids is another captivating one for your young child. Be sure your family gets to know this great kids from Robin Hill.



Details

Author: Margaret McNamara
Binding Type: Paperback
Fiction/Non-Fiction: Fiction
Leveled Group: G-H-I
Age Level: 5-7
Grade: Kindergarten - 1st


















 







Important Shipping Information
 Expected Delivery Times are from the date your order leaves our shop. Most orders do not leave our shop for a minimum of 1 week from date the order is received. We do not process credit card charges until your order is ready to ship.



Shopping Cart




Loading...



Total Items: 
Total: $








My Account





Learn more about…


Leveled Books

Leveled Reading

Leveled Reading Books



Guided Reading

Fountas and Pinnell Guided Reading

Guided Reading Fountas and Pinnell



Common Core Standards

Common Core Standards Reading



Learn to Read

Learn to Read Books

Beginning Readers

First Readers

Early Readers



Childrens Books

Children’s Books

Nonfiction Childrens Books

Childrens Books Nonfiction



Leveled Readers

Nonfiction Leveled Readers

Reading Level



Guided Reading Level





Lily’s Blog
 
Announcements

Books for Special Occasions

Buying Books For Kids

Childrens Books News

Common Core Standards

Exploring Leveled Books

Getting Kids to Read

Guided Reading News

Learn to Read News

Leveled Book News

Leveled Readers News










Designed by Coburn Enterprises.




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















A Tooth Story by Margaret McNamara | Scholastic

















































Teachers


Parents
Kids
Administrators
Librarians













                            Login
                        
                        /
                        
                            Register
                        

PreK-K
1-2
3-5
6-8
ALL











PreK-K
1-2
3-5
6-8
ALL






        Teachers
    



        Parents
    



        Kids
    



        Administrators
    



        Librarians
    












        Teachers Home
    



        Lessons and Ideas
    













        Books and Authors
    













        Top Teaching Blog
    



        Teacher's Tool Kit
    













        Student Activities
    


















        The Teacher Store
    








        Book Clubs
    



        Book Fairs
    



        Scholastic Education
    



        Classroom Magazines
    








        About Us
    

























TM ® & © 2016 Scholastic Inc. All Rights Reserved.







Sign Out














































                    {{SearchGrades.selectedGradeName}}
                    




{{GradeOption.name}}



Go


















Create a List


List Name

Save













                        Rename this List
                    



















 Rename this list
                    

List Name

Delete from selected List

Save












Save to















Grades











 Save to:
                



Delete from selected List



Save
Create a List





 Create a list
                




Save
Back




































					EXPAND PRODUCT DETAILS 






					 Robin Hill School     


A Tooth Story


                    
                        
                            By
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                         Margaret McNamara 
                    
                    , 
                
                    
                    
                        
                            illustrated by
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                    
                    
                         Mike Gordon 




Grades

						1-2, 
					
						PreK-K
					





								GUIDED READING

								LEXILE® MEASURE

								Grade Level Equivalent

								DRA LEVEL



						H



Genre
Fiction




					Expand Product Details 




				
				It's almost school picture day at Robin Hill School. There are going to be lots of empty spaces in Mrs. Connor's first-grade class — lots of empty spaces in the smiles, that is, because most of her students are missing a tooth or two. Except for Jamie; he still has all his teeth. No matter what he does, none of his teeth come out. Until...
				
				
			


LIST PRICE
					$3.95
 
YOU SAVE
					$0.99



SALE PRICE

$2.96


Paperback Book




								Paperback Book






QTY

1

+ -




ADD TO CART


OUT OF STOCK















					SAVE TO LIST
				




















						More Books About
						
					




Elementary School
Fitting In
New Teeth and Losing Teeth











Other Books in This Series
















                    Book
                


                        Picking Apples
                    




Grades

                        N/A
                    




                    Paperback Book
                

                    $2.99
                


Add to Cart



                    From the Teachers Store
                














                    Book
                


                        Fall Leaf Project
                    




Grades

                        N/A
                    




                    Paperback Book
                

                    $2.96
                


                Out of Stock
                


                    From the Teachers Store
                














                    Book
                


                        Groundhog Day
                    




Grades

                        N/A
                    




                    Paperback Book
                

                    $2.96
                


Add to Cart



                    From the Teachers Store
                























            Other Books You Might Like
          
























































My Scholastic



Susan Cheyney
GRADES: 1-2





		            My Account
		     	



		            Sign Out
		     	
















































































About Us





































TM ® & © 2016 Scholastic Inc. All Rights Reserved.












