




Topical Remedy, LLC - Pharmaceuticals- Parrott  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Topical Remedy, LLC

      Industry: Pharmaceuticals
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    5285 Meadows Road, Suite 161  
    Lake Oswego, OR, 97035Phone: 503-684-0100 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-23


Amended


$759,870


$259,870


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2016-07-21


New


$500,000


$500,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2015-05-11


New


$650,000


$650,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link




	2013-06-12


New


$3,600,000


$3,600,000


Equity Only


06


SEC link




	2012-09-28


New


$650,000


$650,000


Other


06


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Brad Parrott 
 Director 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Topical Remedy, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:37 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Topical Remedy, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Topical Remedy, LLC develops over the counter drugs for treatment of herpes labialis. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Lake Oswego, Oregon.


5285 Meadows RoadSuite 161Lake Oswego, OR 97035United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 503-684-0100








Key Executives for Topical Remedy, LLC




Mr. Brad Parrott


      	Manager and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Topical Remedy, LLC Key Developments

Topical Remedy, LLC Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference, Sep-13-2016
Sep 10 16
Topical Remedy, LLC Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference, Sep-13-2016 . Venue: The Westin Copley Place, 10 Huntington Ave, Boston, MA 02116, United States.


Topical Remedy, LLC Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference 2016, Jan-12-2016
Jan 7 16
Topical Remedy, LLC Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference 2016, Jan-12-2016 . Venue: Marine's Memorial Club & Hotel, 609 Sutter St, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Topical Remedy, LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Topical Treatments for Psoriasis


































Skip to main content








Psoriasis Treatment Home




Medical Reference


Features


Video


Slideshows & Images


Patient Education


Quizzes


Health Tools


News Archive




Psoriasis Home



News


Reference


Slideshows


Videos


Message Board


Medications


Find a Dermatologist





Psoriasis Guide




What is Psoriasis?


Symptoms


Diagnosis


Types


Causes & Risks


Prevention


Choosing a Doctor


Treatments


Living & Coping With Psoriasis


Other Conditions




Related to Psoriasis



Healthy Beauty


Phototherapy


Psoriatic Arthritis


Skin Assessment


Skin Problems


More Related Topics









Skin Problems and Treatments





Psoriasis





Reference









Topical Treatments for Psoriasis





In this Article

In this Article


In this Article



Choosing a Topical


When to Change Things Up







The dry patches of skin you get with psoriasis can be itchy and uncomfortable, but the right treatment plan can help.
Your doctor will likely suggest creams, lotions, foams, sprays, solutions, and ointments. These are topical treatments -- meaning you put them directly on your skin or scalp.
A number of products are available. You can get some over the counter (OTC) at the drugstore, but for others you'll need a prescription. It may take time to find what works best for you.

Choosing a Topical


Moisturizers and lotions that you buy without a prescription can keep your skin moist and help control flare-ups. In general, thick, greasy lotions that trap moisture in your skin work best.

Salicylic acid removes scales that appear on patches of psoriasis. It comes in lotions, gels, soaps, and shampoos. It's especially helpful when used with other skin treatments. Removing flakes of dead skin allows other medications to work better.

Coal tar can help slow the growth of skin cells and make your skin look better. It too comes in many different forms. The weaker products are available OTC. The shampoo helps treat scalp psoriasis.
Coal tar doesn't smell good, and it can irritate your skin and stain your clothes.
Follow the directions carefully. Some studies show that the chemicals in coal tar are cancerous, but this is only true at very high doses. It's safe to use these products if you follow your doctor's instructions.

Steroids (corticosteroids) reduce puffiness (inflammation) and slow the growth of skin cells so they don't build up. They come in different strengths. Weaker formulas may work for sensitive areas like the face, neck, or skin-fold areas like the groin or armpit. You may need stronger ones for tough-to-treat places like your elbows and knees.
You'll probably apply your treatment twice a day. Your doctor may suggest you wrap the area with tape or plastic after you treat it. This is a method called occlusion. It can help some treatments work better, but it may also make side effects stronger.
The side effects include:

Thinning of skin
Changes in skin color
Bruising
More visible stretch marks



Continued


Make sure you follow your doctor's directions. Overusing the medicine can lead to more serious health problems.
Sometimes, steroids work better when used along with other medications.

Vitamin D creams, lotions, foams, and solutions like calcipotriene (Calcitrene, Dovonex, Sorilux) slow the growth of your skin cells. For long-term use, these products may be safer for you than steroids, but they can irritate your skin.
Your doctor will probably suggest you use small amounts twice a day. Be careful not to get it on your healthy skin.
Some of these medications can make you sick if you swallow them, so keep them away from children and pets. And make sure your doctor knows what other medicines you're taking. Some can stop vitamin D products from working.
Your doctor may suggest you use vitamin D together with a steroid. One medication is a combination of both. It's called Taclonex (calcipotriene and betamethasone dipropionate).

Retinoids, like tazarotene (Tazorac), can help speed up the growth and shedding of skin cells. These gels or creams have vitamin A and come in different strengths.
Typically, you put a small dab on each lesion once a day before bed.
Doctors usually suggest women who are pregnant or who might become pregnant not use these products.

Anthralin slows the growth of skin cells and lowers inflammation. It doesn't have any serious side effects, but it can irritate the skin and stain clothing, sheets, and skin. It's often used with other medications.

Pimecrolimus (Elidel), tacrolimus (Protopic), and crisaborole (Eucrisa) can help stop swelling (inflammation). Your doctor may call these drugs "calcineurin inhibitors." They're sometimes used to treat psoriasis when other medications don't work.
Talk to your doctor before taking these medications, and read the FDA black box warning on the label. There may be a link between these drugs and lymphoma (cancer of the lymphatic system) and skin cancer.

When to Change Things Up

These treatments work well for many people, but they aren’t a sure bet. Don't be surprised if something that was working stops -- or if something that’s never helped before starts to do some good. Let your doctor know what makes a difference and what doesn’t. Together, you can choose the right products.
Many topical treatments can irritate your skin, so over time, your doctor may suggest that you cycle through different types of creams. You may also use them along with other types of treatments, like phototherapy or medications you take by mouth or inject.
Before you start using topical treatments, make sure you understand the directions and the side effects they can cause. Stick with your treatment plan, too. If you don't use your medication regularly, your psoriasis could get worse.





Pagination




Top Picks



7 Psoriasis Triggers to Avoid


Treating Psoriasis When You Have Other Conditions


Is Salicylic Acid Good For Your Skin?


What Shampoos Are Best for Psoriasis?


Psoriasis: Should You Avoid Certain Foods?


Psoriasis and Depression: What's the Link?







further reading



Slideshow: Psoriasis Treatments: Medications, Alternative Treatments, and More


Slideshow: Beauty Hacks for Your Psoriasis Skin


Psoriasis: Treatment and Tips During the Holidays


Psoriasis Treatment Not Working? Your Options


Psoriasis and Exercise: The Game Changer


When Psoriasis Meds Don’t Work: Your Treatment Options


7 Tips for Psoriasis Skin Care


Psoriasis Treatment Topics










Today on WebMD





Who’s Got Psoriasis?
About 7.5 million people in the U.S. Get the facts.










Triggers Can Come and Go
What might spark your psoriasis today?





Slideshow: Home Remedies For Psoriasis
Slideshow: Home Remedies For Psoriasis





Can Coconut Oil Help Psoriasis?
Get the facts.









Recommended for You





Slideshow
New Treatments for Psoriasis





Article
Is It Dandruff or Scalp Psoriasis?





Slideshow
Psoriasis Treatment: What's Right for You?





Article
Beware Miracle Diets for Psoriasis





Slideshow
11 Food Tips to Tame Inflammation





Article
Laser Treatments for Psoriasis





Slideshow
What Each Type of Psoriasis Looks Like





Slideshows
10 Psoriasis Triggers









Tools & ResourcesWhy Scratching Feels So GoodWhere Is Your Psoriasis?Photos: Psoriasis TriggersPsoriasis and PregnancyWhat Is Plaque Psoriasis?Diabetes and PsoriasisWhen Kids Get Psoriasis








Health Solutions


Knee Pain Management


Bent Fingers?


Cancer Treatments


Online Hearing Test


Seeking Cancer Care?


Painful Knees?


Cancer Support


Treat Pet Anxiety


Exercise & OA Knee Pain


Care for Valve Disease?


Pet Food Facts


Hearing Loss Help


Ringing in the Ears


Find Infant Formula


Aortic Valve Stenosis



More from WebMD


The Stress of Caregiving


Healthy Cat Tips


Immunotherapy for Cancer


What Is CIDP?


Multiple Myeloma


8 Ways to Avoid Heart Attack


Treatments for Cancer


Living Better With Migraine


Foods That Cause Acid Reflux


Tips for Your Dog's Health


Diabetes Assessment


Avoid Allergy Triggers


Treating Advanced Prostate Cancer


5 Things That Spike Your Blood Sugar






   Cancer Treatment & Nutrition 11 Tips to Control Diabetes










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC Products: Homeopathic Treatments...

 







HomeoLabels
Homeopathic Treatments









Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC Products: Homeopathic Treatments Section
Page 1 of 5 1 2 3 4 5 » 



Fastrin Incontinence and Ostomy Rash Care
Calendula, Comfrey, Thuja Occidentalis
By Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC | Last revised: 1 June 2017

Helps relieve and prevent rashes and irritation due to wetness from incontinence. Helps prevent infection. Warnings. For external use only. Do not get into eyes. Keep out of reach of children. If swallowed, get medical help or contact a Poison…




Mom of 11 Kids No Time For Cuts, Scrapes and Burns
Calendula
By Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC | Last revised: 20 August 2015

Promotes healing from minor cuts, scrapes, burns and skin irritations. Warnings. For external use only. Stop use and ask a doctor if condition worsens or if symptoms persist for more than 7 days, or clear up and occur again within a few days. When…




Mom of 11 Kids No Time For Diaper Rash
Calendula, Comfrey
By Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC | Last revised: 20 August 2015

Helps treat and prevent diaper rash. Protects chafed skin due to diaper rash. Warnings. For external use only. Stop use and ask a doctor if condition worsens or if symptoms persist for more than 7 days, or clear up and occur again within a few days…




Mom of 11 Kids No Time For Diaper Rash Maximum Strength
Calendula, Comfrey, Thuja
By Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC | Last revised: 20 August 2015

Helps treat and prevent diaper rash. Protects chafed skin due to diaper rash. Warnings. For external use only. Stop use and ask a doctor if condition worsens or if symptoms persist for more than 7 days, or clear up and occur again within a few days…




Mom of 11 Kids No Time For Eczema
Thuja Occidentalis, Comfrey
By Aidance Skincare & Topical Solutions, LLC | Last revised: 20 August 2015

Temporarily relieves minor skin irritation and itching due to rashes, eczema. Warnings. For external use only. Stop use and ask a doctor if condition worsens or if symptoms persist for more than 7 days, or clear up and occur again within a few days…


Page 1 of 5 1 2 3 4 5 » 




Share this Homeopathy Information

Facebook

Stumble!
Tweet
Google +1

Pin

Print
Tell a Friend
More…






FDA MedWatch

Cyclobenzaprine HCl and Amantadine HCl by Apace Packaging: Recall – Potential MislabelingFri, 28 Jul 2017. Unintentional dosing with Cyclobenzaprine HCl may potentially lead to the development of life-threatening serotonin syndrome, and other serious adverse events.Sterile Drug Products by Cantrell Drug Company: Recall –  Lack of Sterility AssuranceTue, 25 Jul 2017. Administration of a drug product intended to be sterile that is not sterile could result in serious infections that may be life-threatening.


 








 







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















LET Gel | Edge Pharmacy Services
























FDA-Registered
Outsourcing Facility






 


Phone 802-992-1178


Fax 802-489-6300








Quality


Services


Ordering


About Us


Contact


Blog


Client Login












LET Gel









Back to Dermatology Products  Edge Pharmacy Services is proud to provide LET Gel to hospital emergency departments, urgent care centers, pediatrician offices, and other qualified health care providers.  LET Gel is a topical anesthetic consisting of Lidocaine, Epinephrine, and Tetracaine which is commonly applied to open wounds prior to suturing.Our LET Gel is dispensed in convenient 3mL unit dose amber syringes.  Each dose is individually labeled to minimize the possibility of misadministration.  Whether you are in charge of the inventory in a very busy emergency department or you have an independent pediatric practice that would like to keep a few doses on hand, Edge can meet your needs.  As an FDA-Registered 503B Outsourcing Facility we are able to dispense LET Gel in bulk and without requiring patient names.LET Gel Topical Anesthetic - 3mL Unit Dose Amber Syringe:Lidocaine 4%
Epinephrine 0.05%
Tetracaine 0.5%
 Simply fill-out the registration form below to setup an account and place an order.More Dermatology Products 




Company Name *





Primary Contact Title





Primary Contact First Name *





Primary Contact Last Name *





Primary Contact Email *





Primary Contact Phone *





Address *





Address line 2





City *





State *





Zip *





Type of Organization


Please select organization type
Clinic
Hospital
Surgery Center
Other




How did you hear about us? *


Please select
Web search
Web advertisement
Letter or postcard in mail
Trade show or conference
FDA 503B outsourcing website
Referral
Already a customer
Other (please specify)




Other (please specify)





Coupon Code
















Services
Drug Shortages
















Are you an organization interested in ordering our products?Create an account now to access our order forms.
Register for an Account













Topical Remedies - Tenda Horse Products, LLC












  ALL Products | Retailers | Contract Mfg. | SDS Authoring | About Us | Contact Us








 
 



Products By Use
Nutritional Supplements
Topical Remedies

-Commodities
-Grooming
-Hoof Care
-Leg & Muscle
-Poultice
-Salves


Empty Containers

New Products
Testimonials
News & Events







 
 



Topical Remedies:

Our selection of high-quality topical remedies includes a broad range of ready to use products for horse grooming, equine wound care, hoof oils, and equine leg care; as well and commodity class  basic ingredients for mixing your own topical remedies. With over 30 years serving the equine industry, you can rely on Tenda Horse Products LLC to provide the everyday items that keep your horse looking and feeling his best.
              Whether your passion is producing top quality show horses or you strive to have world class race horses, we are confident that our products are a perfect fit for your barn.






Leg & Muscle Care:
View our selection of leg tighteners, pain relievers,and sweat solutions for everyday use and to relieve the pain and swelling associated with
                  over-exertion and/or injury.
 


Grooming Products:
Keep your horses coat clean, soft and shiny with our selection of equine shampoos! Strong enough to tackle the dirtiest of horses yet gentle enough for daily use. 


 
  
 
  




Hoof  Care:
A sound horse starts with a sound hoof! Strengthen brittle hooves and ward off damaging cracks with our selection of quality hoof care products for all classes of horses. 


Healing Salves:
Whether you're looking for an all-purpose wound salve, drawing salve or a quality heel cream, look no further, we've got just what you need to heal them up right! 


 
 
 
 




Poultice:
Perfect for packing hooves and drawing the heat out of sore and tired legs, all natural clay poultice is used as both a preventative and restorative treatment for performance horses. 


Topical Commodities:
You can rely on the quality of Tenda Horse Products, LLC.
                to provide you with the basic ingredients you need for your home-made topical remedies including glycerine, camphor, menthol and more!


 
 
 
 



            Please feel free to contact us at sales@tendahorse.com with any questions or inquiries that you may have.



      







 





 
 Privacy Statement | Dealer Request | Contact Us | Site Map
©2016 Tenda Horse Products, LLC









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































 







  Topical Treatments Archives | Hold the Hairline        







      Select Page     Top 10 Hair Loss Shampoo Products with Ketoconazole Including NizoralJul 18, 2017 | Shampoos & Conditioners, Top Treatments, Topical TreatmentsKetoconazole is one of the few proven, viable solutions to treat hair loss. Many people have heard of the Nizoral hair loss treatment as it is one of the most popular shampoos. Nizoral also comes in 1% and 2% ketoconazole options. Many hair loss websites will mention...  The Healing Tingle: Tea Tree Oil for Hair LossJul 1, 2017 | Natural Remedies, Topical TreatmentsTea tree oil is one of the most popular ingredients found in many of the top selling shampoos for hair loss treatment and anti dandruff formulas. But does tea tree oil for hair loss work as a solution? Also, does it have properties that enhance hair growth? There are...  Tricomin Review: Does it Really Work?Jun 12, 2017 | Natural Remedies, Shampoos & Conditioners, Topical TreatmentsTricomin’s products are some of the most promising hair loss treatment products available. On this Tricomin review page, we are going to discuss the data, breakdown results, look at the cost and benefits, and in conclusion either give Tricomin a thumbs up or...  The Proven Benefits of Emu Oil for Hair Loss & GrowthMay 22, 2017 | Natural Remedies, Topical TreatmentsEmu oil might not have struck you as being good for your hair, but continue reading this guide to learn the proven benefits of emu oil for hair loss and growth. Your hair is important. Not just for cosmetics or aesthetics, but it actually serves a purpose. The hair on...  Does Rogaine Work? Vertex, Temple, and Hairline ApplicationMay 21, 2017 | Top Treatments, Topical TreatmentsRogaine is perhaps the best marketed solution to hair loss today. It is an extremely popular treatment. Aside from ill-fitting wigs, it is a favorite even in pop culture to take jabs at, because the use of the product for hair loss is so widely spread and well known....  14 Best Hair Thickening Shampoos for Men of 2017May 21, 2017 | Concealers, Natural Remedies, Shampoos & Conditioners, Topical TreatmentsIn this review feature, we take a closer look at some of these weapons of mass reconstruction. Check out our chart below for the best hair thickening shampoos currently on the market. There are a few different approaches individuals take to tackling hair loss. Some...  Review of the 14 Best Minoxidil ProductsMay 21, 2017 | Top Treatments, Topical TreatmentsThere are few hair loss prevention products out there with solid scientific research backing up their effectiveness. Minoxidil is one of those few. It is also a medication that has proven results in not only helping people keep the hair they still have, but also...  The Best Hair Loss Shampoos for Men of 2017May 21, 2017 | Shampoos & Conditioners, Topical TreatmentsInterested in keeping that silky mane flowing strong? Shampoo is a big part of how you care for those luscious locks and the scalp underneath. It makes sense that you wouldn’t want to use just any shampoo, especially if you’re battling balding. Your hair...« Older Entries Search for:   11 Best Hair Loss Concealers of 2017  Does Rogaine Work? Vertex, Temple, and Hairline Application 
 Castor Oil for Hair Loss: Can it Turn Thinning Hair Healthy Again?  14 Best Hair Thickening Shampoos for Men of 2017  Reviews of HairMax and other Popular Laser Combs  The Healing Tingle: Tea Tree Oil for Hair Loss 

 Nioxin Shampoo Review: Does it Really Work?  The Best Hair Loss Shampoos for Men of 2017 
 Review of the 14 Best Minoxidil Products  Top 10 Hair Loss Shampoo Products with Ketoconazole Including Nizoral Site TopicsConcealersNatural RemediesOral TreatmentsShampoos & ConditionersTop TreatmentsTopical Treatments// A note on affiliates: Some of our pages include affiliate links to sites like Amazon. These online stores share a small percentage of revenue with us. If you purchase something through these links it helps support our research and work evaluating hair loss treatments.  Pin It on Pinterest      










Topical Skin Remedies - Beauty & Personal Care











































  








JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                













 





1-866-505-7501


Customer Care


Store Locations


My Account
 


Login








Sign Up for Deals!


Fast, Free Shipping!

 





Cart






                    Your Cart                
Checkout





(0 item)
Total:$0.00






















Trending Now:


Weight Management
Prenatal Multivitamins
Natural Sunscreen
Functional Foods
Collagen
 





Home


Beauty & Personal Care


Topical Skin Remedies











Topical Skin Remedies





Our skin serves as a protective barrier for our bodies, and supports our overall health, so making sure your skin maintains its health is incredibly important. Our selection of topical skin remedies seek to support healthy looking, glowing skin. Shop below or learn more here! Read More







            Showing
            1
            -
            32
            of
            214






Items Per Page:










Sort By:












Category






Filter
Sort


                            Sort Results By
                        

Best Matches


Price High To Low


Price Low To High


Product Name Ascending


Product Name Descending


Top Rated








Currently Shopping by:










Filter By




















99% Aloe Vera Gelly Soothing Moisturizer, 8 Oz
99% Aloe Vera Gelly Soothing Moisturizer
Lily Of The Desert







(2)


$5.99











ACS 200 Silver Gel Extra Strength, 8 Oz
ACS 200 Silver Gel Extra Strength
Results RNA


No Reviews





(0)


$29.95











ACS 200 Silver Gel Extra Strength, 2 Oz
ACS 200 Silver Gel Extra Strength
Results RNA







(2)


$19.95











AN-I Oil, 4 Drams
AN-I Oil
Professional Botanicals


No Reviews





(0)


$21.00











After-Bug Balm Itch Relief, .6 Oz
After-Bug Balm Itch Relief
Badger


No Reviews





(0)


$6.22


$6.99
You Save 11%











Age Defying Skin Care Starter Kit, 5 Piece(s)
Age Defying Skin Care Starter Kit
Andalou Naturals







(2)


$15.99


$19.99
You Save 20%











Aloe Gel Skin Relief Skin Protectant Gel, 2 Oz
Aloe Gel Skin Relief Skin Protectant Gel
All Terrain


No Reviews





(0)


$4.74


$4.99
You Save 5%











Aloe Soothing Gel, 8 Oz
Aloe Soothing Gel
NOW Foods


No Reviews





(0)


$7.19


$7.99
You Save 10%











Aloe Vera Leaf Juice Gelly, 8 Oz
Aloe Vera Leaf Juice Gelly
Pharm Aloe







(1)


$9.53











Aloe Vera Spray
Aloe Vera Spray
Life-Flo


No Reviews





(0)


$7.83


$9.79
You Save 20%











Aloe Vera Spray, 8 Oz, Life Flo, 8 Oz
Aloe Vera Spray, 8 Oz, Life Flo
Life-Flo


No Reviews





(0)


$9.79











Ancient Minerals Goodnight Magnesium Lotion with Melatonin, 2.5 Oz
Ancient Minerals Goodnight Magnesium Lotion with Melatonin
LL  Magnetic Clay







(3)


$29.00











Ancient Minerals Magnesium Gel, 64 Oz
Ancient Minerals Magnesium Gel
LL  Magnetic Clay


No Reviews





(0)


$165.00











Ancient Minerals Magnesium Gel Ultra w/ MSM, 8 Oz
Ancient Minerals Magnesium Gel Ultra w/ MSM
LL  Magnetic Clay


No Reviews





(0)


$21.95











Ancient Minerals Magnesium Oil, 64 Oz
Ancient Minerals Magnesium Oil
LL  Magnetic Clay


No Reviews





(0)


$119.00











Ancient Minerals Magnesium Oil Ultra w/ MSM, 64 Oz
Ancient Minerals Magnesium Oil Ultra w/ MSM
LL  Magnetic Clay


No Reviews





(0)


$119.00











Ancient Minerals Magnesium Oil Ultra w/ MSM Topical Spray, 8 Oz
Ancient Minerals Magnesium Oil Ultra w/ MSM Topical Spray
LL  Magnetic Clay







(2)


$21.95











Antisepz Gel, 0.5 Oz
Antisepz Gel
All Terrain


No Reviews





(0)


$4.49


$4.99
You Save 10%











Argan Oil 100% Pure and Organic, 4 Oz
Argan Oil 100% Pure and Organic
NOW Foods


No Reviews





(0)


$20.69


$29.99
You Save 31%











Argan Oil 100% Pure and Organic, 2 Oz
Argan Oil 100% Pure and Organic
NOW Foods







(18)


$11.72


$16.99
You Save 31%











Argentyn 23 First Aid Gel, 1 Oz
Argentyn 23 First Aid Gel
Natural Immunogenics







(2)


$17.09


$18.99
You Save 10%











Arginine Gel, 2 Oz
Arginine Gel
Natural Radiance







(1)


$17.98


$19.98
You Save 10%











ArniCare Cream, 1.33 Oz
ArniCare Cream
Boiron


No Reviews





(0)


$6.62


$9.29
You Save 28%











Arnica Oil, 1 Oz
Arnica Oil
Herb Pharm


No Reviews





(0)


$11.60


$14.50
You Save 20%











Aromatherapeutic Moroccan Argan Oil Coconut, 1 Oz
Aromatherapeutic Moroccan Argan Oil Coconut
Acure Organics


No Reviews





(0)


$11.56


$12.99
You Save 11%











Aromatic Chest Rub Eucalyptus & Mint, 2 Oz
Aromatic Chest Rub Eucalyptus & Mint
Badger


No Reviews





(0)


$8.89


$9.99
You Save 11%











Authia Cream, 2 Oz
Authia Cream
Cardiovascular Research


No Reviews





(0)


$36.00


$45.00
You Save 20%











Avocado Oil, 4 Oz
Avocado Oil
NOW Foods


No Reviews





(0)


$5.99


$6.99
You Save 14%











Avocado Oil, 4 Oz
Avocado Oil
Natures Alchemy


No Reviews





(0)


$7.57


$9.35
You Save 19%











Ayurvedic Neem Balm, 2 Oz
Ayurvedic Neem Balm
Auromere







(1)


$18.27


$21.50
You Save 15%











BCT Oil, 4 Drams
BCT Oil
Professional Botanicals


No Reviews





(0)


$21.00











Baby Fix-It Stick, .5 Oz
Baby Fix-It Stick
Acure Organics


No Reviews





(0)


$7.11


$7.99
You Save 11%


 











Support Healthy Looking, Radiant Skin
Supporting your skin’s health should be a daily part of your beauty or skin care routine. The skin forms a protective barrier between your insides and outsides, and helps regulate your body’s temperature. Your skin is constantly in a state of growth, and produced new skin cells as the old ones die. However, your skin is affected by a number of factors, including weather, pollution, the food you eat, and the aging process.
Taking care of your skin means supporting its flexibility and elasticity, so developing a skin care routine with the right products can help support healthy looking skin. If you experience negative skin issues, you might want to more closely examine the products you use to take care of your skin. Since hydration is one of the major factors that affects your skin, you should pay attention to what type of skin you have, and select your cleansers, moisturizers, and other products based on that type.
Popular Ingredients for Skin Types

Sensitive Skin

Shea butter
Calendula
Honey
Oatmeal

Normal/Combination Skin

Avocado
Aloe vera
Jojoba oil
Argan oil

Oily Skin

Tea tree
Hyaluronic acid
Citrus oils
Coconut oil

These ingredients are present in many of our topical skin remedy products, and we offer a great selection of facial oils, cleansers, creams, and even gels to support your skin’s health. Whether you’re searching for a facial cream to complete your nightly skin routine, or you’re thinking of trying oil cleansing for the first time, we have a number of options to suit your needs. Best of all, we offer products that are free of potentially harmful substances like parabens and phthalates, so you can feel secure using them. Shop our selection today, or call us at 1-866-505-7501 to find out more about these products! 









Shop by:





Category






Brands





 





 





Need Help?
1-866-505-7501

1-866-505-7501





Connect With Us:




































 




Sign up for exclusive deals! The best deals, coupons, and health and nutrition information.





Go!














Shop With
Confidence










100% Quality Guarantee









100%
Secure



























© 2006-2017 Natural Healthy Concepts, LLC, all rights reserved.  Natural Healthy Concepts® is a trademark of Natural Healthy Concepts, LLC.  Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of our Terms of Sale and Privacy Policy

    Theresa Groskopp, Certified Nutritionist
    310 N Westhill Blvd, Appleton, WI 54914      Telephone: 866-505-7501 (US)  920-968-2360

The products and/or claims made about specific products found on this website have not been evaluated by the United States Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, cure or prevent disease. The information presented on this site is for educational purposes only and is not intended to replace advice from your physician or other health care professional or any information found on any product label or packaging. You should always consult with a qualified health care professional before starting any exercise, diet or supplement regimen. 

















































 






