

	DIETNAVIGATOR Trademark of Torgerson, William. Serial Number: 75900313 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
DIETNAVIGATOR










 
Get FREE email alerts













DIETNAVIGATOR  Trademark Information
 Torgerson, William
Providing dieting and physical fitness consultation designed to assist individuals in dieting, achieving or maintaining physical fitness; weight reduction diet planning and supervision




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
providing   dieting   physical   fitness   consultation   designed   assist   individuals   dieting      achieving   maintaining   physical   fitness   weight   reduction   diet   planning   supervision    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DIETNAVIGATOR trademark by Torgerson, William 
                                in Annapolis, , 21403.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DIETNAVIGATOR trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Torgerson, William of the DIETNAVIGATOR trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DIETNAVIGATOR trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, January 18, 2000,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DIETNAVIGATOR by 
                        Torgerson, William, Annapolis 21403.
                        The USPTO has given the DIETNAVIGATOR 
                        trademark serial  number of  75900313.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for DIETNAVIGATOR is 
                        
                        
                                            William Torgerson of 
                                            975 Melvin Road,  Annapolis MD 21403,  
                                .
                            The DIETNAVIGATOR trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DIETNAVIGATOR 
                            is Providing dieting and physical fitness consultation designed to assist individuals in dieting, achieving or maintaining physical fitness; weight reduction diet planning and supervision. 
                            





Word mark:
 DIETNAVIGATOR


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

5/1/2001






  Serial Number:  
75900313


  Filing Date:  
1/18/2000


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Providing dieting and physical fitness consultation designed to assist individuals in dieting, achieving or maintaining physical fitness; weight reduction diet planning and supervision


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/8/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

Torgerson, WilliamAnnapolis 21403
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


William Torgerson
975 Melvin Road
Annapolis MD 21403







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DIETNAVIGATOR trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/1/2001
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



William Torgerson


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DIETNAVIGATOR trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dietnavigator on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DIETNAVIGATOR 




DIETNAVIGATOR is providing Providing dieting and physical fitness consultation designed to assist individuals in dieting, achieving or maintaining physical fitness; weight reduction diet planning and supervision.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













MaxLinear Inc (MXL)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















MaxLinear Inc (MXL)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductors












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MXL on New York Consolidated


				26.22USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.05


					            (+0.19%)
					        






Prev Close

$26.17


Open

$26.00




Day's High

$26.39


Day's Low

$25.93




Volume

359,340


Avg. Vol

802,406




52-wk High

$32.47


52-wk Low

$17.13











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Kishore Seendripu

47
2003

                                Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer




							Adam Spice

48
2011

                                Chief Financial Officer, Vice President




							Curtis Ling

51
2006

                                Chief Technology Officer, Director




							Connie Kwong

38
2016

                                Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer




							Michael LaChance

57
2011

                                Vice President - Operations




							William Torgerson

49
2016

                                Vice President, General Manager Broadband Group




							Dana McCarty

49
2016

                                Vice President, Global Sales




							Madhukar Reddy

47
2014

                                Vice President- Central Engineering




							Brendan Walsh

44
2014

                                Vice President- Product Line Marketing, Infrastructure Group




							Thomas Pardun

73
2009

                                Lead Independent Director




							Steven Craddock

68
2011

                                Independent Director




							Albert Moyer

73
2009

                                Independent Director




							Donald Schrock

71
2009

                                Independent Director




							Theodore Tewksbury

61
2015

                                Independent Director




							Gideon Massey


2016

                                IR Contact Officer



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Kishore Seendripu


					
							Dr. Kishore V. Seendripu, Ph.D., is Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer, co-founder of Maxlinear, Inc. Dr. Seendripu also serves as a director representing our Class B common stock. From July 1998 to July 2002, Dr. Seendripu served in senior engineering roles, most recently as the director of RF & Mixed-Signal IC Design at Silicon Wave, Inc., a designer and developer of radio frequency systems-on-chip for use in wireless and broadband communication systems and products. From December 1997 to July 1998, Dr. Seendripu served as a member of the technical staff at Broadcom Corporation, a manufacturer of networking and communications integrated circuits for data, voice and video applications. From 1996 to December 1997, Dr. Seendripu served as a radio frequency integrated circuit, or RFIC, design engineer at Rockwell Semiconductor Systems, a provider of semiconductor system solutions for personal communications electronics. From 1990 to 1992, Dr. Seendripu served as a research assistant at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratories. Dr. Seendripu received an M.S. in Materials Sciences Engineering and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley, a B. Tech degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, India, and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.




							Adam Spice


					
							Mr. Adam C. Spice is Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Maxlinear, Inc., From October 2009 to November 2010, Mr. Spice served as the Chief Financial Officer of Symwave Corporation, a private fabless semiconductor company acquired by Standard Microsystems Corporation. From 2000 through 2009, Mr. Spice worked in various senior financial management and operational roles at Broadcom Corporation, a fabless communications semiconductor company. During his tenure, he served as Broadcom’s Corporate Treasurer and its Vice President of Finance and Corporate Development, where he was responsible for strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, corporate development, and corporate-wide financial planning and analysis. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Spice served as Vice President and General Manager of Broadcom’s Mobile Power Management Business Unit in the Mobile Platforms group. Mr. Spice received a B.B.A. from Brigham Young University and an M.B.A. from the University of Texas at Austin.




							Curtis Ling


					
							Dr. Curtis C. Ling, Ph.D., is co-founder, Chief Technology Officer, Director of Maxlinear, Inc. Dr. Ling also serves as a director representing our Class B common stock. From March 2004 to July 2006, Dr. Ling served as our Chief Financial Officer, and from September 2003 to March 2004, as a co-founder, he consulted for us. From July 1999 to July 2003, Dr. Ling served as a principal engineer at Silicon Wave, Inc. From August 1993 to May 1999, Dr. Ling served as a professor at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Dr. Ling received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology and an M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.




							Connie Kwong


					
							Ms. Connie Kwong is Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of Maxlinear, Inc. Previously, Ms. Kwong served as our Assistant Corporate Controller from March 2015 to February 2016. Prior to joining MaxLinear, Ms. Kwong was the Corporate Controller of Interush, Inc. from October 2013 to March 2015 and a senior audit manager of SingerLewak LLP from May 2008 to October 2013. Ms. Kwong received a B.A. in Business Economics from the University of California, Los Angeles.




							Michael LaChance


					
							Mr. Michael J. LaChance is Vice President - Operations of Maxlinear, Inc., From May 2011 to November 2011, Mr. LaChance served as our Senior Director, Operations. From November 2009 to April 2010, he served as Senior Director, Product Operations for Telegent Systems, Inc., a fabless semiconductor company. From March 1998 to March 2009, he served as Vice President, Product Operations at Broadcom Corporation. From March 1984 to March 1998, he served as Senior Director, Product Operations at Silicon Systems, Inc., which was subsequently acquired by Texas Instruments, Inc., a designer and manufacturer of semiconductors. Mr. LaChance received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and B.S. in Biological Science from the University of California, Irvine.




							William Torgerson


					
							Mr. William C. Torgerson is Vice President, General Manager Broadband Group of Maxlinear, Inc.and served as Vice President - Global Sales of Maxlinear Inc. From August 2007 to August 2011, Mr. Torgerson served as Vice President of America Sales for Standard Microsystems Corporation, a fabless semiconductor company that was acquired by Microchip Technology Incorporated in 2012. From May 2003 to February 2007, Mr. Torgerson was the Vice President of Global Sales at StarGen, Inc., a provider of semiconductors for networking and telecommunications equipment that was acquired by Dolphin Interconnect Solutions in 2007. From March 2000 to May 2003, he served as Director of America Sales at PLX Technology, a provider of semiconductor-based connectivity solutions that was acquired by Avago Technologies Limited in 2014. From August 1997 to March 2000, Mr. Torgerson served in various capacities including applications engineer, sales manager, and worldwide strategic account manager at Actel, Inc., a provider of field programmable gate arrays that was subsequently acquired by Microsemi Corporation. Mr. Torgerson also serves as a director of Brown Precision, Inc., an engineering and manufacturing company focused on the aerospace and medical markets. Mr. Torgerson received a BSEE degree from the University of Alabama, Huntsville and an MBA from the University of New York, Stonybrook.




							Dana McCarty


					
							Mr. Dana McCarty is Vice President, Global Sales of Maxlinear, Inc. Mr. McCarty has over twenty years of industry experience in domestic and international business environments. Prior to joining MaxLinear, Mr. McCarty served as the Senior Vice President of World Wide Sales at LitePoint Corporation, an electronic diagnostics company, from April 2014 to February 2016. From May 2001 to February 2014, Mr. McCarty worked in various senior sales and management positions at Broadcom Corporation, a fabless communications semiconductor company. During his tenure at Broadcom Corporation, he served as Sales Director, Senior Sales Director, Taiwan Country Manager, Vice President of Emerging Business and Channel Sales, and Vice President of Pan Asia Sales. Mr. McCarty received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Texas, San Antonio.




							Madhukar Reddy


					
							Dr. Madhukar Reddy, Ph.D., is Vice President - Central Engineering of Maxlinear, Inc., From November 2006 to March 2014, Dr. Reddy served as our Vice President, IC and RF Systems Engineering. From January 2005 to November 2006, Dr. Reddy served as our Director, RF/Mixed-Signal IC Design. From July 2002 to January 2005, he served as Manager, RFIC Design at Skyworks Solutions. From January 1999 to July 2002, he served as RFIC Design Engineer and Group Leader at Conexant Systems. From January 1997 to December 1998, he served as RFIC Designer at Rockwell Semiconductor Systems. Since 2005, Dr. Reddy has been a member of the Technical Program Committee of the IEEE RFIC Symposium. Dr. Reddy received a B. Tech degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, India, and an M.S. and Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of California, Santa Barbara.




							Brendan Walsh


					
							Mr. Brendan Walsh is Vice President of Product Line Marketing, Infrastructure Group of maxlinear, Inc. From April 2013 to August 2014, he was the Chief Operating Officer of TrustCloud, Inc., a provider of cloud-based trust and safety products, and from June 2011 to August 2014, he served as Co-founder at WordPivot, LLC, a provider of online literacy tools. From October 2008 to May 2011, Mr. Walsh served as our Vice President, Business Development. From September 2004 to October 1, 2007, he served as our Vice President, Sales, Marketing and Business Development. From October 2000 to August 2004, Mr. Walsh was the Director of Business Development and Venture Investment in the corporate mergers and acquisitions department of Philips Electronics N.V., an electronics company. From August 1999 to October 2000, he served as a strategic investment manager for Hikari Tsushin Inc., a retailer of mobile devices and venture capital firm focusing on mobile technologies. Mr. Walsh received a B.A. from the University of California, Davis and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.




							Thomas Pardun


					
							Mr. Thomas E. Pardun is Lead Independent Director of Maxlinear, Inc. Mr. Pardun has served as non-executive chairman of the board of directors of Western Digital Corporation. Mr. Pardun has served as a director of Western Digital Corporation since January 1993, and from January 2000 to November 2001, he served as chairman of its board of directors. From May 1996 to July 2000, Mr. Pardun served as president of MediaOne International, Asia-Pacific (formerly US West Asia-Pacific), and an owner/operator of international properties in cable television, telephone services and wireless communications. From May 1993 to April 1996, Mr. Pardun served as president and chief executive officer of US West Multimedia Communications, Inc., a communications company, and from June 1988 to April 1993 held numerous other executive positions with US West, Inc. From June 1986 to May 1988, Mr. Pardun was president of the Central Group for Sprint, Inc. as well as president of Sprint’s West Division. From September 1984 to May 1986, he served as senior vice president of United Telecommunications, a predecessor company to Sprint. From June 1965 to August 1984, he held various positions at International Business Machines Corporation. In addition to Western Digital Corporation, Mr. Pardun serves on the boards of CalAmp Corp., a provider of wireless communications solutions; Finisar Corporation, a provider of optical communications components and subsystems; and Calix, Inc., a provider of broadband communications access systems and software. Mr. Pardun received a B.B.A. in Economics and Marketing from the University of Iowa and Management School Certificates from Harvard Business School, Stanford University, and The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College.




							Steven Craddock


					
							Mr. Steven C. Craddock is Independent Director of Maxlinear, Inc. Since March 2012, Mr. Craddock has served as a director of SeaChange International, Inc., a multi-screen video software provider. Since July 2008, Mr. Craddock has also served as President of The Del Ray Group, LLC, a private consulting firm advising companies on strategic and technology developments in the cable television and telecommunications markets. Mr. Craddock retired in 2008 as Senior Vice President, Technology, for Comcast Corporation, a provider of entertainment, information, and communications products and services. From June 1994 until November 2006, he served as Senior Vice President, New Media Development for Comcast. Mr. Craddock was previously a Vice President at Bell Atlantic Corporation for many years serving in technical and operations roles prior to joining Comcast. From April 2002 until its acquisition by Zoran Corporation in December 2010, Mr. Craddock served as a director of Microtune, Inc., a provider of high-performance radio frequency tuners and transceivers. Mr. Craddock holds a professional director certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, a national public company director education and credentialing organization. Mr. Craddock is a licensed professional engineer and holds a Bachelor of Science in civil engineering and electrical engineering from Virginia Military Institute.




							Albert Moyer


					
							Mr. Albert J. Moyer is Independent Director of Maxlinear, Inc. Since 2000, Mr. Moyer has served as a private financial consultant. From March 1998 to February 2000, Mr. Moyer served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of QAD Inc., a publicly held provider of enterprise resource planning software applications. He subsequently served as a consultant to QAD Inc., assisting in sales operations. From August 1995 to March 1998, Mr. Moyer served as Chief Financial Officer of Allergan Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company. Previously, Mr. Moyer served as Chief Financial Officer of National Semiconductor Corporation, a semiconductor company. Mr. Moyer also served as Chief Financial Officer of Western Digital Corporation, a manufacturer of hard-disk drives for the personal computer and home entertainment markets. Mr. Moyer serves as Chairman of the Board of CalAmp Corp., a provider of wireless communications solutions and as a director of Collectors Universe, Inc., a third-party grading and authentication service for high-value collectibles. Mr. Moyer previously served as a director of Virco Manufacturing Corporation, a manufacturer of educational furniture, from 2004 to 2013, and Redflex Holdings Group, a provider of traffic enforcement technologies, from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Moyer received his B.S. in finance from Duquesne University and graduated from the Advanced Management Program at the University of Texas, Austin. Mr. Moyer holds a professional director certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, a national public company director education and credentialing organization.




							Donald Schrock


					
							Mr. Donald E. Schrock is Independent Director of Maxlinear, Inc. Mr. Schrock retired as Executive Vice President and President of Qualcomm Incorporated’s CDMA Technologies Group in 2003. Mr. Schrock joined Qualcomm in January 1996 as Corporate Vice President. Prior to joining Qualcomm, Mr. Schrock was Group Vice President and Division Manager with GM Hughes Electronics. Prior to working at Hughes, Mr. Schrock was Vice President of Operations with Applied Micro Circuit Corporation. Mr. Schrock also held positions as Vice President/Division Manager at Burr-Brown Corporation and spent 15 years with Motorola Semiconductor. Mr. Schrock has served on the board of directors of Integrated Devices Technology Inc., a designer and fabricator of semiconductor components, since September 2009. He previously served on the board of directors of the Fabless Semiconductor Association; RMI Corporation, a private fabless semiconductor company acquired by Netlogic Microsystems, Inc.; Patriot Scientific Corporation, a public intellectual property licensing company; and GlobalFoundries Inc., a private semiconductor wafer fabrication service provider. Mr. Schrock holds a BSEE with honors from the University of Illinois, has completed the coursework for an MSEE from Arizona State University, and has an Advanced Business Administration degree from the Arizona State University Center for Executive Development.




							Theodore Tewksbury


					
							Dr. Theodore Tewksbury, III, Ph.D., is Independent Director of Maxlinear, Inc. Dr. Tewksbury, served as interim president and chief executive officer of Entropic from November 2014 until MaxLinear’s acquisition of Entropic in April 2015. Dr. Tewksbury also served as a director of Entropic from September 2010 through April 2015. From 2013 to November 2014, Dr. Tewksbury was an independent consultant to technology companies. From 2008 to 2013, Dr. Tewksbury served as the president and chief executive officer and as a member of the board of directors of Integrated Device Technology, Inc., a publicly traded, mixed signal semiconductor solutions company. Prior to joining Integrated Device Technology in 2008, he was the president and chief operating officer of AMI Semiconductor, a mixed signal semiconductor company, from 2006 to 2008. Prior to that, Dr. Tewksbury served as managing director at Maxim Integrated Products, Inc., a designer, manufacturer and seller of high-performance semiconductor products, from 2000 to 2006. Dr. Tewksbury is a member of the board of directors of the Global Semiconductor Alliance. Dr. Tewksbury holds a BS in Architecture and an Master of Science and a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.




							Gideon Massey














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Kishore Seendripu

3,333,940




							Adam Spice

2,775,640




							Curtis Ling

961,556




							Connie Kwong

--




							Michael LaChance

1,942,920




							William Torgerson

2,150,420




							Dana McCarty

--




							Madhukar Reddy

2,268,630




							Brendan Walsh

422,625




							Thomas Pardun

232,500




							Steven Craddock

202,500




							Albert Moyer

210,000




							Donald Schrock

197,500




							Theodore Tewksbury

190,000




							Gideon Massey

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Kishore Seendripu

0
0




							Adam Spice

0
0




							Curtis Ling

897
11,112




							Connie Kwong

0
0




							Michael LaChance

15,000
210,043




							William Torgerson

0
0




							Dana McCarty

0
0




							Madhukar Reddy

5,000
105,444




							Brendan Walsh

0
0




							Thomas Pardun

0
0




							Steven Craddock

0
0




							Albert Moyer

0
0




							Donald Schrock

0
0




							Theodore Tewksbury

0
0




							Gideon Massey

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Ling (Curtis)
18,033
$1.16


Reddy (Madhukar)
22,979
$31.38


Reddy (Madhukar)
22,979
$1.16


Craddock (Steven C)
20,000
$9.10


Craddock (Steven C)
20,000
$30.86


Pardun (Thomas E)
21,149
$9.10


Reddy (Madhukar)
30,000
$31.27


Pardun (Thomas E)
21,149
$31.13


Schrock (Donald E)
21,149
$9.10


Schrock (Donald E)
21,149
$31.23


Reddy (Madhukar)
30,000
$1.16


Kwong (Connie H.)
1,218
$31.49


Moyer (Albert J)
21,149
$31.86


Moyer (Albert J)
21,149
$9.10


Reddy (Madhukar)
60,000
$1.16


Reddy (Madhukar)
60,000
$31.68


Seendripu (Kishore V)
26,721
$31.73


LaChance (Michael J)
4,846
$0.00


Torgerson (William G)
3,254
$0.00


McCarty (Dana)
1,861
$31.73


Reddy (Madhukar)
6,529
$0.00


Walsh (Brendan)
2,894
$31.73


Ling (Curtis)
6,221
$0.00


Torgerson (William G)
3,254
$31.73


McCarty (Dana)
1,861
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductors























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












William P Torgerson - Salt Lake City, UT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William P Torgerson in Salt Lake City, UT


William P Torgerson

                                                                                                   Intelius found that William P Torgerson  is  between 50 and 60 years old from Salt Lake City, UT.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                0 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

William P Torgerson is in his 50s

William Has Lived In

Salt Lake City, UT

William's Relatives

Melissa Torgerson







William P Torgerson



Zodiac SignLibra



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William P Torgerson
Get a Criminal Check on William P Torgerson
Get a Public Record Report on William P Torgerson
Get a People Search Report on William P Torgerson


William P Torgerson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William P Torgerson has lived as well as William P Torgerson's phone numbers and email addresses.




William P Torgerson Has Lived in 1 States
Utah Address for William P Torgerson


1846 D********* A** 

Salt Lake City, UT


Has Lived In

Salt Lake City, UT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William P Torgerson



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William P Torgerson



Get Email Report




William P Torgerson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William P Torgerson


William P Torgerson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William P Torgerson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Torgerson
Username Matches

                  WilliamTorgerson
                  TorgersonWilliam
                  William.Torgerson
                  Torgerson.William
                  William_Torgerson
                  Torgerson_William
                  William-Torgerson
                  Torgerson-William
                  WTorgerson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Torgerson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Amazon.com: William J Torgerson: Books, Biography, Blog, Audiobooks, Kindle





Amazon.com: Books





 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks













































































William J Torgerson













                    
                    Dear Reader,I'm an ex-basketball coach and high school English teacher turned writer, filmmaker, podcaster, and professor. Originally from a small town in Indiana called Winamac, I now split my time between NYC where I teach at St. John's University and Asheville, North Carolina where I live with my wife Megan and our two daughters. We NC Torgs get out and about on the Blue Ridge Mountains, the French Broad River, and enjoy spending time with all of the artists and makers of things who reside in our creative community. Three of my novels have been published by Cherokee McGhee Press. Love on the Big Screen is about a college freshman basketball player (highly autobiographical) whose understanding of love is derived from 80's romantic comedies. Horseshoe is a Midwestern Gothic themed novel-in-stories set in a fictionalized version of my hometown. My most recent novel, The Coach's Wife, is about relationships and collects stories I heard or experienced as a high school basketball coach in Indiana. Pat Conroy, one of my writing heroes, called the novel "One of the best books about coaching and basketball I've ever read with a love story so complicated and wonderful it will have book clubs talking about it for years."
                

See more







Are You an Author?
  Help us improve our Author Pages by updating your bibliography and submitting a new or current image and biography.

  
›
Learn more at Author Central















            $9.39

        


        Paperback
    









            $6.99

        


        Kindle Edition
    









            $15.95

        


        Paperback
    











            $17.46

        


        Audible Audio Edition
    










        Paperback
    







            Author Updates
        































Blog post




 New Varsity Assistant Girls Basketball Coach at Greenwood High School


On Friday, July 21st, I was given the go ahead by Greenwood High School Principal Todd Garrison to share the news that Terry Boesch has accepted a teaching position at the high school and agreed to be the varsity assistant girls basketball coach. This is a position that was filled last year by Kris Simpson. […]




5 days ago

Read more








Blog post




 Podcast: Asheville Movies and Wicked Weed with Edwin Arnaudin


Podcast Asheville Movies and Wicked Weed sale with Edwin Arnaudin




3 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Job Change: A Family Move to Indiana


I’ve accepted an offer from Greenwood Community Schools to teach seventh grade language arts and become the head girls basketball coach. The town of Greenwood is twelve miles south of Indianapolis, Indiana, the state where I grew up playing the game. My parents were both English teachers, and my dad was a coach. The move […]




3 months ago

Read more

















Blog post




 Thoughts on Reform in College Sports


I’m a college professor and former high school basketball coach who has taught many college athletes over the past decade. I’ve recently listened to two books that I highly recommend, books that have got me thinking a lot about what reforms might be needed when it comes to men’s college basketball and football or any other […]




4 months ago

Read more








Blog post




 Accepted to Queens World Film Festival


The documentary film On the French Broad River has been accepted to the Queens World Film Festival in New York City.




6 months ago

Read more














Books by William J Torgerson
Showing 5 Results Books : Advanced Search



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews



All FormatsKindle EditionPaperbackAudible Audio Edition
The Coach's WifeFeb 10, 2015by William J TorgersonPaperback
$
9
39

$17.95Only 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$8.45(18 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
6
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.5 out of 5 stars
6Love on the Big ScreenFeb 2, 2011by William J. TorgersonKindle Edition
$
6
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyPaperback
$
16
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersUsually ships in 1 to 4 weeksMore Buying Choices$8.50(24 used &amp new offers)
4.8 out of 5 stars
25HorseshoeMay 1, 2012by William J. TorgersonPaperback
$
15
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.77(16 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
6
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.8 out of 5 stars
6Love on the Big ScreenAug 29, 2012 | Unabridgedby William J. Torgerson and Torg StoriesAudible Audio Edition$0.00Free with Audible trialA Viking on the Subway: A New York City Urban Fantasy (Maija Finehair, Viking Warrior) (Volume 1)Jan 7, 2014by William J. TorgersonCurrently unavailable












See search results for author  "William J Torgerson"  in Books









  More Information 

›   Are you an author? Visit Author Central to change your photo, edit your biography, and more
        
›   See Author Pages Frequently Asked Questions

›   Anything else? Provide feedback about this page
    






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.














There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












TORGERSON WILLIAM R JR MD Burlington MA, 01805 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Torgerson William R JR MD
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Torgerson William R JR MD



41 Mall Rd

Burlington,
							
							
							 MA
							
							
							 01805-0001
							
							 |  view map


(781) 273-8650

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

TORGERSON WILLIAM R JR MD in Burlington, MA.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

RAM Enterprises Inc


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Hammer & CO


Walbro


Barnes & Noble


Ideal Construction CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Torgerson William R JR MD
Rate Torgerson William R JR MD on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Torgerson William R JR MD
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLTAIRE
VOGT JAMES B MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
L & L MACHINE TOOL
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
GOODY 2 SHOES
ADVENT I LLC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
AZURADISC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  















                Artists and Painters Database - A - AA























                                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                                OK



User language

                                        English

                                        Française

                                        Deutsch

                                        Espagnole


                                        Português

                                        Руссо

                                        Italiano

                                        اللغة العربية
Research
Auctions
Calendar
Artists
Search artists
Alphabetical list artists
Auction houses
Search an auction house in the world
Alphabetical list of auction houses
Services
Services for auction houses
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions
User services
Buy Report Author
Resend Password
Enrollment
Enrollment


Arcadja
Arcadja
 About Us
 Our Product

Search author



                                Find Artist







Login


                                    Login

emailpassword




Arcadja Auctions

                                                                                >Artists Database

                                                                                    >A
Did you mean:

                Amberger Christoph

                Avercamp Hendrick

                Alma-Tadema Lawrence

                Andrea Del Sarto 

                Anson Rufus

                Aaron Young 

                Aagaard Carl Frederik Peder

                Aaltonen Waino

                Aalders Bert

                Aagesen Stig



                                                                    a

                                                                    b

                                                                    c

                                                                    d

                                                                    e

                                                                    f

                                                                    g

                                                                    h

                                                                    i

                                                                    j

                                                                    k

                                                                    l

                                                                    m

                                                                    n

                                                                    o

                                                                    p

                                                                    q

                                                                    r

                                                                    s

                                                                    t

                                                                    u

                                                                    v

                                                                    w

                                                                    x

                                                                    y

                                                                    z

                                                                    0-9


AA - AA

                                                                            A  Browning Chas(XX Century)

                                                                            A  Elleby William(XIX Century)

                                                                            A  Famechon En.a.

                                                                            A  Lamont Oca Laura(1880-1970)

                                                                            A  Larter En.a.

                                                                            A  Lgotak Lyubov(1906)

                                                                            A  Mercurio Dn.a.

                                                                            A  Wentworth George(XX Century)

                                                                            A  Wills Leslie(1900)

                                                                            A. Berzingn.a.

                                                                            A. Ford John(XX Century)

                                                                            A. Glorian.a.

                                                                            A. Graff Georgen.a.

                                                                            A Kaps n.a.

                                                                            A Keller(XIX Century)

                                                                            A Leonard Edward A.(XIX Century)

                                                                            A. Martin Et Studio Tronchet n.a.

                                                                            A Pedro(1931)

                                                                            A Pk n.a.

                                                                            A Rachman Syaiful(1974)

                                                                            A Reid Edith(XX)

                                                                            A. Van Reesn.a.

                                                                            A Volkov Valeryn.a.

                                                                            A'Becket Maria(1839-1904)

                                                                            A-One (1964-2001)

                                                                            A-One Crash & Daze n.a.

                                                                            A1one (1981)

                                                                            Aa Raiba (XX Century)

                                                                            Aaberg Kaern Simone(1969)

                                                                            Aabille Jesper(XX-XXI)

                                                                            Aabo Jensn.a.

                                                                            Aabrink Axel(1887-1965)

                                                                            Aaby Hansen Ingern.a.

                                                                            Aabye Jørgen Emil(1868-1959)

                                                                            Aach Herb(1923-1985)

                                                                            Aach Herbert(1923-1985)

                                                                            Aadnäs Peder Pedersen(1739-1792)

                                                                            Aae Arvidn.a.

                                                                            Aae Olga Harriet(1877-1965)

                                                                            Aaes Erik(1899-1966)

                                                                            Aaes Susanne(1960)

                                                                            Aagaard Andersen Gunnar(1919-1982)

                                                                            Aagaard Carl Frederik Peder(1833-1895)

                                                                            Aagaard Christian(1833-1895)

                                                                            Aagaard Erik(XX Century)

                                                                            Aagaard Finn(? Century)

                                                                            Aagaard Julius(1847-1926)

                                                                            Aagaard Martin(1863-1913)

                                                                            Aagaard Troels(? Century)

                                                                            Aagard Carl Trier(1890-1961)
                                                                            Aage Holm Sorensen Svendn.a.

                                                                            Aage Larsen Knud(1900-1979)

                                                                            Aagesen Elisabeth(XX Century)

                                                                            Aagesen Stign.a.

                                                                            Aakjaer Yrsan.a.

                                                                            Aalbers Ben(1916-2004)

                                                                            Aalbers K. J.n.a.

                                                                            Aalders Bertn.a.

                                                                            Aalfs Mark(XX Century)

                                                                            Aalling N.(XX Century)

                                                                            Aalto Alvar(1898-1976)

                                                                            Aalto Ilmari(1891-1934)

                                                                            Aalto Johanna(1962)

                                                                            Aalto Timo(1941)

                                                                            Aaltona Veikko(1910-1990)

                                                                            Aaltonen Aarre(1889-1980)

                                                                            Aaltonen Waino(1894-1966)

                                                                            Aamodt Asbjorn(1893-1966)

                                                                            Aamodt Nicolay(1978)

                                                                            Aamund Susanne(1943)

                                                                            Aardse Lény(XX Century)

                                                                            Aarestrup Emiln.a.

                                                                            Aario Guillermon.a.

                                                                            Aaris Hamilton(XX Century)

                                                                            Aarldyck (XIX Century)

                                                                            Aarnio Johann.a.

                                                                            Aarnio Urhon.a.

                                                                            Aarno Salosmaa(1941-2008)

                                                                            Aarnoutse J.n.a.

                                                                            Aaron Goldie(XX)

                                                                            Aaron Gunn Pylen.a.

                                                                            Aaron John(1946)

                                                                            Aaron Joseph(1959)

                                                                            Aaron M.n.a.

                                                                            Aaron Michel(XIX Century)

                                                                            Aaron Morsen.a.

                                                                            Aaron Richard E.(XX Century)

                                                                            Aaron Spangler (1971)

                                                                            Aaron Young (1972)

                                                                            Aarons George(1896-1980)

                                                                            Aarons H.n.a.

                                                                            Aarons Jules(1921-2008)

                                                                            Aarons Slim(1916-2006)

                                                                            Aarsland Anne(1976)

                                                                            Aarsman Hans(1951)

                                                                            Aart Kruyt Cornelius Jacobs(? Century)

                                                                            Aartman Nicolaes Matthijsz.(1713-1793)

                                                                            Aarts Johannes J.(1871-1934)

                                                                            Aartsen Pietern.a.

                                                                            Aas Nils(1933-2004)

                                        A-Aa

                                        Ab-Abel

                                        Aben-Abra

                                        Abri-Ackerm

                                        Ackerm-Adamc

                                        Adami-Adam

                                        Adan-Adl

                                        Adm-Affl

                                        Affo-Agosti

                                        Agosti-Ahlber

                                        Ahlber-Aiki

                                        Aikm-Aj

                                        Ak-Al Mac

                                        Al Mal-Alau

                                        Alaz-Albert

                                        Albert-Alca

                                        Alci-Aleksa

                                        Alekse-Alexan

                                        Alexan-Alf

                                        Ali-Allard

                                        Allard-Allen

                                        Aller-Almo

                                        Almq-Alta

                                        Alte-Alva

                                        Alve-Amatr

                                        Amatu-Amici

                                        Amico-Ams

                                        Amt-Anders
                                        Anders-Anders

                                        Anders-Andrea

                                        Andrea-Andrew

                                        Andrew-Angeli

                                        Angell-Anisf

                                        Anisi-Anselm

                                        Anselm-Anton

                                        Antona-An

                                        Ao-Apple

                                        Appli-Arbe

                                        Arbi-Ard

                                        Are-Arie

                                        Arik-Armis

                                        Armit-Arneg

                                        Arneo-Arnold

                                        Arnolf-Arri

                                        Arro-Artu

                                        Arty-Asg

                                        Ash-Aso

                                        Asp-As

                                        At-Ato

                                        Att-Auch

                                        Aucl-August

                                        August-Aus

                                        Aut-Ave

                                        Avn-Aym

                                        Ayn-Azz

                                                     


Auctions
Artists Database
Auction Houses
Calendar
Services
Subscription
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions Subscription
 Arcadja
 Our Product





on-line Support

                    Services and Prices
Terms and Conditions
Advertising
Sitemap
cookie disclosure/informativa

                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                OK
© 2015 Soluxo.net Srls - Tel: +39 030 7821340 - Fax: +39 030 7821341 - e-mail: info@arcadja.com - C.F./P.IVA: 03707780981






                Artists and Painters Database - TORET - TORREN























                                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                                OK



User language

                                        English

                                        Française

                                        Deutsch

                                        Espagnole


                                        Português

                                        Руссо

                                        Italiano

                                        اللغة العربية
Research
Auctions
Calendar
Artists
Search artists
Alphabetical list artists
Auction houses
Search an auction house in the world
Alphabetical list of auction houses
Services
Services for auction houses
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions
User services
Buy Report Author
Resend Password
Enrollment
Enrollment


Arcadja
Arcadja
 About Us
 Our Product

Search author



                                Find Artist







Login


                                    Login

emailpassword




Arcadja Auctions

                                                                                >Artists Database

                                                                                    >T

                                                                                    >TORET - TORREN
Did you mean:

                Ter Brugghen Hendrick

                Turner John Mallord William

                Twombly Cy

                Turner William

                Tovar Y Tovar Martin

                Tornai Gyula, Jules

                Tornquist Jorrit

                Torrents Llado Joaquín

                Torne Sami Miquel

                Tornyai Janos



                                                                    a

                                                                    b

                                                                    c

                                                                    d

                                                                    e

                                                                    f

                                                                    g

                                                                    h

                                                                    i

                                                                    j

                                                                    k

                                                                    l

                                                                    m

                                                                    n

                                                                    o

                                                                    p

                                                                    q

                                                                    r

                                                                    s

                                                                    t

                                                                    u

                                                                    v

                                                                    w

                                                                    x

                                                                    y

                                                                    z

                                                                    0-9


TTORET - TORREN

                                                                            Toretto A.n.a.

                                                                            Torey Claude(1939)

                                                                            Torg Elisabethsn.a.

                                                                            Torger Will(1910-1984)

                                                                            Torgersen Thorvald Hagbart(1862-1943)

                                                                            Torgerson Eugenie(XX Century)

                                                                            Torgerson William(1833-1890)

                                                                            Torggler Erich(1899-1938)

                                                                            Torggler Hermann(1878-1939)

                                                                            Toriï Lyntalon.a.

                                                                            Torii School n.a.

                                                                            Torii Toshifumin.a.

                                                                            Torimaru Gnyuki(XX Century)

                                                                            Torin Kano(1679-1754)

                                                                            Torini John(XX Century)

                                                                            Torino En.a.

                                                                            Torino M.(XX Century)

                                                                            Toris (1953)

                                                                            Toriyama Rei(? Century)

                                                                            Tormi Jan(XX Century)

                                                                            Torminza An.a.

                                                                            Tormo n.a.

                                                                            Tormo Amparo(1960)

                                                                            Tormo José(1800-1900)

                                                                            Tormos Jose(?-1951               )

                                                                            Tornabuoni Lorenzo(1934-2004)

                                                                            Tornai Gyula, Jules(1861-1928)

                                                                            Tornau Karl Wilhelm(1820-1864)

                                                                            Tornay Endre Andras(1949-2008)

                                                                            Torne De Sami Miguel(1938)

                                                                            Torne Esquius Pedro(1879-1936)

                                                                            Torne Esquius Pere(1879-1936)

                                                                            Torne Pujol Trinidad(1879-1945)

                                                                            Torne Sami Miquel(1938)

                                                                            Torne Vidaln.a.

                                                                            Tornel Patricia Méndezn.a.

                                                                            Torneley G.G.(XIX Century)

                                                                            Tornello Mario(1927)

                                                                            Torneman Axel(1880-1925)

                                                                            Törner Carl Erik(1862-1911)

                                                                            Torner De Semir Miguel(1938)

                                                                            Torner Gloria(1934)

                                                                            Torner Gustavo(1925)

                                                                            Torner Inge(1908)

                                                                            Tornero Gomez Francesc(1934)

                                                                            Tornero Miguel Angel(1978)

                                                                            Tornero Sergio Gonzalez(1927)

                                                                            Tornes E.n.a.

                                                                            Torngren Bo(XX)

                                                                            Torni F.(XIX Century)

                                                                            Tornincasa Carmine(1962)

                                                                            Törning Erik(1928-2001)
                                                                            Törning Tage(1925)

                                                                            Tornioli Niccolo(1598-1651)

                                                                            Tornoe Elisabeth(1847-1933)

                                                                            Tornoe Wenzel Ulrik(1844-1907)

                                                                            Tornquist Ellen(1871-?)

                                                                            Tornquist Herbert(XX Century)

                                                                            Tornquist Jorrit(1938)

                                                                            Tornqvist Kurtn.a.

                                                                            Törnqvist Wilhelm(1896-1989)

                                                                            Törnström Carl Fredrik(1778-1815)

                                                                            Törnström Isidor(1870-1952)

                                                                            Tornyai Janos(1869-1936)

                                                                            Torra Terrancen.a.

                                                                            Torrabadell Jn.a.

                                                                            Torrabadella Ignacio(1880-1920)

                                                                            Torraca Ferruccio(1907)

                                                                            Torrado (1955                 )

                                                                            Torrado José(XX Century)

                                                                            Torrado Laura(1967)

                                                                            Torralba Juan Jose(1937)

                                                                            Torralba Juan Josep(1937)

                                                                            Torrallardona Carlos(1913-1986)

                                                                            Torralva Ana(1957)

                                                                            Torrance James(1859-1916)

                                                                            Torrance Johnn.a.

                                                                            Torrans Rosella(XX Century)

                                                                            Torrao Roxanen.a.

                                                                            Torras Bachs Joan(1912-1984)

                                                                            Torras Luisn.a.

                                                                            Torras Raventósn.a.

                                                                            Torras Viver Joan(1929)

                                                                            Torras Xavier Rodes I(1971)

                                                                            Torrejos L.F.n.a.

                                                                            Torrendel Marían.a.

                                                                            Torrens Beatriu(1940)

                                                                            Torrens Bernardo(1957)

                                                                            Torrens Eugeni(1958)

                                                                            Torrens Llado Joaquim(XX-XXI)

                                                                            Torrens M.(XX Century)

                                                                            Torrens Nestor(1954)

                                                                            Torrent Buch Josep(1915)

                                                                            Torrent Diegon.a.

                                                                            Torrent Pere(1945)

                                                                            Torrent Reyes Rafael(1924-1984)

                                                                            Torrent Roberto(1904-1991)

                                                                            Torrenti Thomas(XX Century)

                                                                            Torrents I Brunet Anciano Marti(1887-1977)

                                                                            Torrents Llado Joaquín(1946)

                                                                            Torrents Marti(1887)

                                                                            Torrents Ramón(1910-1971)

                                                                            Torrents Y De Amat Stanislas(1839-1916)

                                        T-Tab

                                        Tae-Tai

                                        Taj-Tak

                                        Tal-Tamas

                                        Tamas-Tand

                                        Tanf-Tao

                                        Tap-Tard

                                        Tark-Tas

                                        Tat-Tav

                                        Taw-Taylor

                                        Taylor-Teard

                                        Tears-Tek

                                        Tel-Tend

                                        Tene-Tere

                                        Terh-Ter

                                        Tes-Tes

                                        Tet-Thar

                                        That-Theo

                                        Thep-Thiele

                                        Thiell-Thomas

                                        Thomas-Thoma

                                        Thomi-Thomse

                                        Thomse-Thorn

                                        Thoro-Thurst

                                        Thurst-Tic

                                        Tid-Tili
                                        Till-Tind

                                        Tine-Tischb

                                        Tischl-Tjapal

                                        Tjapal-Toda

                                        Todar-Toi

                                        Toj-Tomai

                                        Tomal-Tommas

                                        Tommas-Tonn

                                        Tono-Torel

                                        Toret-Torren

                                        Torres-Tosh

                                        Tosi-Tourn

                                        Tourr-Tow

                                        Toy-Tras

                                        Trau-Trembl

                                        Trembl-Tria

                                        Trib-Triva

                                        Trive-Trotte

                                        Trotte-Trumb

                                        Trume-Tsi

                                        Tso-Tucker

                                        Tucker-Tung

                                        Tunga-Turner

                                        Turney-Tv

                                        Tw-Tyt

                                        Tyu-Tzu

                                                     


Auctions
Artists Database
Auction Houses
Calendar
Services
Subscription
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions Subscription
 Arcadja
 Our Product





on-line Support

                    Services and Prices
Terms and Conditions
Advertising
Sitemap
cookie disclosure/informativa

                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                OK
© 2015 Soluxo.net Srls - Tel: +39 030 7821340 - Fax: +39 030 7821341 - e-mail: info@arcadja.com - C.F./P.IVA: 03707780981






                Artists and Painters Database - T - TAB























                                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                                OK



User language

                                        English

                                        Française

                                        Deutsch

                                        Espagnole


                                        Português

                                        Руссо

                                        Italiano

                                        اللغة العربية
Research
Auctions
Calendar
Artists
Search artists
Alphabetical list artists
Auction houses
Search an auction house in the world
Alphabetical list of auction houses
Services
Services for auction houses
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions
User services
Buy Report Author
Resend Password
Enrollment
Enrollment


Arcadja
Arcadja
 About Us
 Our Product

Search author



                                Find Artist







Login


                                    Login

emailpassword




Arcadja Auctions

                                                                                >Artists Database

                                                                                    >T
Did you mean:

                Ter Brugghen Hendrick

                Turner John Mallord William

                Twombly Cy

                Turner William

                Tovar Y Tovar Martin

                Taaffe Philip

                Tabard Maurice

                Tabuchi Yasse

                Tabary Jean

                Tabouret Songye 



                                                                    a

                                                                    b

                                                                    c

                                                                    d

                                                                    e

                                                                    f

                                                                    g

                                                                    h

                                                                    i

                                                                    j

                                                                    k

                                                                    l

                                                                    m

                                                                    n

                                                                    o

                                                                    p

                                                                    q

                                                                    r

                                                                    s

                                                                    t

                                                                    u

                                                                    v

                                                                    w

                                                                    x

                                                                    y

                                                                    z

                                                                    0-9


TT - TAB

                                                                            T  Bradshaw Eva(1871-1938)

                                                                            T  Firmin Esthere(? Century)

                                                                            T  Mcintyre Cameron(1968)

                                                                            T  Thurmond George(1949)

                                                                            T Crook Fred(? Century)

                                                                            T. Julian(1985)

                                                                            T Laamn.a.

                                                                            T May Robertn.a.

                                                                            T Sas Victor(1866-1942)

                                                                            T Ziara Alfred(1980)

                                                                            T'Ang Yin n.a.

                                                                            T'Felt Julien(1874-1933)

                                                                            T'Scharner Théodore(1826-1906)

                                                                            T&v Limoges (? Century)

                                                                            T9g (1975)

                                                                            Ta Thuc Binh n.a.

                                                                            Ta-Chien Chang(XX Century)

                                                                            Taaffe Philip(1955)

                                                                            Taaffe Rositan.a.

                                                                            Taanman Jacob(1836-1923)

                                                                            Taasevigen Everettn.a.

                                                                            Taat Joeda(1948)

                                                                            Taaxteep n.a.

                                                                            Taba (XX Century)

                                                                            Tabacchi Odoardo(1831-1905)

                                                                            Tabacci Mario(1919)

                                                                            Tabacco Wilma(1953)

                                                                            Tabacek Julius(1948)

                                                                            Tabah H.n.a.

                                                                            Tabaimo (1975-?)

                                                                            Tabaka Maija(1939)

                                                                            Tabakov Ivan(1901-1977)

                                                                            Tabakova Elenan.a.

                                                                            Tabakovic Andrewn.a.

                                                                            Tabakovic Andyn.a.

                                                                            Tabal Mohamed(? Century)

                                                                            Tabar Léopold(1818-1869)

                                                                            Tabara Enrique(1930)

                                                                            Tabara Luis Enrique(1930)

                                                                            Tabaracci Ghigo(XIX Century)

                                                                            Tabard Jean Lucn.a.

                                                                            Tabard Maurice(1897-1984)

                                                                            Tabares Gustavon.a.

                                                                            Tabarez Yamandu(XX)

                                                                            Tabarra Joao(1966)

                                                                            Tabary Audreyn.a.

                                                                            Tabary Celine Marie(1908)

                                                                            Tabary E.(XIX Century)

                                                                            Tabary Emile(1857-1927)

                                                                            Tabary Jean(1930-2011)
                                                                            Tabas (1974)

                                                                            Tabasco Felix(1947-2007)

                                                                            Tabatabai Jazeh(1931-2008)

                                                                            Tabaud Jean Gilbert(1914-1996)

                                                                            Tabb Barrington Moore(1934)

                                                                            Tabb Gladys Clark(1890-1969)

                                                                            Tabb Vn.a.

                                                                            Tabbachi Francescon.a.

                                                                            Tabdemir Hasann.a.

                                                                            Tabe Kemzon.a.

                                                                            Tabellini Giacomo(1907-1989)

                                                                            Tabenkin Ilya Lwowich(1914-1988)

                                                                            Tabenkin Lev Ilïïtch(1952)

                                                                            Taber Boicheidt Lynn(XX Century)

                                                                            Taber G. M.(XX Century)

                                                                            Taber H.(XX Century)

                                                                            Taber Hyde Russell(1886-1966)

                                                                            Taber Isaac Walton(1860-1933)

                                                                            Taber Isaiah West(1830-1912)

                                                                            Taber Kenn.a.

                                                                            Taber Lincoln(1941-1989)

                                                                            Tabercek Juliusn.a.

                                                                            Tabet Antonion.a.

                                                                            Tabet Claude(1924-1979)

                                                                            Tabet Giorgio(1904 - 2002)

                                                                            Tabet Sylvia(1964)

                                                                            Tabin-Darbelley Isabelle(1947                 )

                                                                            Tabisz Stanisławn.a.

                                                                            Tablada De Diego Lope(1903-1974)

                                                                            Tablante Jason(1981)

                                                                            Tabmurner Alann.a.

                                                                            Tabner Len(1946)

                                                                            Taboada Fernando(1958)

                                                                            Táboas Sofia(1968)

                                                                            Tabor George Hugh(1857-1920)

                                                                            Tabor Helen(? Century)

                                                                            Taborda Américon.a.

                                                                            Taborda Jose Da Cunha(1766-1834)

                                                                            Taborda Raoul Damonte(1914)

                                                                            Tabori Micheln.a.

                                                                            Taborsky Jann.a.

                                                                            Tabouret Émile(1850-1927)

                                                                            Tabouret Eugène(XX Century)

                                                                            Tabouret Songye n.a.

                                                                            Tabrizi Mirza Reza Ibn Muhammad Ali Ashtiyanin.a.

                                                                            Tabrizi Sadegh(1939)

                                                                            Tabrizian Mitran.a.

                                                                            Tabrum Alan(XX Century)

                                                                            Tabuchi J.n.a.

                                                                            Tabuchi Yasse(1921-2009)

                                        T-Tab

                                        Tae-Tai

                                        Taj-Tak

                                        Tal-Tamas

                                        Tamas-Tand

                                        Tanf-Tao

                                        Tap-Tard

                                        Tark-Tas

                                        Tat-Tav

                                        Taw-Taylor

                                        Taylor-Teard

                                        Tears-Tek

                                        Tel-Tend

                                        Tene-Tere

                                        Terh-Ter

                                        Tes-Tes

                                        Tet-Thar

                                        That-Theo

                                        Thep-Thiele

                                        Thiell-Thomas

                                        Thomas-Thoma

                                        Thomi-Thomse

                                        Thomse-Thorn

                                        Thoro-Thurst

                                        Thurst-Tic

                                        Tid-Tili
                                        Till-Tind

                                        Tine-Tischb

                                        Tischl-Tjapal

                                        Tjapal-Toda

                                        Todar-Toi

                                        Toj-Tomai

                                        Tomal-Tommas

                                        Tommas-Tonn

                                        Tono-Torel

                                        Toret-Torren

                                        Torres-Tosh

                                        Tosi-Tourn

                                        Tourr-Tow

                                        Toy-Tras

                                        Trau-Trembl

                                        Trembl-Tria

                                        Trib-Triva

                                        Trive-Trotte

                                        Trotte-Trumb

                                        Trume-Tsi

                                        Tso-Tucker

                                        Tucker-Tung

                                        Tunga-Turner

                                        Turney-Tv

                                        Tw-Tyt

                                        Tyu-Tzu

                                                     


Auctions
Artists Database
Auction Houses
Calendar
Services
Subscription
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions Subscription
 Arcadja
 Our Product





on-line Support

                    Services and Prices
Terms and Conditions
Advertising
Sitemap
cookie disclosure/informativa

                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                OK
© 2015 Soluxo.net Srls - Tel: +39 030 7821340 - Fax: +39 030 7821341 - e-mail: info@arcadja.com - C.F./P.IVA: 03707780981






        Prices and estimates of works William Torgerson























                                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                                OK



User language

                                        English

                                        Française

                                        Deutsch

                                        Espagnole


                                        Português

                                        Руссо

                                        Italiano

                                        اللغة العربية
Research
Auctions
Calendar
Artists
Search artists
Alphabetical list artists
Auction houses
Search an auction house in the world
Alphabetical list of auction houses
Services
Services for auction houses
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions
User services
Buy Report Author
Resend Password
Enrollment
Enrollment


Arcadja
Arcadja
 About Us
 Our Product

Search author



                                Find Artist







Login


                                    Login

emailpassword




                    Arcadja Auctions


                >
                    Artists Database


                    >
                        T


                    >
                        Toret-Torren


                >

                William Torgerson

William Torgerson
TweetUnited States

                                        (1833


                                            -

                                            &nbsp1890


                                        )


                                                    Auction House:

                                            Leslie Hindman /Sep 7, 2008

                                                        Estimate:
€1,403.80 - €2,807.61
                                                        Price:
€2,055.16

Find artworks, auction results, sale prices and pictures of William Torgerson at auctions worldwide.
Go to the complete price list of works
Follow the artist with our email alert

Upcoming Sales


Along with William Torgerson, our clients also searched for the following authors:

Adolf Schreyer, James Renwick Brevoort, James Buttersworth, Gifford Beal, George Russell Gowans, Joseph Demartini, Alfred Milton Duca
Artworks in Arcadja
                        5

Some works of William Torgerson
Extracted between 5 works in the catalog of Arcadja


                                        William Torgerson -  Marine Scene

                                Original 1878

Estimate:

Price:

Gross Price
Gross Price, with the auction house royalties

Auction:

                                    Cowan's -Feb 20, 2010

                                    - Cincinnati
Lot number:
33
Other WORKS AT AUCTION

Description:
                                    33. MARINE SCENE BY WILLIAM TORGERSON, OIL ON CANVAS
 
Auction:
 2010, Winter Fine & Decorative Art, February 20
William Torgerson (American, 1833-1890), signed and dated 
1878
, l.l.; 22 x 36 in. The work depicts a pair of ships, along with smaller vessel, passing through an artic landscape of snow capped mountains.
 
Condition: Darkened varnish, minor craquelure.
 
(EST $1000-$2000)
 
Register to bid live with iCowans  |  Place Absentee Bid  |  Reserve a Phone Line for Bidding



                                        William Torgerson - Union Fleet In Mobile Bay

                                Original 

Estimate:

Price:

Gross Price
Gross Price, with the auction house royalties

Auction:

                                    Christie's -Jan 19, 2017

                                    - New-york
Lot number:
191
Other WORKS AT AUCTION

Description:
                                    William Torgerson (1833-1890) Union Fleet in Mobile Bay oil on canvas sight: 25 ¼ x 41 ¼ in. (64 x 104.8 cm.) 
 
Provenance Kennedy Galleries, Inc., New York, 1964. 



                                        William Torgerson - Torgerson, Ships In Ny Harbor, O/c

                                Original -

Estimate:

Price:
Not disclosed

Auction:

                                    Kaminski & Co. -Sep 21, 2008

                                    - Beverly
Lot number:
6183
Other WORKS AT AUCTION

Description:
                                    William Torgerson (American, 1833-1890), Ships in New YorkHarbor, o/c, 14" x 12", signed LR: W. Torgerson.



                                        William Torgerson - Clipper In Distress

                                Original 

Estimate:

Price:

Gross Price
Gross Price, with the auction house royalties

Auction:

                                    Leslie Hindman -Sep 7, 2008

                                    - Chicago
Lot number:
428
Other WORKS AT AUCTION

Description:
                                    William Torgerson
(American, 1833-1890)
Clipper in Distress
oil on canvas
signed (lower left)
21 1/2 x 35 inches.
Estimate $ 2,000-4,000



                                        William Torgerson - A Paddle Steamer In An Engagement

                                Original 

Estimate:

Price:

Gross Price
Gross Price, with the auction house royalties

Auction:

                                    Christie's -Jul 29, 2004

                                    - New-york
Lot number:
269
Other WORKS AT AUCTION

Description:
                                    William Torgerson (American, 19th Century)
A paddle steamer in an engagement
signed 'Wm. Torgerson' (lower left)
oil on canvas
24 x 36 in. (61 x 91.5 cm.)
Special Notice
This lot is exempt from Sales Tax.
Pre-Lot Text
Property sold to benefit the Denver Art Museum

Go to the complete price list of works


Auctions
Artists Database
Auction Houses
Calendar
Services
Subscription
Advertising
Sponsored Auctions Subscription
 Arcadja
 Our Product





on-line Support

                    Services and Prices
Terms and Conditions
Advertising
Sitemap
cookie disclosure/informativa

                            Cookies help Arcadja providing its services: browsing the portal you accept their use.
                            I cookies aiutano Arcadja a fornire i suoi servizi: navigando nel portale ne accettate l'utilizzo.Cookies disclosure/Informativa cookies

                                OK
© 2015 Soluxo.net Srls - Tel: +39 030 7821340 - Fax: +39 030 7821341 - e-mail: info@arcadja.com - C.F./P.IVA: 03707780981





